Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6005 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2016 No. 147 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 28, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN J. D
UNCAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
ARNOLD PALMER: THE KING OF GOLF The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week, we lost the great-est golfer ever, the man who brought the sport to the masses, a name syn-onymous with competition, the king, the legend: Mr. Arnold Palmer. Arnie was a favorite son and native of Latrobe, Pennsylvania, a city where roads, an airport, a drink, a hospital, and so much more are named after him. Latrobe is also the home of Mr. Rogers, the banana split, and summer home to the Pittsburgh Steelers; but Arnold clearly is their favorite. And with good reason. Some athletes play to make a name for themselves, but Arnie did it to build up the sport. And build it up he did. He made the sport of golf a game for the common man. It is no wonder he was followed by Arnie’s Army through the world. Some athletes won’t give autographs unless you pay them, or they will walk by, unmoved when a child asks for one; but Arnie never refused. He signed his name millions of times, never refusing anyone in his entire lifetime. I saw him just last month, sur-rounded by his usual stack of letters, pictures, and paraphernalia piled next to his desk, waiting to be signed by him. He signed every single one with that perfect and unmistakable signa-ture and not with a generic scribble so you have no idea whose name it was. Arnie made sure he made his name leg-ible. Later in life, he stopped signing golf balls not because he did not want to, but, rather, he thought it was impor-tant that whoever he was signing for could read his name clearly. Some athletes are famous for their family problems, but Arnie was a quiet, dedicated, and loving family man. He loved Winnie and Kit, and their chil-dren and grandchildren. And while some sport players refuse to stand during our national anthem, as a proud veteran of the U.S. Coast Guard, Arnie would tear up at the sound of the Star-Spangled Banner with admiration, pride, and love for his Nation. He worked hard to get where he was. It was not handed to him. Once in the spotlight, some celeb-rities forget their roots, but Arnie never did. He was proud of his humble beginnings. He helped his father, Dea-con Palmer, who worked as a greenskeeper for Latrobe Country Club, by mowing lawns and driving tractors. Arnie was never afraid of get-ting his hands dirty. In fact, he contin-ued this work all the way up, even sell-ing paint just before he turned pro. Some feel no sense of loyalty to their team or sport, enamored by their own fame and the big paycheck, but Arnie was fiercely loyal. A contract was a handshake. Your word was a contract based on that handshake, not a piece of paper. His lifetime relationship with his manager was set with that hand-shake, and Arnie never wavered from it. Playing golf with Arnie is an unfor-gettable experience not just as a pro, but for those of us lucky enough to play a round. He made you feel like it was the best part of his day. He never failed to give you his gentle smile or words of encouragement. Even when he teased you in a good-natured way, you cherished every word he said. He made the game fun to play no matter how well or how bad you were playing. A few years ago, Jim Leland, the leg-endary manager of the Pittsburgh Pi-rates and Detroit Tigers, was playing with Arnie during an all-star break. On what Leland describes as ‘‘the greatest day of my life,’’ the two played at Lau-rel Valley. After shooting a respectable 41 on the front nine, Jim’s game began to fade away on the back nine. Perhaps he hooked or sliced a few, and perhaps he let out a few colorful words in exas-peration. But Arnie sensed Jim’s game was unraveling and walked over to offer him the best golf advice ever. I imagine if any of us have had the opportunity to get a golf lesson from the king, we would feel in that moment that the wind would stop, the clouds would part, perhaps a shaft of light would stream down from the sun, the trees might even lean in a little to lis-ten. But in that moment, Arnie put his arm around Jim and said: ‘‘Enjoy the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.000 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6006 September 28, 2016 
day. You’re not good enough to get mad.’’ That is the best golf advice ever. Not just great golf advice, it is great advice for life. Enjoy the days God gives you. Don’t waste them on being angry. And maybe that is one of the reasons we will miss this man. He had a way of telling tens of millions to believe in yourself, to respect others, to face challenges, to demonstrate courage and respect, and to always show dignity in defeat and restraint in victory. Arnie claimed he did so well not just because he wanted to win, but because he hated to lose. And so it is today with us. We hate to lose you, Arnie. You made us feel we could all be better and that loving the game was the best of all. We will miss you. 
f 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN SAM FARR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last night, several hundred people gathered to wish S
AMFARRfarewell to his congressional career, celebrating a half century of public service. S
AMstarted in the Peace Corps, vol-unteering in Colombia in the sixties. He was active as a local government of-ficial, and in the California State legis-lature and finally 23 years in Congress. He came by his calling honestly. He was born on the Fourth of July. Son of Fred Farr, a State senator and a Johnson administration official, S
AM has been dedicated to the widest range of issues of anybody I have worked with in my years in Congress. He has worked on issues of livable commu-nities, transportation, land use plan-ning, and healthy agriculture. He took very seriously the fact that he rep-resented California’s ‘‘salad bowl.’’ He has been a leader in marijuana reform, with the famous Farr-Rohrabacher amendment slapping the Federal Gov-ernment’s hands back from interfering with medical marijuana. You know, there is a movie from 1983 with Woody Allen. In ‘‘Zelig,’’ this kind of nebbish chameleon-like person showed up everywhere in all of these important events in the twenties and thirties. Well, S
AMhas sort of that characterization. Although, unlike a nebbish or chameleon, S
AMwas bold, he was infectious, he was warm, but he was everywhere in the course of the last 20 years. Just this last year alone, we saw the unprecedented oceans protections that were implemented by the Obama ad-ministration. S
AMFARR’s fingerprints are all over that act, working for 20 years on oceans protections as the major oceans advocate in Congress. S
AMwas in Cuba with President Obama as we opened up relations with that island after a half century of iso-lation. He has been on the right side of that issue from the beginning. Luckily, he was able to be there. He has been honored by the nation of Colombia, where he served as a Peace Corps volunteer. Last weekend, SAM was there with Secretary Kerry, cele-brating the peace accords that brought an end to that tortuous conflict. You know, people complain about Congress being too partisan, too grid-locked. It is true. But for 23 years, S
AM F
ARRhas shown that no matter who is in charge or how bad it gets, a smart person with a big heart, a great staff, persistence, and passion can make amazing things happen. He has given many gifts to his constituents and to the Nation, but one gift may be over-arching, if people here take seriously, is his example of how to be a Congress-man. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR’S OVERTIME RULE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Some Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. This bipartisan legislation offers a responsible solution to the U.S. De-partment of Labor’s overtime rule that would jeopardize the ability for small businesses, nonprofits, and colleges to maintain current operations and good- paying career jobs. H.R. 6094, which I have cosponsored, would require a 6-month delay in the effective date of the DOL overtime rule. No, this isn’t the outright repeal of the overtime rule that I, along with many others, have called for, but it is a practical step towards helping those organizations take steps to mitigate the impact of this regulation. Without passage of H.R. 6094, the overtime rule will take effect in 2 months. This is simply not enough time to allow affected employers and employees an opportunity to adjust and prepare for the adverse economic consequences. Over 10 million workers, including many in my home State of Pennsyl-vania, will be impacted. Companies will be forced to shift employees from salary to hourly pay, nonprofits will have to cut back on critical services, employees may lose the opportunity to work remotely, while seeing fewer op-portunities for career development. Our employers need fewer adminis-trative costs and compliance burdens, not more. Employees deserve flexi-bility and autonomy and the oppor-tunity to build successful careers. How-ever, these regulations, no matter how well intended, would drain our econ-omy and hurt the very people they are attempting to help. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6094. DON’T PUNISH TAXPAYERS  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 954, the CO-OP Consumer Protection Act, which would provide temporary relief from ObamaCare’s individual mandate for Americans directly im-pacted by failed ObamaCare CO-OPs. At the outset of this law, 23 CO-OPs provided insurance options for enroll-ees in 25 States. However, nearly 2 years later, we have learned that a ma-jority—17 of them—have failed. The reason for the failure has been pain-fully obvious. The ACA manipulated insurance markets and created CO-OPs as a means to establish government- managed competition. The cost of this ill-fated attempt at market manipulation has been borne by the American public. Over $1 billion of hard-earned taxpayer dollars were sunk into failed CO-OPs. Worse, for American consumers who enrolled in a failed CO-OP, they did not just lose their health coverage, but due to an-other glitch in the law, these individ-uals may be forced to pay the IRS a tax penalty for failing to have adequate health coverage under the individual mandate. Mr. Speaker, these individuals should not be penalized for the failings of the law. That is why I rise to explain my support of H.R. 954. This is a common-sense solution to provide temporary re-lief to those individuals affected by the failed CO-OPs. This legislation states simply that if you lose your health coverage midterm due to a failed CO-OP, then you should not be forced to pay a 2016 tax penalty for lacking health coverage. Put sim-ply, to allow this law to harm those in-dividuals who lost their health cov-erage at no fault of their own is unac-ceptable. I thank my colleagues for their ac-tion on this bill. 
SUPPORTING WATER INFRASTRUCTURE  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5303, the Water Resources Development Act, or WRDA for short. I supported this legislation in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in May, as it would authorize infrastructure projects important to my district, Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District, as well as across the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania and, indeed, across the country. If passed, WRDA would include a re-view of projects to enhance ecosystem restoration and water supply along the Delaware River Basin, including at the Blue Marsh Lake. Locks and dams in Pennsylvania would also be eligible for reconstruction. Finally, WRDA would authorize an expedited study for a navigation project along the upper Ohio River in Pennsylvania. Projects included in WRDA support jobs and keep businesses and homes protected by providing critical over-sight of our water infrastructure so that our country remains safe, produc-tive, and competitive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.002 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6007 September 28, 2016 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
HYDE AMENDMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the Hyde amendment, which, for too long, has been denying women their constitu-tional right to access safe and legal abortion. Mr. Speaker, restrictions on abortion do not make it go away. They make it less safe. For the last 40 years, the Hyde amendment has created an often insurmountable barrier for women across the country struggling to access affordable health care because it pro-hibits Medicaid coverage for abortion. It disproportionately affects low-in-come women: young women, immi-grant women, women of color, women in rural communities. In fact, more than half the women who have their rights restricted by the Hyde amend-ment are women of color. It is long past time to do away with this harmful provision, which has been expanded over the years to deny cov-erage to Federal employees and their dependents, our military servicemem-bers, Native Americans, and even Peace Corps volunteers. b1015 Restricting Medicaid coverage of abortion means that about one in four low-income women carry to term an unwanted pregnancy. That is not a de-cision the government should make for women. There are many things that Congress should be doing, but one thing we should not be doing is inter-fering with a woman’s constitutional right. So what should we be doing? We should be supporting policies that pre-vent unwanted pregnancies, like fund-ing Planned Parenthood; and we should also pass the EACH Woman Act to lift the coverage ban that stands in the way of too many women who have the right to make their own decisions about what is best for them and their families. Two generations of women have been affected by the Hyde amendment over the last four decades. Let’s end this policy and let each woman be able to do what is best for herself and her fam-ily. 
f 
HONORING SPECIALIST JONATHAN R. KEPHART The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, over this past weekend people in Oil City, Venango County, lo-cated in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District, joined to honor an American hero. On April 8, 2004, Specialist Jonathan Kephart was killed in Iraq after his convoy patrol was ambushed outside of Baghdad. Kephart was credited with protecting his fellow soldiers by laying down fire against hundreds of enemy fighters, even after being wounded twice. He was the first soldier from Venango County killed in Iraq or Af-ghanistan. Last Saturday, the Petroleum Street Bridge in Oil City was named after Spe-cialist Kephart, and September 24 was declared Jonathan R. Kephart Memo-rial Day in Oil City. I want to commend the efforts of ev-eryone who worked to make this a re-ality, including State Representative Lee James, who authored and led the effort to pass the bill that made this distinction possible, earning unani-mous approval in the Pennsylvania State House and Senate. It is my hope that, because of this memorial to Specialist Kephart, his bravery and his sacrifice will live on in the hearts and the minds of the people in Oil City and Venango County for generations to come. f 
PROMESA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, there is an important meeting in the Finan-cial District of New York City, right in the heart of stock traders, the invest-ment banks, and the bond buyers and sellers who trade in the debt of compa-nies, countries, and municipalities. Right there in the nerve center of our financial market, they are holding a meeting. Is it a meeting about Wells Fargo opening up thousands of accounts with-out the knowledge or consent of their customers? No, nothing like that. Nor anything related to the financial melt-down that our country is still recov-ering from that started right there. Nope. This is the first meeting of the Puer-to Rico financial control board, the junta de control, that has supreme power to rule over Puerto Rico. Now, in case there is any confusion with the geography, New York City has a lot of Puerto Ricans, but it is not, in fact, the capital of Puerto Rico. My staff checked. San Juan is still the cap-ital of Puerto Rico. No, the meeting of the junta de con-trol that has dominion over all aspects of the Puerto Rican people is not meet-ing in Puerto Rico. The meeting is tak-ing place pretty close to Wall Street, which, I think, is symbolic of the way the junta de control over Puerto Rico came about. It is a very bad omen for the future. Let me explain. There are seven people—not elected, but appointed—who oversee every as-pect of Puerto Rico’s governance. Four are Republican nominees, there are three Democrats, and there is one non-voting member of the junta. Several of the members of the Puerto Rico junta de control appear to have deep ties to Wall Street, where you can find many of the bondholders who trad-ed and profited off Puerto Rico’s $72 billion in debt. Judge Juan R. Torruella, the first Hispanic appointed by Ronald Reagan to the prestigious U.S. First Circuit Court of Appeals summed it up pretty well. He said to the Colegio de Abogados, the Puerto Rican Bar Asso-ciation, that: ‘‘The principal purpose of PROMESA is to establish a collection agency for bondholders.’’ The person who is rumored to be the executive director of the junta de con-trol is a big-time corporate energy lob-byist. He is the former head of the Cen-ter for Liquefied Natural Gas, a trade association of energy producers, which makes everyone concerned about Puer-to Rico’s environment nervous—with good reason. So holding the first meeting in Lower Manhattan confirms to Puerto Ricans that the junta de control is by, for, and about the bondholders and corporate interests on Wall Street. So I consider the junta meeting on Friday as a home-court game. The board will elect their chairman on Friday. Yeah, they are going to elect a chairman. Kind of ironic be-cause they are electing the chairman to an unelected board because, well, de-mocracy is good for some people—just not the people of Puerto Rico. We have been told that members of the control board met secretly in Washington last week at the Treasury offices. Whether this is actually the first meeting of the control board is in great doubt. And all of this raises the bigger prob-lem of transparency. There isn’t any. Under the law, this group can meet in secret anywhere in the world, and their proceedings can be conducted in execu-tive session. The board members can receive un-limited and unreported gifts, meals, even tickets to Hamilton and anything else, and we will never know. The scan-dal is coming. They are under no obli-gation to translate anything into Spanish, which, in case you forgot, is the language of the people that they are to control. I will say, to their credit, that, after I wrote to each member of the control board and asked for a public commit-ment to transparency, a few of them wrote back. None of them made a pub-lic commitment to transparency, but a few acknowledged that keeping Puerto Ricans informed, making the meetings publicly accessible, and translating materials in the language of the people being governed were good principles. It remains to be seen whether anyone on the junta de control really fights to inform the people of Puerto Rico, real-ly sets up to be a champion for the schoolteachers and the doctors and the moms and the dads who are struggling, and the firemen, and the policemen who serve the people of Puerto Rico and are heroes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.003 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6008 September 28, 2016 
And it is unclear that this control board will step up on behalf of the Puerto Rican people and make creating jobs, creating more jobs and creating more jobs the number one priority of the junta. That is the way we create a tax base for Puerto Rico. That is the way we give puertoriquenos a viable option to live and work in Puerto Rico rather than moving to Florida or some other State. So, Mr. Speaker, as we leave Wash-ington this week and head home for the great exercise in American democracy in November, I want all of us to keep in mind that the island of Puerto Rico, our colony in the Caribbean Sea, is a place that now, more than ever, only dreams of true democracy. 
f 
COMMENDING EDEN DETENTION CENTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with concerns about a recently issued memo from the Department of Justice to the Acting Director of the Bureau of Prisons directing the non-renewal or reduction of contracts with private detention facilities. I strongly disagree with this policy change, as private prisons play a critical role in our current Federal Bureau of Prisons system. One facility in particular, the Eden Detention Center, located in Texas’ 11th District, is an excellent example of a private prison operating in an effi-cient, effective, secure, and safe man-ner for both the community and those incarcerated. Let me take a moment to brag about these constituents. The American Correctional Associa-tion has awarded the Eden Detention facility a 100 percent score on their mandatory requirements, and a 99.08 percent score on nonmandatory re-quirements. These are undoubtedly phenomenal rankings by any measure, and the Eden facility meets these high standards at considerably lower costs than similar Federal facilities. Eden is more than a detention facil-ity; it is a rehabilitation center. The Bureau of Prisons has long placed sig-nificance on rehabilitating those incar-cerated, directing facilities to invest in the lives of their inmates. The goal—to turn individuals from a life of crime to contributing members of society—is at the center of the Eden facility’s mis-sion. It is this responsibility for one’s fel-low man that the people of Eden under-stand and put into practice daily, pro-viding inmates with extensive training, educational services, and recreation, all for the purpose of improving life after incarceration. The Eden facility has partnered with many civic and charitable organiza-tions in the surrounding community to support this goal. As a result, the cen-ter is able to provide many vocational, computer, and life skills training op-portunities, as well as educational op-portunities for basic adult education, English language training, GED, a full library, a law library, and much more. The Bureau of Prisons takes extreme pride—and rightfully so—in a strong value system that includes, but is not limited to, respect, integrity, service, safety for all parties, successful reha-bilitation, and exceptional staff and operations. I am proud to report that Eden and the greater community not only meet these core values, but they share them as well. f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, Americans everywhere are tired of reading headlines about mass shoot-ings. What happened in Orlando in June broke all our hearts, and we have felt similar outrage about the shooting in Houston this week. But while inci-dents like this command headlines, we forget just how frequent shootings have become. In New York City, already this year, there have been 897 shooting victims. According to Gun Violence Archive, which tracks shootings daily across the United States, there have been 10,717 gun-related deaths this year and more than 22,000 injuries, and it is only Sep-tember. There are steps this Congress could take to help stem this violence. Will any one solution stop gun violence completely? Of course not. There are anywhere from 270 million to 310 mil-lion guns in the United States, close to one firearm for every man, woman and child. So we will not solve this problem overnight. But there are some steps we could take, steps that Republicans con-tinue blocking. First, it makes no sense that if you cannot legally get on an airplane, you can still purchase a firearm. If you are prohibited from flying, you shouldn’t be buying a gun. That is just common sense. Now, some on the other side of the aisle like to drag up an incident or two where someone was incorrectly placed on the no-fly list. If that is the case, I will say, let’s also fix the no-fly list. But we cannot use this as an excuse to do nothing. That is what the NRA and the gun manufacturing lobby want Congress to do—nothing. Second, for 10 years, this Nation used to have an assault weapon ban. Presi-dent Bush let that law expire. We need to reinstate it. Third, we need a universal system of background checks, something that 87 percent of the American public sup-ports. Mr. Speaker, there are other, tougher steps I would like to see implemented. I have legislation that will invest in community organizations that combat gun violence. My bill will also help stop the flow of stolen guns into New York City and hold accountable gun owners who lose their guns and irre-sponsibly do not report them missing. For now, there are three basic steps we should take immediately to help re-duce this epidemic. Yet Republicans can barely fund the government, let alone take on difficult problems like these. Let me make one last observation, Mr. Speaker. The American people are watching on this issue. If Republicans are in such a hurry to get back to your districts, I promise, you will hear from your constituents on this issue. We are all tired of tragedies like Or-lando and what happened in Houston this week, and we are also outraged by the daily shootings that do not make national news but still shatter fami-lies. The American people are watching. They are telling the Republican leader-ship: ‘‘Do your job. Do your job with funding to address Zika. Do your job with money for Flint. And do your job to address the tragedy of gun vio-lence.’’ 
f 
ICANN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) for 5 minutes. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, it was re-cently revealed that 500 million Yahoo email accounts were hacked in 2014, making it the largest data breach in U.S. history. Even more troubling is the fact that the perpetrators have been reported to be state-sponsored ac-tors, with China and Russia among the likely suspects. Yet, in the face of such vulnerabili-ties, President Obama wants to give the Chinese and Russian Governments more control over how the Internet op-erates. The President has even prom-ised to shut down the Federal Govern-ment budget so that he can meet his goal of giving away a portion of Amer-ica’s control over the Internet to these foreign governments by October 1, 2016. b1030 Rushing headlong to meet an arbi-trary date to hand over our Internet control is incredibly foolish. In fact, it is stupid. No one rewards a criminal for their criminal acts, but that is exactly what the President’s policy does. Sadly, it is yet another example of how this administration has sacrificed U.S. leadership and values across the world to advance a reckless agenda. The policies from this administration have only led to America losing stand-ing and influence across the globe on a wide range of fronts—and it must end. Our adversaries have become bolder, taking advantage of the vacuum of leadership created by the pulling back of U.S. leadership. The forces of extre-mism, violence, totalitarianism, and criminal enterprises have filled the void, and the American people are suf-fering as a result. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.005 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6009 September 28, 2016 
The disastrous nuclear deal with Iran is a very good example. It has not only failed to curtail the Iranian regime’s plans to develop nuclear weapons, it has also resulted in a ransom payment of $1.7 billion for four Americans who were being held illegally by Iran. This display of weakness has only emboldened the largest state sponsor of international terrorism. It has pro-vided Iran with over $1 billion to fund terrorism, enhance its illegal ballistic missile development programs, and ramp up its aggression against U.S. military forces. President Reagan warned us: ‘‘Weak-ness, after all, is a temptation—it tempts the pugnacious to assert them-selves—but strength is a declaration that cannot be misunderstood. Strength is a condition that declares actions have consequences. Strength is a prudent warning to the belligerent that aggression need not go unan-swered.’’ Whenever this administration pulls back, the belligerent have happily stepped in to fill the void. That is why we must reject this latest effort to re-linquish U.S. leadership over the Inter-net. The excessive hacking encouraged by the Governments of Russia, China, and others should not be rewarded. We must stand up to these dangerous ac-tors and put the safety, security, and interests of the United States first. Simply put, Russia and China cannot be trusted with a larger role in the op-eration of the Internet. We have a duty to block the President’s foolish and reckless Internet giveaway before it goes into effect October 1, 2016. It will further cede more control to our adversaries and weaken America’s influence on the international stage. Stopping this giveaway must be in-cluded in this year’s spending bill. It is absolutely critical that Congress takes action. 
f 
SAN JACINTO RIVER WASTE PITS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker and Members, I rise to an-nounce that later today the Environ-mental Protection Agency will issue its final plan to clean up the San Jacinto River Waste Pits, a Superfund site in eastern Harris County, Texas. The communities of eastern Harris County, especially Channelview and Highlands, have fought for a decade to ensure that toxic waste that was dumped alongside the San Jacinto River 50 years ago will be fully re-moved and permanently protect our children and our children’s children from the dangers found at the site. I thank the EPA and Region 6 for its hard work and diligence on this very important issue for our community. I would also like to thank the commu-nity members and local officials who have fought to clean up the site and en-sure our community is made whole. Mr. Speaker, I am looking forward to EPA’s announcement today. f 
THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of my constituents to express my outrage about the White House’s ransom payment to Iran. On January 17, 2016, the Obama ad-ministration announced that it would give the Islamic Republic of Iran a total of $1.7 billion to settle a 1979 arms deal. However, they failed to announce that, the day before, the administra-tion had delivered an advance payment in cash of $400 million in unmarked bills to Iran in exchange for four Amer-ican hostages. In fact, the American people did not learn that the White House had made this secret ransom payment at all until this past August. The Obama administration’s decision to violate our Nation’s own historic policy against ransom payments has established a frightening precedent for the future. The President’s willingness to bend to Iran’s demands and use un-marked bills demonstrates to the world a fundamental weakness that emboldens our enemies while ceding to the demands of state sponsors of ter-rorism. American soldiers, diplomats, and citizens living and traveling abroad are less safe this year than they were last year. And global beliefs and percep-tions of American leadership and inten-tions—among our allies and, more dis-astrously, among the bad actors in the world—have been forever altered. Indeed, Iran is already celebrating its leverage over the United States. One commander of an Iranian Revolu-tionary Guard militia exulted that ‘‘taking this much money back was in return for the release of the American spies.’’ Since the January ransom payment, Iran has, unsurprisingly, arrested addi-tional Americans. The American peo-ple deserve answers about why the President felt it was acceptable to give nearly $2 billion to radical extremists supporting terrorism across the Middle East and beyond. That is why this month I interro-gated officials at a Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations hearing. My colleagues and I questioned the timing of the secret payment, the White House’s insidious and foolish de-cision to use unmarked bills, and im-plications on terrorism in the region. But the administration refused to an-swer my simple questions that would give Americans the answers they de-serve. Instead, officials said they could only share information behind closed doors. I took them up on that offer, and I and my colleagues had that 2-hour- long, closed-door, classified meeting. After that briefing, I am now more cer-tain than ever, Mr. Speaker, that the Obama administration paid an irre-sponsible and dangerous ransom to Iran. Why is the Obama administration so desperate to cover up the details of its ransom payment from the American people? The White House has made a reckless national security decision to bend en-tirely to the demands of Iran without assurances that Iran would not use this money for its military. Keep in mind that the Iranian mili-tary blatantly funds Hezbollah and other terrorist organizations. Shockingly, the administration told me publicly that, even if they had re-ceived assurances from Iran, they wouldn’t have trusted the country to keep its promises. Why, then, would we have given $400 million in unmarked bills to the world’s leading state sponsor of ter-rorism? Why would the Obama admin-istration accommodate and fund a for-eign military that funds terrorism around the world? Why didn’t the White House write le-gally binding restrictions on the use of the money into the settlement agree-ment? Why did we agree to the settle-ment with a state sponsor of terrorism in the first place? The entire $1.7 billion was reportedly transferred to the Iranian military to fund a 90 percent increase in Iran’s military budget. This is public infor-mation, and the Obama administration dismissively pretends that no one can use the Internet. The Obama administration’s gift to the Iranian military is a disgrace to America’s allies in the Middle East, es-pecially to Israel. It is a degradation of America’s counterterrorism efforts and geopolitical leadership. It is a failure to protect Americans abroad and the new prisoners who have been detained in Iran. As a member of this free Nation’s as-sembly of the people, I will hold our President accountable for his deception and negligence and will work to reverse this dangerous precedent that this ad-ministration has made for the future of our country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded not to engage in per-sonalities toward the President. 
f 
MACADAMIA TREE HEALTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, when most people think of Hawaii, my home State, they immediately think of our beautiful beaches, mountains, vistas, and wonderful people and culture, and they dream about when they might come and visit our home State. This contributes, no doubt, to our tourism industry being the major driver of our economy in Hawaii. But, along with our beautiful year- round climate comes a great oppor-tunity for our agriculture industry. In fact, most people are not aware that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.007 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6010 September 28, 2016 
agriculture is the third largest indus-try in our State, accounting for over $2.9 billion of our annual economy and at least 42,000 jobs, according to our State Department of Agriculture. So, like States all across the country, we are working within government and the private sector to diversify and strengthen our economy, specifically our agriculture sector. However, one of the greatest threats that we are seeing in Hawaii and across the country to agriculture are invasive species. The macadamia felted coccid is one of more than 4,300 invasive species that threaten our agriculture industry. In Hawaii alone, the invasive species costs our local farmers, landowners, and ag industry millions of dollars every year and puts hundreds of our local small farms and thousands of local workers and the future of one of our most important crops at risk. Just last month, I had the chance to visit multiple farms on Hawaii island in my district, an island that produces 80 percent of Hawaii’s world-renowned macadamia nuts that are shipped and sold all around the world. I heard one story after another from our farmers about how this tiny, invasive insect is destroying farms and threatening live-lihoods that really bring many of our communities together. At just one of these more than 620 macadamia grow-ing farms in Hawaii, this insect de-stroyed 500,000 pounds of macadamia nuts in just 1 year. Like most things, you can’t fix a problem that you don’t fully under-stand. Very little is known about this invasive pest—from its lifecycle to its seasonal pattern to its basic vulnera-bilities—that directly impacts our abil-ity to fight back. That is why I have introduced the macadamia tree health initiative today. My bill would authorize much-needed research and development to combat the macadamia felted coccid and estab-lish an area-wide integrated pest man-agement plan in areas badly affected by this invasive pest. For years, these pest management plans have helped farmers across the country manage invasive pests in a sustainable, envi-ronmentally friendly, and cost-effec-tive way. My bill would build off this pattern of success by bringing together local stakeholders, researchers, and other key players as we search for com-prehensive solutions to keep the maca-damia felted coccid and other invasive species from destroying our local farms and this important part of our domes-tic agriculture industry. In Hawaii, our macadamia nut indus-try employs thousands of people and is the economic lifeblood to many of our rural communities. Their jobs, their livelihood, and the vitality of our agri-culture industry are at stake if we fail to act. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and empower our Nation’s agriculture industry to fight back against these invasive harmful pests. PERMANENT, FOREVER WARS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. W
AGNER ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UN-
CAN) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I am now the only Republican remaining in Congress who voted against going to war in Iraq. For about 3 or 4 years, that was probably the most unpopular vote I ever cast. But slowly, slowly it became so that now probably it is the most popular vote I ever cast, because the American people do not want forever, permanent wars. So, Madam Speaker, you can under-stand why I was very interested in two very recent columns that I read. Adam Walinsky wrote in the Sep-tember 21 Politico Magazine that he was a lifelong Democrat, former aid to John Kennedy, and former speech-writer for Robert Kennedy. He wrote, though, that he will be voting Repub-lican in the Presidential race this year. He said: ‘‘But today’s Democrats have become the Party of War: a home for arms merchants, mercenaries, aca-demic war planners, lobbyists for every foreign intervention, promoters of color revolutions, failed generals . . .’’ b1045 He added that ‘‘Our first answer to trouble or opposition of any kind seems always to be a military movement or action.’’ He wrote that Secretary Clinton, un-like the Kennedy brothers, has not sought peace, but ‘‘instead she has pushed America into successive inva-sions, successive efforts at ‘regime change.’’’ Perhaps worst of all, according to Walinsky, ‘‘Her shadow War Cabinet brims with the architects of war and disaster for the past decades, the neocons who led us to our present pass, in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Libya, Yemen, in Ukraine, unrepentant of all past errors, ready to resume it all with fresh trillions and fresh blood.’’ Also, in yesterday’s Washington Times, Jed Babbin, a former Deputy Secretary of Defense in the administra-tion of the first George Bush, said the second George Bush made a terrible mistake allowing the neocons to lead him into nation building in the Middle East after he had spoken so strongly against such nation building when he was running for President. Secretary Babbin wrote that Islam is incompat-ible with democracy, and Iraq and Af-ghanistan—and I suppose these other countries where we are still sending troops—will go back the way they al-ways have been when we leave, whether we stay 6 more months or 60 more years. George Will wrote that the neocons were magnificently misnamed and real-ly were the most radical people in Washington. These neocons have caused many thousands of young Americans to be killed or maimed for life. They should be ashamed, but they seem to have no shame. The American people, Madam Speak-er, I repeat, do not want permanent, forever wars. They want to do what-ever it takes to win wars, get them over with, and go back to days of peace and prosperity. 
f 
REMEMBERING BATTALION CHIEF MICHAEL FAHY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, yester-day there was an explosion in my dis-trict and yesterday New York City lost one of its bravest: FDNY Battalion Chief Michael Fahy, a 17-year veteran of the department and a father of three. He was a resident of Yonkers, New York, in my district, and a con-stituent of mine as well. Fahy was responding to a house fire when the building exploded, taking Battalion Chief Fahy’s life and wound-ing nine others, including another fire-fighter, seven NYPD officers, and one electrical worker. Thanks to these brave first responders, nobody else was hurt. Every New Yorker mourns this loss today. Battalion Chief Fahy was a sec-ond-generation firefighter. His family’s example is a reminder of the courage and dedication that the FDNY exempli-fies. We honor Battalion Chief Fahy and his family for their service and their sacrifice. I want to send along my per-sonal prayers, thoughts, and condo-lences to his wife, his children, and the rest of his family. He may be gone, but he will never be forgotten. Today and forever more, we will mourn his loss. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL FRANCIS D. FAULCONER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The Chair recog-nizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a decorated World War II Army liaison, an accomplished radio and television broadcaster, and my be-loved great uncle, retired Lieutenant Colonel Francis D. Faulconer. Soon after graduating from Lafay-ette High School in Lexington, Ken-tucky, Frank Faulconer enlisted in the United States Army in 1943 and was de-ployed to Europe in the Liaison G3 sec-tion of the first United States Army. In this capacity, he traveled with Combat Command A of the 3rd Army Spearhead Division from Meaux, France, to Rottgen, Germany. He earned five Bronze Stars for his service in Normandy, northern France; Rhineland, Central Europe; and the Ardennes. He additionally was awarded the Distinguished Service Award for helping to escort the reserve elements of the Combat Command, at night, from the rear to the forward elements of the battle line. In 1946, Faulconer enrolled at the University of Kentucky under the GI 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.009 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6011 September 28, 2016 
Bill and earned a degree in oratory. He got his first start in broadcasting after he accepted a part-time job at radio station WKLX, where he became the station’s official announcer to broad-cast the Big Bands from 1948 to 1949 from Joyland Dance Casino. In 1950, Faulconer joined the Officers’ Reserve Corps, where he eventually re-tired from the Army Reserve in 1974 with the rank of lieutenant colonel. Faulconer continued his broadcasting career by joining the WKYT Channel 27 news team in Lexington, where he be-came the station’s first weatherman. He later transferred to Channel 36, where his career soared as a TV and weather broadcaster until 1986. There, he developed a reputation for having a melodious baritone voice with a color-ful and entertaining style in delivering the daily weather forecast. Faulconer then became radio station WKQQ’s first weatherman, where he be-came known as Fearless Frank Faulconer, and known for his Fearless Frank’s Five Day Forecasts until he retired in 2001. During Faulconer’s long and illus-trious career, he received various awards both nationally and locally for his unique approach to weather broad-casting. This year, on his 93rd birthday, June 16 was declared Frank Faulconer Day by the city of Lexington, Kentucky, honoring his years of service on radio, television, and as a World War II vet-eran. I am proud of Lieutenant Colonel Faulconer’s service to this country and for the many years of weather broad-casting. He has truly helped keep mil-lions of Americans safe both at home and abroad. We recognize his service to our country, this true patriot and in-spiration to us all. 
f 
END SENSELESS GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, I rise to acknowledge the brave Houstonians’ law enforcement from many different jurisdictions who came to the aid of nine individuals who were shot randomly by a shooter in the last couple of days in Houston in a south-west shopping center, a place where many go for groceries, visit small busi-nesses, and do their daily business, where many people are at work. Out of nowhere came a shooter whose home was ultimately investigated, where many items of military apparel and a load of guns were there to provide fear, I guess, in his decision to go on a shooting rampage after having a calm dinner with his family the night before. This was an attorney, and our law en-forcement are still investigating. My appreciation to the work and the de-tailed work that they are doing, and as well my appreciation and applause for the resiliency of Houstonians who came to the aid of their neighbors. Then those who are recovering, I ex-press my concern. But we will draw to-gether and find a way to end this sense-less violence and to begin to heal this Nation. RUSSIA IS IMPACTING AND ATTEMPTING TO  
UNDERMINE THE FABRIC OF DEMOCRACY  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise as well to make it very clear that we do not have to speculate as we begin to see unfolding the Russian hacking of a number of governmental entities and, yes, the Democratic National Com-mittee, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and many oth-ers. There is no doubt that Russia is im-pacting and attempting to undermine the very fabric of democracy in this country. Now, I believe that we should engage with all nations the values of this Nation of democracy. The rights of freedom, a Declaration of Independence that guarantees unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness are wonderful values, and we should not be afraid to engage with despotic regimes who disagree with us—Russia being one. We should be alert and realize that, as we go into this election process, every well-informed citizen should be able to see something and say some-thing. All of our law enforcement and intelligence community should be sen-sitive to the possible destruction and undermining of our democratic process. Today it has been announced and de-termined that Russia did have some-thing to do with the downing of that flight over Ukraine. How sad for those families and how hurting for the people of Ukraine to be able to know that they, as a sovereign nation, in a time that one would be advocating for peace and living harmoniously with their neighbors—that their very large neigh-bor, in addition to taking Crimea, would also be threatening their skies and their people. This is serious. The electoral political system that we have come to depend upon requires us to be diligent without ceasing that every vote of every American is count-ed. However they vote, there should be no aftermath of a foreign entity having hacked into any process that would deny America her precious right to vote and the decision on those who will serve them and certainly the Presi-dency of the United States. Let no can-didate be so close to the Russian appa-ratus that we do not follow the trail and investigate wherever it is nec-essary to ensure the sanctity of that process. Let me also say that it is important, as this Congress begins to deal with the confusion of the continuing resolution, that it be noted that we have not ad-dressed the question of gun violence, ending gun violence, closing the loop-hole that is so important in a back-ground check that allows people to get guns because they get it without the background check being completed; or in the issue of terrorism, that those who are on the terrorist watch list have random access to buying guns. Simple legislation that could be passed. I think it is crucial in America that we do so because the violence has many roots—housing, health care, pov-erty—but certainly it has the tool, and that is guns. That is automatic weap-ons like AK–47s and others more so-phisticated. America has a right to the Second Amendment, but the people of America have a right to safety and the preven-tion of gun violence in their commu-nity. 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me also talk about Houston, Texas, and the tax day floods. It is important that the CR covers the floods of Houston and covers Baton Rouge, as well as the water crisis in Flint. Let us do what the American people ask us to come here for: to be an umbrella on a rainy day, helping people, coming to their aid, clean water in Flint, providing for the people in Greenspoint, the reim-bursement of the city of Houston, and helping the people of Baton Rouge get on their feet. Let us help America as we should. 
f 
OBAMACARE IS FALLING APART The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, this has been an interesting week for many of my constituents in Tennessee. Over 100,000 Tennesseeans were forced— 100,000 Tennesseeans were forced off their healthcare plan. They did nothing wrong. It is not their fault. What has happened is another of the Affordable Care Act’s—or ObamaCare, as we call it—providers has said: Guess what. This is too expensive to offer a product. And they have exited the market-place. Now, what we are seeing is exactly what we in Tennessee told you would happen with ObamaCare. Why? Because in Tennessee, we were the test case back in the midnineties for Hillary Clinton’s grand healthcare ex-periment. HillaryCare became TennCare in Tennessee. We knew that a product that was too expensive to afford was not going to be utilized and that eventually providers would drop out of the marketplace, eventually the networks would narrow, and eventually individuals would have a very difficult time accessing health care. b1100 So, through no fault of their own, 100,000 Tennesseeans who are in the Nashville, Memphis, and Knoxville areas are going to find that they have fewer choices in health care. They didn’t get to keep the doctors whom they wanted or liked or had. They didn’t get to keep the healthcare plans that they wanted or liked or had. Cer-tainly, they were not saving $2,500 per 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.010 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6012 September 28, 2016 
family on their health insurance. Quite the opposite has happened. What we have before us now are thousands of Tennesseeans who are going to have to scramble to find health insurance because a product isn’t offered. The costs continue to go up. The choices have begun to be elimi-nated and narrowed. The networks— the physicians you can go to for care— are fewer in number. The hospitals that you have the ability to go into to seek that care are fewer in number. Why is that? It is because the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, as we call it, is too ex-pensive to afford, too expensive to have, too expensive to use, and—yes, indeed—too expensive for the insurance companies that are offering a product. It is time for us—yes, indeed—repeal this—to admit that it was a mistake, to admit, like Tennessee did years ago, that it is too expensive, that it does not work, and to replace it with com-ponents, items, and ideas—many ideas that we have had in this Chamber for years, Mr. Speaker—such as portability with the across-State-line purchase of health insurance, liability reforms, and making certain that individuals can choose an insurance product and then be able to go see physicians where they live. Affordability and access—that is what we need in the marketplace. We continue to push those ideas forward. To our Tennessee neighbors who are finding themselves without a health in-surance option, we understand the plight that exists; and we, again, say it is time to repeal and replace ObamaCare. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 2 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Gene Hemrick, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Washington, D.C., of-fered the following prayer: Lord of Mercy, since the beginning of time You have sustained us with Your heartfelt love and care, a love and care that bonds us in friendship with You, with each other and the world. Lord, may You bless Congress with a loving heart, which, more than any-thing else, has power to touch and move humankind and renew friendly unity that is the crux of America’s strength. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. M
IMI W
ALTERS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, during Breast Cancer Awareness Month, my community in south Flor-ida will be dressing in pink and hosting a myriad of activities to support the millions of women and men who have been afflicted by this terrible disease. With our combined efforts to educate and encourage early detection, we can save lives. A celebration of survivorship, Strides of Miami-Dade, put together by the American Cancer Society, is working toward groundbreaking research and patient services. This wonderful event will be taking place at the Miami Mar-lins Park on October 8. The Florida Breast Cancer Founda-tion will also be hosting its annual Kick Event for Breast Cancer on Octo-ber 13, and that will help advance breast cancer treatment and lab re-search. Mr. Speaker, I encourage everyone in south Florida to participate in these events around our community to sup-port those who are fighting this dis-ease, to honor victims, and to remi-nisce about those whom we have lost to breast cancer. Let us make sure that we can redou-ble our efforts to defeat this terrible disease and continue at full force in order to do it. f 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this chart shows that the ratio of unemployed workers to job openings is at the lowest level since 2001. It shows that, in 2007, before the Great Recession, the ratio was 1.4 unemployed workers for every job opening. Then, during the prior administra-tion, it peaked at a staggering 6.6 un-employed workers to every job opening under former President Bush. Then a whole wave of Democratic policy ini-tiatives took effect, and the ratio began to drop and drop and drop and drop. In our most recent data, which is as of July 2016, the ratio was 1.3 unem-ployed workers to every job opening. I think we can sum up the recovery in 4 words: Thank you, President Obama. 
f 
REMEMBERING KYLER AUSTYN WILLIAMS (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, as I speak, the city of Springdale, Arkan-sas, is remembering the life of 17-year- old Kyler Austyn Williams, a prom-ising young student athlete from Springdale High School who died this past Saturday in a vehicle accident. He was an accomplished athlete, the star on his football team. The night be-fore he died, Kyler caught 10 passes for 268 yards and three touchdowns against a conference opponent. But, Mr. Speak-er, he was also a terrific young man, outstanding student, spiritual leader, role model. Our hearts are broken over his loss, and the entire Third District of Arkan-sas mourns with his parents, Tysha and Rodney Williams; his stepmother, Kimmy; his sisters, Makenzy, Kayden, and Lily; and his brothers, Bralen, Hudsyn, and Parker. Kyler’s death leaves us all with an empty feeling and struggling to cope with such a tragic outcome. And when Springdale High lines up against its crosstown rival, Springdale Har-Ber, on Friday night, number 3 in red won’t be on the field, but he will be on the hearts and minds of those who knew and loved him. May God bless those he leaves be-hind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.012 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6013 September 28, 2016 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF SHIMON PERES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the people of Israel in mourning the loss of Shimon Peres, a statesman, a lover of his country, but a lover of people around the world, one who, in 1976, won a Nobel Peace Prize for laying out one of the unique and important although, unfortunately, short-lived framework for peace. He was one who believed in a two-state so-lution, respected by Israel and its peo-ple, but also the leaders and people around the world. I had the privilege of meeting him on a number of occasions, and I might say that his calm voice was a welcome in-trusion in, sometimes, a world of dis-cord. Although he stood by his nation in time of war, and may, in times of anal-ysis, have many thoughts about his leadership as President and Prime Min-ister, several times, and many other positions, one can say that clearly he loved his country, but he loved the peo-ple of the world and he loved peace. I give my deepest sympathy, again, to the people of Israel, his family and friends. We in the world and, of course, this Nation have lost a dear and be-loved friend who truly believed in peace. 
f 
NEW BOMBSHELLS OF THE CLINTON INVESTIGATION (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on late Friday afternoon, to avoid the American media, the FBI re-leased over 180 pages concerning the 46 interviews of investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails. The Daily Caller has provided ‘‘12 Biggest Bombshells in FBI’s Clinton Investigation Notes.’’ A few of the most notable include: Obama’s top negotiator for the dan-gerous Iranian Nuclear Deal may have had her private email hacked. She also admitted to using her private email to conduct government business. Secretary Clinton’s lawyer asked about a computer technician to wipe out computer data in 2013. President Obama emailed Ms. Clin-ton at least 18 times while claiming he did not know she had an email server, which are now kept secret. The State Department computer technician was against housing Clin-ton’s server in her basement. These are just four of the revelations of the investigation. It is clear that Secretary Clinton’s actions displayed a lack of judgment, putting American families at risk of attack. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. ENDING HYDE AMENDMENT (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, for over 40 years the Hyde amendment has been the flagship in the assault on a woman’s constitu-tional right to an abortion. Because of Hyde, a low-income woman is able to use her Medicaid for her healthcare needs, but not in one area—abortion. In effect, a woman on Medicaid who faces this tough decision may be forced to forgo groceries, her utility bills, or her rent just to pay for the procedure. Even worse, she could be driven to a dangerous, back-alley abortion or seek an unlicensed practitioner. And if she cannot find the funds for the procedure and goes on to give birth, she is at greater risk of sliding deeper into pov-erty. That is why I am a cosponsor of the EACH Woman Act, which would ensure that every woman has access to abor-tion coverage, regardless of how much she earns. We must ensure that every American woman can access her con-stitutional right to an abortion. We must end the Hyde amendment. f 
HONORING STAFF SERGEANT MATTHEW THOMPSON (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson of Irvine, who was tragically killed on August 23 while on patrol in Afghani-stan. He enlisted in the Army in March of 2011, and though this was his first de-ployment to Afghanistan, he had also been deployed to Iraq to combat the Is-lamic State. He was awarded over a dozen medals in his military career and was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart Medal. Staff Sergeant Thompson was just 28 years old, and he leaves behind his wife of 5 years, Rachel. Our prayers remain with her, his family, friends, and fellow soldiers. Staff Sergeant Thompson gave every-thing to protect our freedom. It is be-cause of him, because of his service, be-cause of his sacrifice, that we live in the most free nation on Earth. We will always remember this, and we will re-main forever grateful for his selfless sacrifice. 
f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF SHIMON PERES (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep sadness on the pass-ing of former Israeli President and Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Shimon Peres was devoted to the cause of the Jewish state and worked tirelessly to achieve a lasting peace in the Middle East. He was the founding father of the State of Israel and remained, through-out his life, one of its greatest cham-pions. He was the central architect of the Oslo Accords and was respected around the world for his strong leader-ship as Prime Minister and President of Israel. His example should be an in-spiration to us all, as he fought so long for peace. My thoughts are with his family and friends as well as the people of Israel, who have lost a beloved leader. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF AUSTIN CURRY (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of a local hero in my district, Mr. Austin Curry, who passed away on September 18 at the age of 86. Friends remember him as a ‘‘young soul who spent days in prayer or shar-ing his sunny demeanor and faith in prolific Facebook posts.’’ With a full life devoted to God and service to his country, Mr. Curry was an Air Force veteran who served in the Korean war. As a passionate advocate in the el-derly community, Mr. Curry served in leadership roles for the Florida Silver- Haired Legislature, the Hillsborough County Hospital Association, and the Health Council of West Central Flor-ida. He also served as a delegate to the White House’s 2005 Conference on Aging. His accomplishments and the lives he touched will remain in our memories. 
f 
IT IS TIME FOR ACTION TO END BREAST CANCER (Mr. LOEBSACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Accel-erating the End of Breast Cancer Act. Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, and it is esti-mated that, this year, almost a quarter of a million women will be diagnosed with the disease, including, already, a close friend of mine. Thousands of those women live in my home State of Iowa. It is time for action, and passage of the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act is a great next step. This bipartisan bill, which has over 270 co-sponsors, would establish a commission aimed at ending breast cancer by Janu-ary 1, 2020. That commission would look for gaps in the public and private sector where investment is needed and then recommend initiatives and strate-gies to work toward finding a cure for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.015 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6014 September 28, 2016 
breast cancer, discovering the cause, and identifying preventative measures. It is an important bill in the fight against breast cancer, and I am proud to support it. I also want to take a moment to rec-ognize the volunteers of Breast Cancer Deadline 2020 for continuing to advo-cate for these critical issues. 
f 
b1215 BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the month of Octo-ber is quickly approaching. As you know, October is Breast Cancer Aware-ness Month, a time to shed light on a battle many women and men in this Nation have to endure. According to the American Cancer Society, almost 250,000 new cases of invasive breast cancer will have been diagnosed in the United States among women this year. Mr. Speaker, this statistic is heart-breaking. There are very few people who have not been affected by this hor-rific disease. We have already lost too many family members, neighbors, folks in our communities, and friends to the painful fight, the reality that is this disease. In Congress, we must stand by our brave women and men tirelessly fight-ing. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have joined over 270 of my colleagues as a cosponsor of H.R. 1197, the Accel-erating the End of Breast Cancer Act. This critical, bipartisan bill would es-tablish a commission to help end breast cancer by 2020. Through facilitating public-private partnerships, encouraging advance-ments in promising research, and co-ordinating research activities, this commission would help to get us closer to a cure and give patients and families hope. I am here today to honor those who have fought this fight and won, and I am humbled and saddened to remember those who have lost it. Those affected and recovering from breast cancer de-serve to know their elected Represent-atives stand with them. Actions speak louder than words. It is time to make real progress on the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act and finally get the supporting bill signed into law. 
f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF SHIMON PERES (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join the world in mourning the loss of Shimon Peres, former prime minister and president of Israel and one of the country’s last surviving founding fa-thers. Peres dedicated his life to the dif-ficult challenge of establishing a last-ing peace for Israel and its neighbors. He negotiated the landmark Oslo Ac-cords and, in 1994, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work and commitment to ending ongoing vio-lence. Near the end of his presidency, I had the honor of sitting down with Presi-dent Peres at the Peres Center for Peace on a trip to Israel. I was struck by his vision for the future and his commitment to peace no matter what the obstacles. For seven decades, Shimon Peres has been a trusted partner to the United States and helped to forge the unbreak-able alliance between our two coun-tries. Two years ago, we held a ceremony here in the Capitol to award him with the Congressional Gold Medal—the highest civilian award Congress can be-stow and the first to go to a sitting president of Israel. As the world mourns the death of this visionary leader, let us ensure that his legacy lives on and recommit our-selves to a lasting peace for Israel and our entire world. f 
OBAMACARE’S CO-OPS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week the House took action to provide relief to hundreds of thousands of Americans who lost their insurance due to yet another flawed piece of the President’s healthcare law. Despite spending over $2 billion in startup taxpayer money, 17 of ObamaCare’s 23 CO-OPs have collapsed, leaving half a million individuals with-out coverage. This is a double blow for many Amer-icans who were already forced to pur-chase insurance through these CO-OPs after losing their own plans and now are left with two options: either quick-ly find adequate coverage and face pay-ing their deductible twice, or pay a steep penalty at the end of the year— all due to the law’s own failure. Meanwhile, these CO-OPs, sold as a public option feature in ObamaCare, showed warning signs of insolvency since their inception, plagued with flawed business models and inept man-agement. The bill we passed, H.R. 954, simply shields individuals who lost their in-surance as a result of one of these failed CO-OPs from being penalized under the individual mandate through the end of the year. On top of higher premiums, rising costs, and difficulty accessing care, Americans should not be penalized for the outright failure of a program that is preventing compliance. NATIONAL CIVIL RIGHTS MUSEUM CELEBRATES 25TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 25th anniversary of the opening of the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis, Tennessee. The National Civil Rights Museum is lo-cated at the former Lorraine Motel, the site of the tragic assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. From that horrific incident rose from the ashes a phoenix in a wonderful story of the efforts and the achieve-ments of many—both Black and White—to achieve a more perfect union in the civil rights for people in this country. Mr. Speaker, I urge everybody who has a chance to go to Memphis and tour the civil rights museum and pay tribute to the civil rights soldiers who made America more what it was in-tended to be and make it a more per-fect union. f 
CONGRATULATING OMAK AND EPHRATA FFA CHAPTERS (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my congratulations to two central Washington FFA chapters that recently received national awards for their creativity, leadership, and commitment to community. FFA expects their members to be leaders on campus and foster school community. In this respect, the Omak High School FFA has been honored as a finalist for the National Model of In-novation Award for development of their officer mascot social media chal-lenge. Through this campaign, the Omak FFA helped to raise chapter mo-rale and school awareness of FFA. Not to be outdone, the Ephrata High School FFA is a finalist for the Na-tional Model of Innovation Award for community development. By partnering with the local rotary, Eph-rata FFA raised crop signs next to fields throughout the region so passing drivers could take interest and learn what was growing in the fields. As an FFA alumnus myself, I am proud to see the good work that these young men and women are doing and wish them the best of luck at the FFA national convention in October. 
f 
BELLAMY COMMONS REVITALIZES COMMUNITY (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, this Fri-day, the Bellamy Commons will emerge as a new community fixture on Jefferson Avenue in Buffalo, New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.016 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6015 September 28, 2016 
Upon opening, the Bellamy Commons will become home for many, with all 30 affordable apartments already filled. This space will also serve as the new home for the Buffalo Black Achievers Museum to share success stories of Buffalo African Americans. This project was a collaboration of Federal, State, local, and private in-vestment along with the aid of over $4 million in Federal low-income housing tax credits. These credits encourage de-velopment and construction in commu-nities that are often neglected and in-crease affordable housing options. Developments like the Bellamy Com-mons have the power to create, encour-age, and empower more residential and commercially integrated neighbor-hoods. A full community effort is something we are no stranger to in western New York. Over the years, it has been a key in revitalizing our re-gion. It is time that we begin to see the same development and much-needed in-vestment in Buffalo’s east side neigh-borhood. 
f 
NATIONAL HUNGER ACTION MONTH (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Hunger Action Month. Throughout September, families and advocates, volunteers and experts, and community leaders and elected officials have worked together to highlight the problem of hunger in this country. This summer, I had the privilege of seeing some of the great work being done on the front lines in Indiana’s Second District, and I brought their in-sights back to Congress. This month, the Agriculture Com-mittee’s Nutrition Subcommittee, which I chair, held its 17th hearing of the 114th Congress examining the Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram, or SNAP. We looked at innova-tive approaches States are taking to help those who fall into the safety net find good jobs and lift themselves out of poverty. These hearings have laid the groundwork for real reform. Mr. Speaker, no one in this Nation should go hungry, and that is why House Republicans have a plan—a bet-ter way—to fight poverty. Our plan puts new ideas to the test so we can stop the cycle of poverty and end hun-ger in America. 
f 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, here we are a few short weeks before national elections, so it is a good time to take account of the outlandish flood of money pouring into the Presidential campaign. The American people don’t want this out-of-control spending any-more. Why should it cost 16 times more to conduct an election in 2016 than it did in 1980 in inflation-adjusted dollars? The last time I looked, we still have just one President, 100 Senators, and 435 Congressional Districts. So why the outlandish increase in campaign spend-ing? The public gets sick and tired of the TV campaign ads. It costs a fortune. All the while, the public is becoming more disillusioned and distrustful of our very instruments of government. We need campaign finance reform. It is far too much that candidates have to raise today. Actually, in 1980, it cost $107 million for President Carter and President Reagan to conduct that Pres-idential campaign. Already this year, $1.6 billion has been spent—16 times as much as 1980. It is no surprise that, of the largest givers of the financial industry, not one of them has gone to jail after the financial crash of 2008. My constitutional amendment, H.J. Res. 38, grants Congress and our States the power to set limits on the amounts of contributions and expenditures with respect to candidates in Federal, State, and local elections. So when the Presidential candidates pass through your town, ask them ex-actly what they intend to do about out- of-control campaign spending and when they intend to do it. How about mak-ing campaign finance reform the first bill they send up to Congress in 2017 as H.R. 1. f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. CASTOR of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, with Breast Cancer Awareness Month right around the corner, the time is now to show American families that we are working to end breast cancer. In fact, we have a bill, H.R. 1197, the Ac-celerating the End of Breast Cancer Act, which has 273 bipartisan cospon-sors. It should be brought to the floor im-mediately for debate and a vote. Why? Because even with so much advance-ment in medical research, a woman’s chance of developing breast cancer has increased from one in eleven in 1975 to one in eight today. This year, over 40,000 women and over 400 men will die of breast cancer in this country alone. H.R. 1197 will focus on identifying strategies for the primary prevention of breast cancer and identifying meth-ods to prevent breast cancer metas-tasis, thereby saving lives. With such broad bipartisan support, there is no reason why the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act should not be brought up for a vote as quickly as pos-sible. I want to thank the large majority of my colleagues for cosponsoring the Ac-celerating the End of Breast Cancer Act, and I encourage the Republican leadership to bring H.R. 1197 to the floor right away. f 
CONGRATULATING U.S. OLYMPIC TEAM (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the United States Olympic Team, some of whom are visiting Capitol Hill today. This year’s team won 121 medals overall to lead the world for the sixth straight games and win the most med-als in U.S. history. They won 46 gold, 37 silver, and 38 bronze. Notably, 61 of the medals were brought home by Amer-ican women. Overall, 210 American athletes con-tributed to the medal count, including 32 multiple medalists and 13 who won multiple Gold Medals. Of the 27 sports in which U.S. athletes competed, the U.S. brought home hardware in 20, in-cluding Overland Park’s own Jack Sock taking home the gold in mixed doubles in tennis with his partner, Bethanie Mattek-Sands. Mr. Speaker, this is the most deco-rated team in U.S. history. I want to congratulate all of the athletes for their amazing performances on behalf of our Nation and thank them for mak-ing all of us proud here at home in the United States of America. 
f 
b1230 VETERANS OWED A DEBT OF GRATITUDE (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, our Nation owes our veterans a debt of gratitude for putting their lives on the line, but too often, all we do is pay lip service to our military heroes. This past weekend, I hosted a vet-erans housing symposium, where I con-nected veterans with housing profes-sionals and experts to answer questions about their housing benefits, mortgage options, and tax exemptions, and dis-placement assistance. Our veterans have earned our Nation’s gratitude, and I urge this Congress to do more to serve our military families. In mentioning gratitude and service, I would be remiss if I did not acknowl-edge an outstanding and brilliant serv-ant, Mimi Mesirow, who is moving on after 20 years of service to the Second Congressional District of Illinois. Mimi was an original hire of the Hon-orable Jesse Jackson, Jr., and was kind enough to stay on and help me launch my grant operation when I came to Congress. Mimi secured millions of dol-lars in funding for the Second District 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.018 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6016 September 28, 2016 
and left her mark in making it a better place to live. On behalf of Second District families and a grateful Congress, thank you, Mimi, for a job well done. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 5303, WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 6094, REGU-LATORY RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, SCHOOLS, AND NONPROFITS ACT; AND PRO-VIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DUR-ING THE PERIOD FROM SEP-TEMBER 29, 2016, THROUGH NO-VEMBER 11, 2016 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 897 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 897 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes. No further amendment to the amendment in the nature of a substitute re-ferred to in the first section of House Resolu-tion 892 shall be in order except those print-ed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amend-ments are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment pursu-ant to this resolution the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6094) to provide for a 6-month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Depart-ment of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce; and (2) one motion to recommit. SEC. 3. On any legislative day during the period from September 29, 2016, through No-vember 11, 2016— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 4. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 3 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 5. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 3 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). S
EC. 6. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 3 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. S
EC. 7. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 3 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar or legislative day for purposes of clause 7(c)(1) of rule XXII. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I told you yesterday that I would be back down here today with part 2 of the Water Resources Development Act bill. This structured rule in House Resolu-tion 897 provides for further consider-ation of H.R. 5303. This rule today will make an additional 19 amendments in order. As you will recall, Mr. Speaker, yesterday we gathered here and passed a rule that made 25 amendments in order to this legislation. To put that in perspective, this was a bill that passed unanimously out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, on which I serve; and the Rules Com-mittee gathered, and in its wisdom has now made 44 additional adjustments and improvements in order that have been recommended by Members of this Chamber. This rule also provides, Mr. Speaker, for closed consideration of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Busi-nesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. That is a bill that requires a 6-month delay in the effective date of the De-partment of Labor’s new overtime rules. It moves the current effective date of December 1, 2016, out to June 1, 2017. Mr. Speaker, I know you have heard about this issue from your constitu-ents, as every Member in this Chamber has. The Department of Labor, in its wisdom, sought to raise the maximum wage at which overtime rules would apply, and effectively doubled that wage rate. That is all going to go into effect on December 1. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe there is a single Member of this Chamber that doesn’t believe those numbers should be adjusted, but to double them over-night with virtually no warning to the small business community, the edu-cation community, or the nonprofit community is not the right way to gov-ern. This is going to impact not just the hardworking Americans who run these institutions, it is going to impact the hardworking Americans who are dependent on these jobs and are cur-rently doing the heavy lifting that feeds the Nation’s economic engine. Delaying this rule for 6 months to give us an opportunity to either come together as a body and make changes or to allow small businesses and non-profits and educational institutions to begin to adjust is just the right thing to do. You will hear more about that, Mr. Speaker, from one of my col-leagues on the Rules Committee, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), who doesn’t just serve on the Rules Committee, she also serves on the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee that has jurisdiction. Mr. Speaker, again, if we pass this rule, we will have an opportunity to not just complete work on the WRDA bill with the 19 additional amend-ments, but also to move forward to protect small businesses, educational institutions, and nonprofits. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, last night in the Rules Committee, after a year of Democratic calls to address the terrible water cri-sis in Flint, Michigan, House Repub-licans finally moved forward an amend-ment offered by my friend and col-league, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), to provide assistance to the families of Flint. It was a year ago this month that we learned of the man-made drinking water crisis in Flint, which exposed thousands of our fellow Americans to contaminated water. These are real people, Mr. Speaker. Families with children—9,000 children under the age of 6—that have been drinking and bath-ing in poisonous water for over 2
1⁄2 years. And even today, these families still do not have access to clean water from their taps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.020 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6017 September 28, 2016 
The fact that it has taken a year for Congress to stand up and do the right thing, to finally allow us to have a vote for the families of Flint, is astonishing. America is supposed to be a place where we look out for one another and lift our neighbors up when they are in need. Those are the values that define our country. As the people’s represent-atives here in Congress, we need to honor those values. Whenever an Amer-ican community is hit by a disaster, we come together. This should include not just hurricanes and earthquakes, but also man-made disasters, like the one that Flint continues to face today. I thank the leadership, especially our leadership, our Leader P
ELOSI , and the persistence of my friend, the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). I am pleased that we are finally set to consider a measure to authorize the $170 million for the repair and replace-ment of infrastructure in Flint. I hope that all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will enthusiastically sup-port Mr. K
ILDEE . But this is just a first step, Mr. Speaker. While the amendment we are set to consider today, if adopted, au-thorizes these funds, it is important that we come together to ensure that the much-needed funding actually reaches Flint as soon as possible. The Senate’s Water Resources Devel-opment Act, which passed that Cham-ber earlier this month by an over-whelming vote of 95–3, includes $220 million in relief for Flint. As we ad-vance our water bill this week and set up a conference on the two measures, it is imperative that we keep funding for Flint a top priority. So while I am pleased that we were able to reach a bipartisan agreement on a vote for Flint, I am disappointed, however, that the House Republican leadership is still advancing a terrible, misguided bill this week to, once again, undermine regulations put for-ward by the administration to help working families. With all of the work left to be done on the most pressing issues facing our communities, I cannot, for the life of me, understand why my friends on the other side of the aisle are so intent on denying long overdue compensation to millions of their constituents in pay-ment for their hard work and long hours. This rule provides for the consider-ation of H.R. 6094, legislation designed to delay the Department of Labor’s new overtime rule, which increases the overtime salary threshold from $23,660 a year to $47,476 a year. With the De-partment of Labor’s update to the Fair Labor Standards Act, an additional 4.2 million salaried workers are eligible for overtime pay, and 262,000 working people in my home State of Massachu-setts will benefit. American workers have waited long enough to get their fair day’s pay for a long day’s work that they deserve. This Republican bill will take $600 million out of the pockets of 4.2 million Amer-ican workers who would have gained overtime protections on December 1. This is $600 million that they will never see if we delay these important updates for another 6 months. That means, for example, the workers will have less money to spend on holiday presents for their families and less time to help their kids with their schoolwork and extracurricular activi-ties. The simple truth is that this Repub-lican bill is a cynical ploy to, once again, try to stop the rule from ever, ever going into effect. My Republican friends like to lecture families in pov-erty about what they are doing wrong. We hear it all the time on this floor. They tell them that they need to work harder to get ahead. These families are already working hard, very often work-ing overtime, but they are not receiv-ing the pay that they deserve for put-ting in the extra time. b1245 Republicans like to say that they think hard work should be rewarded. This is it. This overtime protection is a way for us to reward the hard work of millions of Americans who are doing all of the right things. This is a way for us to ensure that every American who puts in a hard day’s work is able to earn the fair pay that he deserves. Only in this place would that be considered a radical idea. How can Members of Congress lecture millions of hardworking American families who are struggling to escape poverty when they won’t even support a measure that rewards them for the hard work that they are putting in every day to help their own families get ahead? Speaker R
YANhas a lot to say about fixing poverty—rolling out a whole agenda to convince us that, somehow, he is serious about making progress in helping families. So why on Earth would Speaker R
YANand the House Re-publicans stand in the way of hard-working families receiving the fair pay that they deserve? That doesn’t sound like a party that truly cares about helping every family succeed. America’s working families are the ones who lay the foundation that makes our economy strong. It is sim-ply shameful that denying hard-working families the overtime protec-tions they deserve is something that Republicans think should be a top pri-ority of this Congress—so pressing, in fact, that the House Republicans con-sidered this bill in the Rules Com-mittee as an ‘‘emergency measure.’’ I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the right thing and de-feat this bill. It is an antiworker, antifamily bill, and it would only make it harder for America’s hardworking families to get ahead. Our economy only works when hard work is re-warded, and it is time for Congress to stand up for those values and to sup-port working families. It is time for us to do our jobs, Mr. Speaker. We need to be providing funds to fight the terrible Zika virus and the opioid crisis. We should be addressing the gun violence that is plaguing our communities. We ought to be finalizing a continuing resolution to ensure that our government remains open come Saturday, and I hope that the Senate will vote on that soon so that we can consider it. We need to get much-needed assist-ance to the families of Flint. Again, I think it is a stain on this Congress’ reputation that this leadership has dragged its feet for so long on this issue of providing funds to the resi-dents of Flint. This is the United States of America. People ought to know, when they get water out of their faucets, that they are not poisoning themselves or their kids. These are emergencies, Mr. Speaker, and not what this bill is all about that my friends are bringing to the floor. What they are trying to do is to actu-ally score some points with some in the business community who don’t want to reward the work of the people who work in their companies, and I think that that is unfortunate. We ought to stand up for working families. They are the ones who need help. What this bill would do is make that less likely. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the vice chair of the Rules Committee and a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. FOXX. I thank my colleague from Georgia for his leadership on this rule. Mr. Speaker, all too often, the execu-tive branch enacts policies that sound wonderful but impose unintended con-sequences and burdens that make the lives of hardworking Americans more difficult. The issue underlying H.R. 6094 is another tragic example of that pattern. The Department of Labor acted in May to revise overtime regulations covering millions of American workers. This regulation will require companies to reclassify a significant portion of their workforce, eliminating flexibility in work times, bonus compensation, and opportunities to advance. It will also impose significant compliance costs that will only serve to further bury job creators under red tape. While members of both political par-ties want to see all Americans earn more, we cannot ignore the financial consequences of this rule. By dramati-cally increasing the number of employ-ees who do not qualify for an exemp-tion under the regulation, the Depart-ment is significantly increasing the cost of delivering services and is mak-ing it more difficult to maintain exist-ing staffing levels. In plain English, this regulation could cost hardworking Americans hours at work or even their jobs. En-tire sectors could be less profitable with a predictable result for the em-ployees who are doing that work. These 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.021 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6018 September 28, 2016 
impacts do not fall solely on frequently and unfairly demonized big business. They affect nonprofits and schools as well as local and State governments. This will raise the cost of operation for nearly every organization and company in the country. I have heard from small-business owners, nonprofits, and universities across North Carolina that are deeply concerned about this rule. For exam-ple, an independent supermarket owner said that this rule would ‘‘effectively put him out of business. Most of our managers make less than $40,000 a year. When you make only one penny on the dollar net profits, this would force us to raise prices and make us un-competitive against Walmart and other national chains.’’ For many employees, the biggest im-pact this legislation will have on them is the loss of prized flexibility and ad-vancement opportunities. No longer will they be able to work flexible hours to cover children’s doctors’ appoint-ments or other family needs. They will be forced to clock in and out, lose as-pects of their positions that provide positive morale, and be reclassified into positions that do not provide the same satisfaction. It is fair to say that our Nation’s overtime rules need to be modernized, but the Department of Labor’s extreme and partisan approach will lead to damaging consequences that the Amer-ican people simply cannot afford. That is why I cosponsored H.R. 6094, the Reg-ulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act, which would provide a 6-month delay in the implementation of this rule in order to allow the small businesses, nonprofit organizations, State and local govern-ments, and corporations confronting it with desperately needed time to pre-pare and make changes to accommo-date the needs of their employees. The rule before us today will provide for the consideration of this important legislation, and I commend both of them to my colleagues for their sup-port. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to point out for my col-leagues that, while many of my col-leagues who support this legislation argue that the new overtime rule would overburden nonprofits or edu-cational institutions, I think we need to point out a few facts here—most im-portantly, that that is just not the case. The overtime rule provides ex-emptions for nonprofit charitable orga-nizations without sizable commercial activities. The overtime rule also pro-vides educational institutions exemp-tions for teachers, coaches, graduate and undergraduate students, and ad-ministrative personnel. I just want to repeat one thing that I said in my opening. I am really amazed when my Republican col-leagues routinely come to the floor and lecture poor people and people who are struggling in poverty. They regularly come to the floor and demonize people in this country who are on benefits, like SNAP—putting food on the table. You always hear, ‘‘You ought to work.’’ ‘‘You ought to work harder.’’ Of the people on SNAP, for example, who are able to work, the majority of them work, but work doesn’t pay enough to get them out of poverty. All that is being suggested by this rule from the Department of Labor is that people ought to get paid what they deserve. They ought to be able to earn enough to be able to have a decent life and to get out of poverty. I know what my friends are trying to do. They are saying it is only a 6- month delay. They are hoping that their candidate for President—God for-bid—would win the Presidency and would, basically, null and void any modernization of the overtime rules. We ought to be concerned more about people in this country who are working hard and who are not able to make ends meet. I think my colleagues ought to know there are exemptions in this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Americans have waited long enough to update our Nation’s overtime pay rules. After years of de-bate and regulatory review, proposed rules and final rules, it is time to en-sure that Americans are paid for the hours they work. When I go home to my district, I hear how hard it is for working women and men to meet their families’ basic needs. Americans need a raise. The Re-publican majority has blocked any vote to raise the minimum wage, and they have blocked bills to provide women with equal pay for equal work. Did you know that working single mothers are paid about 57 cents on the dollar that men are paid right now? Today’s bill will take $600 million in earned over-time pay from 4.2 million working men and women. Half a century ago, 60 per-cent of salaried employees qualified for overtime pay; today, only 7 percent do. This is because we did not update over-time rules until this administration stepped forward. We have heard the arguments for in-action and delay—that it is too hard for businesses, the false argument about nonprofits; ‘‘this is happening too fast’’ is another argument. They don’t hold up. It has been 12 years since the overtime rule was changed, nearly 3 years since President Obama asked for action, and more than a year since the proposed rule was issued. The De-partment of Labor reviewed more than 270,000 comments, and it changed its proposal as a result of those comments. It has provided flexibility for busi-nesses, and it has lowered the salary threshold. The Department of Labor has been responsive to concerns, and now it is time for the House of Rep-resentatives to be responsive to the concerns and the needs of working fam-ilies. In my home State of Illinois, nearly 194,000 working men and women and their families would be helped by over-time protections. They shouldn’t have to wait any longer. Extra work should mean extra pay. It is a simple matter of fairness. Workers who are hired full time should not be paid the same sal-ary whether they work 40 hours a week or 60 hours a week. They should either be paid for the hours they work or be able to spend those extra hours with their families. Many Americans are balancing their jobs with caring for children and aging parents. Delaying the Department of Labor’s update to overtime protections is unfair to those workers and their families. It is really time now to get on with it, to move forward. I urge my col-leagues to reject today’s rule and vote against this bill. Let these long-over-due overtime rules—overtime pay—for Americans take effect. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Washington (Mr. N EWHOUSE ), a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. NEWHOUSE. I thank the gen-tleman from Georgia for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would like to add my voice today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation, H.R. 6094, which is the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Non-profits Act. In recent months, I have heard—and, I am sure, the Speaker has as well— from a growing number of constituents who are gravely concerned about the impact that the Department of Labor’s new one-size-fits-all overtime rule would have on their jobs, would have on their businesses, as well as would have on nonprofit organizations. When the rule goes into effect on De-cember 1, it will impose enormous new costs on businesses, lifting the cap of workers who are eligible for overtime pay from $23,600 to $47,476. I admit, on its face, this sounds like a real benefit for workers; however, the impacts, likely, will be devastating. Small busi-nesses and nonprofits that are con-fronted with this new burden will be faced with some very difficult choices: having to pay thousands of dollars in additional labor costs, they end up hav-ing to limit their employees’ hours; moving salaried workers to hourly po-sitions; or, even worse, laying off work-ers. b1300 Worse than that, the Department of Labor has made no attempt to make this rule workable for small business. There is no phase-in. On December 1, it will hit every business, every school, and every nonprofit in America full force, just like a freight train. The rule was not curtailed to geog-raphy either. It will take effect in the Seattle metropolitan area, where the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.022 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6019 September 28, 2016 
annual mean wage is around $61,000, the same way it will impact the Yak-ima area, where that annual mean wage is just over $41,000. The way the Department of Labor went about issuing this very flawed one-size-fits-all rule just isn’t right. H.R. 6094—which I was proud to cospon-sor, and I thank Congressman W
ALBERG  for introducing—would simply delay the rule for 6 months so that we can work with the Department of Labor as well as stakeholders to address this issue in a responsible, workable way. Sadly, to not adopt this delay will re-sult in job losses for the very people the rule was intended to help: your constituents and mine. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just make a comment for the benefit of my colleagues before I yield to the next speaker, and that is about this rule. This is a closed rule. Again, this is another pattern that my Republican friends seem to have developed since they have taken over the House; and that is, basically shutting down debate and shutting down the opportunity for Members to have an opportunity to ex-press themselves. This bill was noticed in the Rules Committee, I think on Monday, and we did the rule yesterday. Members didn’t even know this was coming up. So to bring a bill like this to the floor under a closed process I think is unfortunate. It denies Members on both sides of the aisle an opportunity to offer different points of view and to have a vigorous debate. Many of us believe that this Congress ought to do more to help strengthen opportunities and benefits for those in the middle class. We believe that more people ought to have the opportunity to get into the middle class. That is why we are fighting for a livable wage, yet we can’t even bring that to the floor. The only things that seem to get to the floor are tax breaks for big busi-nesses or repeals of the Affordable Care Act or bills like this that would basi-cally take the pay that has been earned by workers away from them. Again, I think this kind of illustrates where the priorities of this Republican Congress really are. I mean, they are not with working people. They are with those who are privileged and those at the very top. And my hope is that maybe after this election, we can get some changes made where we can get back to doing the people’s business, not just the rich people’s business. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RA-
HAM). Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with deep disappointment that the Rules Committee didn’t make in order any of my amendments to improve the management and health of the Apa-lachicola, Chattahoochee, and Flint Rivers. Floridians are incredibly frustrated that the Apalachicola River is dying because of mismanagement and over-use upstream. Just this year, it was named one of the country’s most en-dangered rivers. Two years ago, in a rare show of col-laboration and bipartisanship on this very issue, Members from Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, agreed to lan-guage that actually acknowledged the mismanagement and encouraged the States to stop the arguing and work to-gether to find a solution. What a novel concept, but even that tiny com-promise is being stricken in this bill. We have an egregious problem that my amendment would have fixed, and this Congress won’t even allow it to be dis-cussed. I am well aware that other States in-volved in this issue have a lot at stake. It is infuriating that other States won’t recognize what is at risk in Flor-ida. There are people all over the coun-try, even some of you in this Congress, who spend time in the region and enjoy the Apalachicola’s beauty and re-sources. It is shameful and short-sighted that we are letting it die be-cause of politics and dysfunction in this House. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would tell my friend from Massachusetts that I do not have any further speakers re-maining, and I am prepared to close when he is. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question; and if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would allow those with outstanding student debt to refinance their existing high in-terest rate loans to lower interest rates. Mr. Speaker, this legislation gives us an opportunity to provide im-mediate relief to those struggling with student loan debt. You know, when interest rates go down, people can refinance their home mortgages. Why can’t we extend that same ability to people with high stu-dent loan rates? Everybody says that we want to make sure that everybody who wants a college education ought to be able to get one, yet we make it very difficult for people to be able to afford one. The debt that is accumulated—and espe-cially the interest on that debt that is accumulated—is very, very difficult for people to absorb when they get out of school. So that is why Democrats have been asking time and time again for us to address issues like that, college afford-ability. How do we ease the burden on our young people who are trying to get a college education? So rather than bringing up legisla-tion that basically will not increase the overtime salary threshold, thereby denying people who are working the ability to have a little bit of extra cash in their pockets when they work over-time—that is what this is all about, and we are actually punishing working people—maybe we ought to do some-thing to actually help working fami-lies. If you vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, we will be able to have a de-bate and a vote on this. I hope that not just Democrats, but Republicans as well will see that it is important for us to address this issue of college afford-ability. I, again, urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the RECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARCHANT ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massa-chusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I was just with a group for lunch, and I was talking about all of the amazing things that we are able to do in here together. It really is amazing. I think back on what has be-come known as the Bush tax cuts. You may remember, Mr. Speaker, we had President Bush; he had a Repub-lican Senate; he had a Republican House; and he was trying to provide tax relief for the American people. But be-cause of the way the rules work around here and it takes a lot of votes to get work done, he was not able to make that tax policy permanent. He didn’t have enough votes. Republicans were running the entire show, but he couldn’t get enough agreement on tax relief for Americans to make that tax policy permanent. You, me, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Presi-dent Obama, we got together and we made that tax policy permanent for 99 percent of Americans. We did together what Republicans couldn’t do alone. My friends from the other side of the aisle often talk about infrastructure and how important it is to America, and they are right every single time they do it, Mr. Speaker. But when they passed a trillion-dollar stimulus bill that I opposed with every fiber of my being, we didn’t see infrastructure grow in this country; we saw dollars get squandered. They controlled the White House, the U.S. House, the U.S. Senate. They controlled every single branch of government, and they were not able to succeed at creating the kind of infrastructure improvements that every American knows that we need. But you know who did, Mr. Speaker? You, me, Mr. M
CGOVERN with Presi-dent Obama in this divided Congress and divided government, we got to-gether and passed the longest surface transportation funding bill this coun-try has seen since the 1990s. We did that together. I could go down the list: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.024 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6020 September 28, 2016 
education, water resources, taxes, reg-ulation. The list goes on and on and on of things, when we sat down and when we talked to one another, we were able to get passed. You may remember, Mr. Speaker, we were down here yesterday on the House floor. We were talking about the situa-tion in Flint. We were talking about amendments that were not made in order. And word came down that the only reason they weren’t made in order is because we are just a bunch of rac-ists here in the House of Representa-tives. The only reason that they weren’t made in order was because Re-publicans have no conscience, is what we heard from the other side of the aisle. I will ask anyone in this Chamber: Who thinks that gets us closer to a so-lution? Who thinks it does? It pushes us further apart not just as an institution here, but as a Nation of citizens who care about one another. So what happened after that, Mr. Speaker? We went back to the drawing board together. We worked together, and we are back here today together with an amendment to address the situation in Flint. How? Not with a nongermane amendment, as it was yesterday. Not with an amendment that tries to deal with an-other committee’s jurisdiction, as it did yesterday. But with an amendment that is squarely within the jurisdiction of the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee on which I serve and from which this bill comes today. I know it is an election year, and I know that as much as constituents say they don’t like negative ads, they show up and vote based on them every single time. So I know that it would be easy for my colleagues to conclude that the best thing to do running up to an elec-tion is to come down here to the House floor and denigrate absolutely every-one who doesn’t agree with them. It is not that we have policy disagreements, Mr. Speaker; it is that you must be a scoundrel, they would say. It is not that we have policy disagreements; it is that you must not have a conscience, they will say. It is not that we have policy disagreements; it is that you don’t care. It makes me sad because, as I said yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I know the Members of this body on a personal level, and I know every single one of them cares. We are down here today doing something that matters, and I don’t know why folks aren’t taking a victory lap for our successes together. I don’t know why they want to con-tinue to tear at the fabric that makes this Nation great. Caring about each other is what we do. It is a legitimate disagreement about how to care. My friend from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) just talked about student loans. I have this conversation with every single high school class I visit with, Mr. Speaker: How do we love you best from Washington, D.C.? Do we give you all the money you can pos-sibly borrow so you can go anywhere in the country you want to go to get that bachelor’s degree with which you may not be able to find a job and you now have a mortgage-sized debt? Or do we not lend you that money? Do we create work-study programs? Do we create co- op programs? Do we put you to work in contact with employers so that when you leave school, you have no debt and real skills and real experience? It is a fair disagreement. Some folks may think you love people more by giving them all the free money they can handle and the mortgage debt that goes with it. Other folks think you love folks by giving them real-world experi-ence, real-world skills, and a real em-ployer to talk to. I don’t think that you hate children if you make that wrong decision. I think that we are having a discussion about how to love on those children. Mr. Speaker, what we are down here doing today is not about stepping on low-income Americans. We could have a better debate about this issue if that wasn’t what folks would come down and perpetuate. It is undeniable—and every single Member of this institution has seen it back home. It is undeniable that real working families are showing up on our doorstep, saying: Congress-man, there is a problem; I need you to fix it. The administration just moved for-ward and doubled—doubled—the wage for which you now qualify for over-time. Now, in my part of the world—we are not New York City; we are not Los Angeles, California; we are not San Francisco. $45,000 a year in my part of the world is what a manager makes. It is what a manager is going to make— a manager. What the Department of Labor has said is: You know what? Overtime— which is what is paid to workers, not management. Salary is paid to man-agement; hourly pay to workers. What the Department of Labor has said is: You know what? We are going to have a one-size-fits-all solution because, clearly, people living in small town Georgia should be regulated by the same rules as people living in down-town New York City. Surely, if we are going to fight poverty, what works in downtown New York City is the exact same thing we are going to need in small town Georgia. b1315 Mr. Speaker, you know that is non-sense. It is not true in your area; it is not true in my friend from Massachu-setts’ area; and it is certainly not true in my hometown. My friends will come to the floor and tell you it is because Republicans just don’t like working people. This bill ex-empts three categories of people and three categories only: educational in-stitutions, small businesses, and non-profits. The Boys & Girls Clubs of America are headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. They wrote to the Department of Labor when the Department of Labor released this regulation. They said they opposed it. They said the regula-tion in its current form was going to undermine their ability to serve young people. They are not alone. Mr. Speaker, those concerns are real, and if my friends on the other side of the aisle would sit down and talk to us about them, I know that they care about these issues like I care about these issues. We can all work to change what that limit is, but we don’t have to throw families out of jobs. As a result, we don’t have to punish small-business owners trying to make it work. As a result, we don’t have to punish non-profits who have one goal and one goal only, and that is to make a difference in people’s lives. As a result, I don’t be-lieve, when I disagree with my col-leagues on the House floor, it is be-cause they are bad people. I think they are good people with bad ideas. If we can sit and talk together, a group of good people around the table with differing ideas, I know that we can come to a conclusion, which is what we have done with the second bill in this rule, Mr. Speaker, the WRDA bill. My friend from Massachusetts men-tioned a terrible habit of closed rules. There were 44 amendments made avail-able to this bill, Mr. Speaker—44. That is a bill that passed unanimously with unlimited debate and unlimited amend-ments coming out of committee. We made 44 more amendments in order on this House floor. I am constantly amazed at the im-provements that come from right here, colleagues who may not be on the com-mittee who don’t have an opportunity to make a difference. They bring an amendment to the Committee on Rules, we come together and we make it in order. We bring it to the House floor. It makes a difference. Mr. Speaker, the WRDA bill is going to affect something in every single dis-trict we have in this Chamber—every single district—whether it is direct, as it will be in the Port of Savannah or the Port of Charleston; whether it is indirect, as it will be for all the inland ports in the country; whether it is indi-rect because of all the job growth that happens around the country as a result. Ninety-nine percent of all of the im-ports and exports coming through this country, moving through our ports sys-tem, we did that together. I sat through those long committee hearings, Mr. Speaker. I don’t remem-ber anyone being called a scoundrel. I don’t remember anyone being accused of not having a conscience. I don’t re-member anyone being called a racist. And I distinctly remember the bill coming out of committee on a voice vote, unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, the American people will believe us if we tell them how in-capable we are; the American people will believe us if we tell them how bro-ken self-government is; and the Amer-ican people will believe us if we tell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.025 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6021 September 28, 2016 
them that nobody else has anything to bring to the table except their Member of Congress. But those things will not be true. We are not just moving a bill to pro-tect nonprofits and educational insti-tutions and small business, Mr. Speak-er. We are not just moving a bill that is going to do more to protect inland waterways and the economy than what we have seen in previous years, Mr. Speaker; we put together a package that I believe is going to start the logs rolling for all of the other priorities that we have in this Chamber. But we can’t get to them unless we pass this rule. This rule came out of the Committee on Rules last night about 11:30, Mr. Speaker. The Committee on Rules was working late on your behalf last night. They say nothing good happens after midnight. That is why we finished up at 11:30. We have got a good rule for you. It is worthy of the support of this Chamber. I ask all of my friends to support the rule, to support the underlying legisla-tion, and to allow us to continue to be about the business of the American people. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 897 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 7. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1434) to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 8. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1434. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
PFC JAMES DUNN VA CLINIC Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3283) to designate the community- based outpatient clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3283 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF PFC JAMES DUNN VA CLINIC IN PUEBLO, COLORADO. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The community-based outpatient clinic of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the com-munity-based outpatient clinic referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a ref-erence to the PFC James Dunn VA Clinic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3283 to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Pueblo, Colorado, the PFC James Dunn VA Clinic. I am grateful to this bill’s sponsor, Senator C
ORYGARDNER , for his efforts introducing this legislation. I am also grateful to my colleague and friend, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IP-
TON), for his work championing this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.026 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6022 September 28, 2016 
bill in the House and ensuring that Pri-vate First Class Dunn is honored for his service. PFC Dunn was a Colorado native and a long-time resident of the city of Pueblo. He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1942, when he was just 22 years old. While serving in the Solomon Islands in the Pacific theater later that year, PFC Dunn and 12 of his fellow marines were separated from the rest of their patrol and pinned down by hostile fire. After the commanding officer and the second in command were severely wounded, PFC Dunn—on his own ini-tiative and with complete disregard for his own safety—assumed command. In the face of fierce mortar and ma-chine-gun fire, he successfully led his men to cover and eventually to safety. In recognition of his bravery and lead-ership throughout that incident, he was awarded the Navy Cross. S. 3283 satisfies the committee’s naming criteria and is supported by the entire Colorado congressional delega-tion as well as by veterans service or-ganizations, including the Disabled American Veterans and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 3283, a bill to designate the community-based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the PFC James Dunn VA Clinic. Marine Reservist PFC James Dunn, Jr., was awarded the Navy Cross for his heroism in Guadalcanal in 1943. His award is the second highest award for valor that the Navy has. I am often told this about heroes: ordinary men do extraordinary things. Later in life, Jim Dunn was asked why he joined the Marines, and he sim-ply responded: ‘‘Uncle Sam needed me.’’ Let me highlight from his citation for the Navy Cross: 
When the combat patrol with which he was serving came under heavy machine-gun shelling, Private First Class Dunn, along with 11 marines and their command officer, became separated from the remainder of the patrol and were pinned down by hostile fire. After the commanding officer and the second in command had been severely wounded, Pri-vate First Class Dunn, on his own initiative and with complete disregard for personal safety, promptly assumed command and led the men to jungle cover in the face of fierce mortar and machine-gun fire. Again trapped by Japanese, he reconnoitered and finally succeeded in leading his group, including the wounded, to their own lines. 
As you can see by this citation, PFC James Dunn put the safety of his col-leagues above his own. For his courage in the face of grave danger, he was decorated with the Navy Cross. Following the war, James Dunn re-turned home to Pueblo, Colorado, where he lived with his family before passing away in 2000. Mr. Speaker, I salute this brave ma-rine and support the passage of this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. TIPTON ), my friend and col-league from the Third Congressional District. I serve with Representative T
IPTON , and his district includes Pueb-lo. Many times we have discussed what is good for the people of Colorado and what we can do to help, where the Fed-eral role is appropriate; and I have to tell you, Representative T
IPTON is a strong fighter and tireless in serving his district, and especially Pueblo itself. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for the bipartisan support on this legislation, and I want to extend my sincere thanks to Con-gressman L
AMBORN for all of his hard work on behalf of our VA and the healthcare issues for our veterans who are so in need of making sure those promises are fulfilled for them. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in support of naming one small part of that healthcare system after a true American hero, Private First Class James Dunn. James Dunn was born in Stratton, Colorado, and found work in Pueblo, Colorado, at the steel mill after he graduated from high school. While walking down the street one day in June of 1942, he saw what we now consider a classic poster of Uncle Sam pointing straight at him saying, ‘‘I want you.’’ Fascinated, he entered the recruiting station and noticed that the line to enlist in the Marines was empty compared to the line for the Navy. That made his choice easy. When asked later why he joined, his reply was simple: ‘‘Uncle Sam needed me.’’ PFC Dunn was initially placed with a group of marines that were being reor-ganized as L–3–6 at Camp Elliott, Cali-fornia, before they were shipped to New Zealand to train and maneuver in the mountainous terrain that could be found there. b1330 Then, in early January 1943, PFC Dunn’s group of Marines was sent to re-lieve the original force that invaded Guadalcanal. On January 20, 1943, Dunn’s platoon was split into three squads and were conducting a scouting mission when they came under heavy enemy fire. The citation describing his actions that day states, in part, ‘‘After the commanding officer and the second in command had been severely wounded, Private First Class Dunn, on his own initiative and with complete disregard of personal safety, promptly assumed command and led the men to jungle cover in the face of fierce mortar and machine-gun fire.’’ Dunn was later awarded the Navy Cross for his action that day and was credited by many of the surviving members of his platoon for saving their lives. PFC Dunn went on to serve in the campaigns on Tinian and Okinawa. All told, when he was discharged, Dunn had spent all but 6 months of his 31⁄2 years in the Marines overseas. When he returned to Pueblo, he married the love of his life Mary Knez and they had two sons, Mike and Jeff. In his civilian life, he became a Mason, enjoyed reading, and, for many years, delivered meals to shut-ins, continuing his service to oth-ers. After 54 years of marriage, James passed away in Pueblo on July 5, 2000. PFC James Dunn embodies the proud military traditions and rugged spirit of the city and the county of Pueblo, Col-orado, and I am happy to support the naming of this outpatient clinic in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I have had the oppor-tunity to be able to tour that clinic and to be able to visit with veterans. He would be honored and pleased to see that PFC James Dunn is now going to be affixed to that facility. Pueblo is known as the home of heroes, and rightly so. PFC James Dunn certainly fits that category. I would like to thank the Pueblo VA Naming Committee for all of their ef-forts to support the renaming of this clinic, the support of the United Vet-erans Council of Colorado, and the many veterans service organizations that it counts as members. I would also like to thank all of my colleagues in the Colorado delegation for their support and the staff and lead-ership of the Committee on Veterans Affairs for working with my office to accomplish this important task. I would like to encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I thank the Dunn family for their heroic father and husband and for his service to our country. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I simply just want to say that I urge my colleagues to support pas-sage of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the House to support this. I think this is one of those opportunities where, with strong bipartisan support, we can pass this legislation and honor the memory of a true American hero, as Representative T
IPTON and the rank-ing member of the subcommittee have both talked about. This is appropriate for Pueblo, I agree. Pueblo is the home of heroes. They got that name because there were so many people from Pueblo who have received the Congressional Medal of Honor. I don’t know if there is some-thing in the water or what, but it is touching to see that kind of patriotism coming out of the people of Pueblo. That really warms my heart. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.029 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6023 September 28, 2016 
the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3283. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate having proceeded to re-consider the bill (S. 2040) ‘‘An Act to deter terrorism, provide justice for vic-tims, and for other purposes.’’, re-turned by the President of the United States with his objections, to the Sen-ate, in which it originated, it was Resolved, That the said bill pass, two- thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative. The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 110–315, the Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, announces the re-appoint-ment of the following individual to be a member of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: Dr. Paul LeBlanc of New Hampshire. 
f 
JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM ACT—VETO MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the Senate: 
The Senate having proceeded to reconsider the bill (S. 2040) entitled ‘‘An Act to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes.’’, returned by the Presi-dent of the United States with his objec-tions, to the Senate, in which it originated, it was Resolved, That the said bill pass, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following veto mes-sage from the President of the United States: To the Senate of the United States: I am returning herewith without my approval S. 2040, the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’ (JASTA), which would, among other things, re-move sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that are not designated state sponsors of terrorism. I have deep sympathy for the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 (9/11), who have suffered grievously. I also have a deep appreciation of these families’ desire to pursue justice and am strongly com-mitted to assisting them in their ef-forts. Consistent with this commitment, over the past 8 years, I have directed my Administration to pursue relent-lessly al-Qa’ida, the terrorist group that planned the 9/11 attacks. The he-roic efforts of our military and counterterrorism professionals have decimated al-Qa’ida’s leadership and killed Osama bin Laden. My Adminis-tration also strongly supported, and I signed into law, legislation which en-sured that those who bravely responded on that terrible day and other sur-vivors of the attacks will be able to re-ceive treatment for any injuries result-ing from the attacks. And my Adminis-tration also directed the Intelligence Community to perform a declassifica-tion review of ‘‘Part Four of the Joint Congressional Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 11,’’ so that the families of 9/11 victims and broader public can better under-stand the information investigators gathered following that dark day of our history. Notwithstanding these significant ef-forts, I recognize that there is nothing that could ever erase the grief the 9/11 families have endured. My Administra-tion therefore remains resolute in its commitment to assist these families in their pursuit of justice and do what-ever we can to prevent another attack in the United States. Enacting JASTA into law, however, would neither pro-tect Americans from terrorist attacks nor improve the effectiveness of our re-sponse to such attacks. As drafted, JASTA would allow private litigation against foreign governments in U.S. courts based on allegations that such foreign governments’ actions abroad made them responsible for terrorism- related injuries on U.S. soil. This legis-lation would permit litigation against countries that have neither been des-ignated by the executive branch as state sponsors of terrorism nor taken direct actions in the United States to carry out an attack here. The JASTA would be detrimental to U.S. national interests more broadly, which is why I am returning it without my approval. First, JASTA threatens to reduce the effectiveness of our response to indica-tions that a foreign government has taken steps outside our borders to pro-vide support for terrorism, by taking such matters out of the hands of na-tional security and foreign policy pro-fessionals and placing them in the hands of private litigants and courts. Any indication that a foreign govern-ment played a role in a terrorist attack on U.S. soil is a matter of deep concern and merits a forceful, unified Federal Government response that considers the wide range of important and effec-tive tools available. One of these tools is designating the foreign government in question as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, which carries with it a litany of repercussions, including the foreign government being stripped of its sov-ereign immunity before U.S. courts in certain terrorism-related cases and subjected to a range of sanctions. Given these serious consequences, state sponsor of terrorism designations are made only after national security, for-eign policy, and intelligence profes-sionals carefully review all available information to determine whether a country meets the criteria that the Congress established. In contrast, JASTA departs from longstanding standards and practice under our Foreign Sovereign Immuni-ties Act and threatens to strip all for-eign governments of immunity from judicial process in the United States based solely upon allegations by pri-vate litigants that a foreign govern-ment’s overseas conduct had some role or connection to a group or person that carried out a terrorist attack inside the United States. This would invite consequential decisions to be made based upon incomplete information and risk having different courts reaching different conclusions about the culpa-bility of individual foreign govern-ments and their role in terrorist activi-ties directed against the United States—which is neither an effective nor a coordinated way for us to respond to indications that a foreign govern-ment might have been behind a ter-rorist attack. Second, JASTA would upset long-standing international principles re-garding sovereign immunity, putting in place rules that, if applied globally, could have serious implications for U.S. national interests. The United States has a larger international pres-ence, by far, than any other country, and sovereign immunity principles pro-tect our Nation and its Armed Forces, officials, and assistance professionals, from foreign court proceedings. These principles also protect U.S. Govern-ment assets from attempted seizure by private litigants abroad. Removing sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that are not designated as state sponsors of ter-rorism, based solely on allegations that such foreign governments’ actions abroad had a connection to terrorism- related injuries on U.S. soil, threatens to undermine these longstanding prin-ciples that protect the United States, our forces, and our personnel. Indeed, reciprocity plays a substan-tial role in foreign relations, and nu-merous other countries already have laws that allow for the adjustment of a foreign state’s immunities based on the treatment their governments receive in the courts of the other state. Enact-ment of JASTA could encourage for-eign governments to act reciprocally and allow their domestic courts to ex-ercise jurisdiction over the United States or U.S. officials—including our men and women in uniform—for alleg-edly causing injuries overseas via U.S. support to third parties. This could lead to suits against the United States or U.S. officials for actions taken by members of an armed group that re-ceived U.S. assistance, misuse of U.S. military equipment by foreign forces, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.031 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6024 September 28, 2016 
or abuses committed by police units that received U.S. training, even if the allegations at issue ultimately would be without merit. And if any of these litigants were to win judgments—based on foreign domestic laws as applied by foreign courts—they would begin to look to the assets of the U.S. Govern-ment held abroad to satisfy those judg-ments, with potentially serious finan-cial consequences for the United States. Third, JASTA threatens to create complications in our relationships with even our closest partners. If JASTA were enacted, courts could potentially consider even minimal allegations ac-cusing U.S. allies or partners of com-plicity in a particular terrorist attack in the United States to be sufficient to open the door to litigation and wide- ranging discovery against a foreign country—for example, the country where an individual who later com-mitted a terrorist act traveled from or became radicalized. A number of our allies and partners have already con-tacted us with serious concerns about the bill. By exposing these allies and partners to this sort of litigation in U.S. courts, JASTA threatens to limit their cooperation on key national secu-rity issues, including counterterrorism initiatives, at a crucial time when we are trying to build coalitions, not cre-ate divisions. The 9/11 attacks were the worst act of terrorism on U.S. soil, and they were met with an unprecedented U.S. Gov-ernment response. The United States has taken robust and wide-ranging ac-tions to provide justice for the victims of the 9/11 attacks and keep Americans safe, from providing financial com-pensation for victims and their fami-lies to conducting worldwide counter-terrorism programs to bringing crimi-nal charges against culpable individ-uals. I have continued and expanded upon these efforts, both to help victims of terrorism gain justice for the loss and suffering of their loved ones and to protect the United States from future attacks. The JASTA, however, does not contribute to these goals, does not en-hance the safety of Americans from terrorist attacks, and undermines core U.S. interests. For these reasons, I must veto the bill. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , September 23, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ob-jections of the President will be spread at large upon the Journal. The question is, Will the House, on reconsideration, pass the bill, the ob-jections of the President to the con-trary notwithstanding? The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) is recognized for 1 hour. b1345 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ), the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on S. 2040, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, ear-lier today, the Senate voted 97–1 to override the President’s veto on the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. I rise to urge my colleagues to fol-low the Senate’s action and vote to override this veto so that Americans may seek judicial redress against any foreign government that chooses to sponsor a terrorist attack on U.S. soil. The question that this veto override vote poses is whether we should allow those who harm our citizens to hide be-hind legal barriers that are required by neither the Constitution nor inter-national law, or whether we should per-mit U.S. victims to hold those who sponsor terrorism in our country fully accountable in our courts. I think that the answer to this question is clear, and I hope that my colleagues will join me in overwhelmingly overriding the President’s veto of JASTA. The changes JASTA makes to exist-ing law are not dramatic, nor are they sweeping. JASTA amends the Anti-Terrorism Act to make clear that any person who aids, abets, or conspires with a State Department designated foreign ter-rorist organization is subject to civil liability for injury to a U.S. person. In addition, the legislation amends the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act to add an exception to foreign sov-ereign immunity for acts of inter-national terrorism sponsored by a for-eign government that cause physical harm within the United States. The President objects to this change to the law on the grounds that it up-sets principles of foreign sovereign im-munity and that, by so doing, our na-tional interests will be threatened by reciprocal treatment from abroad. The President’s objections, however, have no basis under U.S. or international law. The Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act already has nine exceptions to sov-ereign immunity, including the terri-torial tort exception. This exception provides that a foreign country is not immune from the jurisdiction of our courts for injuries that it causes that occur entirely within the United States. Consistent with customary inter-national law, JASTA, for terrorism cases, removes the current requirement that the entire tort occur within the United States and replaces it with a rule that only the physical injury or death must occur on U.S. soil. JASTA makes this change because, under cur-rent law, a foreign nation can provide financing and other substantial assist-ance for a terrorist attack in our coun-try and escape liability so long as the support is provided overseas. For example, under current law, if the intelligence agency of a foreign government handed a terrorist a bag of money in New York City to support an attack on U.S. soil, the country would be liable under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act’s tort exception right now. However, if we change the fact pattern slightly so that rather than giving a terrorist money in New York City the money is provided in Paris, the foreign state will not be subject to liability in U.S. courts. This is a trou-bling loophole in our antiterrorism laws. When Congress enacted the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act in 1976, it put in place a broad set of exceptions to sovereign immunity, including an exception for tort claims involving in-juries occurring in the United States. However, the courts have not consist-ently interpreted those exceptions in such a manner that they cover the sponsoring of a terrorist attack on U.S. soil. JASTA addresses this inconsist-ency with a concrete rule that is con-sistent with the nine longstanding ex-ceptions to foreign sovereign immunity already provided for under U.S. law. JASTA ensures that those, including foreign governments, who sponsor ter-rorist attacks on U.S. soil are held fully accountable for their actions. We can no longer allow those who injure and kill Americans to hide behind legal loopholes denying justice to the vic-tims of terrorism. I urge my colleagues to vote to over-ride the President’s veto. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States constituted the deadliest foreign at-tack on American soil in our Nation’s history. Their impact has been im-measurable, as evidenced by the fact that we are still grappling with their cultural and policy implications. Fifteen years later, their powerful emotional effect on Americans remains as strong as ever. Those who lost loved ones or were injured as a result of this horrific attack deserve our deepest sympathy and our help. It is in this vein that we consider whether to override the President’s veto of S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which, among other things, amends the For-eign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 to create a new exception to the act’s general grant of foreign sovereign im-munity. The bill’s supporters present compel-ling and sympathetic arguments in favor of ensuring that the 9/11 families have access to a well-deserved day in court. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.008 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6025 September 28, 2016 
In his veto message, however, the President raised a number of serious substantive concerns about the poten-tial unintended consequences of this legislation. First, the President stated that S. 2040 could undermine the effectiveness of our Nation’s national security and counterterrorism efforts. For instance, other nations may become more reluc-tant to share sensitive intelligence in light of the greater risk that such in-formation may be revealed in litiga-tion. Moreover, the President raised the concern that this legislation would ef-fectively allow nonexpert private liti-gants and courts, rather than national security and foreign policy experts, to determine key foreign and national se-curity policy questions like which states are sponsors of terrorism. Second, the President’s assertion that enactment of S. 2040 may lead to retaliation by other countries against the United States given the breadth of our interests and the expansive reach of our global activities. So while it seems likely at this junc-ture that S. 2040 will be enacted over the President’s veto, I remain hopeful that we can continue to work toward the enactment of subsequent legisla-tion to address the President’s con-cerns. I understand the moral imperative of enacting legislation in this matter, but I am sensitive to the seriousness of the concerns that the President raised. I had expressed the hope, during floor debate on this bill, that Congress and the President could work together to find a better balance that would still enable 9/11 victims to seek justice while tempering the President’s con-cerns. There is no doubt as to the passion that the bill’s supporters bring to advo-cating for the victims of the September 11, 2001, attacks, a passion that I share. As legislators, however, we must be driven not only by understandable emotions but by thoughtful consider-ation of the long-term interests of our country. And for this reason, the ex-pected outcome of today’s vote should not be the end of this matter. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee for yielding. Let me, at the outset, thank him for the outstanding work that he has done in bringing this bill, this legislation, to this historic moment where I certainly hope and urge the House of Representa-tives to override—to join the Senate in overriding the President’s veto of JASTA. I take very seriously the objections the President has raised, but this bill wasn’t drawn in a vacuum, and it hasn’t reached this stage in a vacuum. Primarily led by people like Chair-man GOODLATTE , Congressman N ADLER , who is the chief cosponsor of the bill, and also by the leading sponsors in the Senate, all of the President’s objec-tions, I believe, were addressed. Changes were made. This bill is not going to put Amer-ican soldiers at risk. It is not going to put American diplomats at risk. What it is going to do is finally allow the 9/ 11 families to have their day in court to seek the justice they have long been denied. And if the Government of Saudi Arabia has no involvement, if there is no liability, they have nothing to worry about. But the fact is, those of us who live in New York, who live in New Jersey, and all Americans, no matter where you happen to live, those of us who were alive on that day know how much this affected all of us. But just think about how it affected those families, those who lost their husbands and wives and children and grandchildren and mothers and fathers. So it is really essential that this House today stand on the side of those who seek justice, realizing that we are doing nothing in any way at all to put any American lives at risk. What we want to do is seek justice against those who did cause Americans to die. Again, I thank the Senate for their override vote today. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his outstanding work. I thank my good colleague, J
ERRY NAD-
LER. DANDONOVAN has done so much since he has come to the Congress. I urge the House of Representatives to join with the Senate in overriding the veto of the President of the United States. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking P
ETER KINGand B OBGOOD-
LATTE for their role in bringing this bill to the floor as the sponsor and committee chairman. I rise in strong support of overriding the President’s veto of JASTA. JASTA is a carefully crafted, narrow bill that would hold accountable foreign govern-ments that knowingly provide substan-tial assistance to a designated foreign terrorist organization that launches an attack in the United States. Despite the overblown rhetoric of some critics of this bill, JASTA will not pose a threat to American military personnel or diplomats. They would be absolutely protected if another country passed legislation mirroring this bill because JASTA applies only to govern-ments. To the extent that a foreign govern-ment might pass broader legislation that would make American personnel subject to liability, that country would not be reciprocating. It would be en-gaging in a transparent and unjustifi-able act of aggression. The economic, diplomatic, and mili-tary strength of the United States makes such action unlikely, and any rogue state inclined to target U.S. in-terests can already do so. We must not hold justice for the 9/11 families hos-tage to imagined fears. Mr. Speaker, 15 years ago, on Sep-tember 11, we suffered the most deadly terrorist attack on our soil in this Na-tion’s history. My district in New York was the epicenter of this attack, but its effects were felt across the country, including, of course, at the Pentagon and in Pennsylvania. We all have an in-terest in ensuring that the 9/11 victims and their families can bring to justice anyone who was responsible for this vi-cious attack. JASTA simply reinstates what was understood to be the law for 30 years; that foreign states, not individuals, not soldiers, foreign states, may be brought to justice for aiding and abetting acts of international terrorism that occur on American soil, whether or not the conduct that facilitated the attack oc-curred in the United States. Some courts have recently held that if a foreign government agent hands over a check to al Qaeda in a cafe in New York to fund a terrorist attack in the United States, that government can be sued in an American court. But if that same foreign agent funds the same attack by handing over the same check in a cafe in Geneva, the govern-ment is immune from suit. That makes no sense, and it flies in the face of what had been settled law for many years. Longstanding U.S. law, under the Foreign Sovereign Immuni-ties Act, provides jurisdiction to sue foreign states that cause a tortious in-jury on American soil. That is current law. b1400 This is the international norm, and it has never prompted retaliatory con-duct by other nations. This bill simply clarifies that if a foreign state murders thousands of Americans on American soil or provides substantial assistance to a designated terrorist group that murders thousands of Americans on American soil, that government cannot hide from justice merely because its actions occurred abroad. This bill does not target any par-ticular country or prejudge the merits of any particular case. Any govern-ment brought before a U.S. court will have every defense available to it, as well as extensive protections and gov-ernment privileges during discovery to protect against disclosure of its sen-sitive information. What it will not be able to do is hide behind erroneous court decisions and jurisdictional loop-holes to avoid the legal process alto-gether. We have heard a parade of horribles stemming from a hypothetical fear that other nations would use JASTA as an excuse to target American citizens. Again, if a foreign government passes legislation that mirrors JASTA, Amer-ican citizens would still be absolutely protected because JASTA applies only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.035 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6026 September 28, 2016 
to governments. A foreign government is highly unlikely to pass legislation that goes beyond JASTA. If a rogue state does, in fact, authorize suits against American personnel abroad, we have a well-established process for de-fending such actions. According to the Office of Foreign Litigation at the De-partment of Justice, ‘‘at any given time, foreign lawyers under the direct supervision, represent the United States in approximately 1,000 lawsuits pending in the courts of over 100 coun-tries.’’ This is not a new issue for the United States, and we are well equipped to deal with any con-sequences. We are warned that Saudi Arabia will be very angry if we approve this bill, that the Saudis may retaliate against the United States, may perhaps with-draw some investments. History shows that the Saudis will do what is in their interests. They need American support and American arms in the volatile Mid-dle East where they fear and fight Iran and its proxies. They are not going to prefer their emotions to their interests and act against the United States. If the Saudi Government was not complicit in the attack on 9/11, the plaintiffs will fail to prove such com-plicity in an American court. Justice will have been served, and the Saudis will be vindicated after years of sus-picion. But if it is proven in an Amer-ican court that the Saudi Government was complicit in the attacks on 9/11, justice will have been served and we— not the Saudis—will have justification to be very angry. Mr. Speaker, this bill was carefully negotiated over more than 6 years. It passed the House and Senate unani-mously, and earlier today, the Senate voted 97–1 to override the President’s veto. All that stands in the way of jus-tice for the 9/11 victims and their fami-lies is a vote in this House. I urge my colleagues to stand with them and to override the veto. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), the chairman of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding, and, sec-ondly, commend him for his work to try to tailor this measure in as narrow a way as possible. I also want to commend the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) for his strong, persistent advocacy for the families of the victims of 9/11. All of us share in their grief. The country has not gotten over that horrible incident, and all of us have contempt for those who carry out terrorist attacks and those who support them. My concern for this legislation, how-ever, is more related to the unintended consequences that it may have because one of the key protections that the military, diplomats, and intelligence community of the United States has around the world is this doctrine of sovereign immunity. Once that doc-trine gets eroded, then there is less protection, and we, the United States, has more at stake in having our people protected than any other country be-cause we have more people around the world than anyone else. So, in this Congress, we can control the laws of the United States, and we can write them narrowly in a fine- tuned way to just achieve our objec-tive. But then other countries respond. They may not have their laws narrowly defined in such a fine-tuned way. They may make them broader. Their prac-tice may not have the protections that ours do. So the concern is that this starts a series of unintended con-sequences that will increase the risk to U.S. military personnel around the world, U.S. intelligence community personnel around the world, and dip-lomats around the world. That is the reason you have widespread concern that has been voiced in each of those communities for this legislation. Let me just read briefly from a letter from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that has been available to all Members. It says: ‘‘Any legislation that risks reciprocal treatment by for-eign governments would increase the vulnerability of U.S. Servicemembers to foreign legal action while acting in an official capacity.’’ That is the concern, that we lower the protections that our people have around the world. Remember, when we send our military out, they have to fol-low orders. They are implementing U.S. policy. They have no choice. If they are called before a foreign court, if they are required to give testimony in a foreign court, even if they are not the defendant, then they are jeopard-ized, as is sensitive information from the United States. Mr. Speaker, so my point is that I understand totally the sympathies for the victims as well as the desires many people have to override this veto, but we also should keep in mind the longer term consequences for our military who serve our Nation all around the world. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from the Secretary of Defense and a letter from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on this issue. 
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE , Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter of September 23, 2016, regarding the President’s veto of S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA). I support the President’s position. We appre-ciate the opportunity to provide views on this important issue. As I stated in my testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Sep-tember 22, 2016, I agree with the intent of the bill, which is to honor the families of 9/11 victims. While we are sympathetic to the in-tent of JASTA, its potential second- and third-order consequences could be dev-astating to the Department and its Service members and could undermine our important counterterrorism efforts abroad. In general terms, JASTA would allow law-suits in U.S. Federal Courts against foreign states for actions taken abroad that are al-leged to have contributed to acts of ter-rorism in the United States, notwith-standing long-standing principles of sov-ereign immunity. Under existing law, simi-lar lawsuits are available for actions taken abroad only by designated state sponsors of terrorism. JASTA extends the stripping of immunity to states that are not designated sponsors of terrorism, potentially subjecting many of the United States’ allies and part-ner nations to litigation in U.S. courts. JASTA has potentially harmful con-sequences for the Department of Defense and its personnel. Adoption of JASTA might re-sult in reciprocal treatment of the United States and other countries could create ex-ceptions to immunity that do not directly mirror those created by JASTA. This is like-ly to increase our country’s vulnerability to lawsuits overseas and to encourage foreign governments or their courts to exercise ju-risdiction over the United States or U.S. offi-cials in situations in which we believe the United States is entitled of sovereign immu-nity. U.S. Service members stationed here and overseas, and especially those sup-porting our counterterrorism efforts, would be vulnerable to private individuals’ accusa-tions that their activities contributed to acts alleged to violate a foreign state’s law. Such lawsuits could relate to actions taken by members of armed groups that received U.S. assistance or training, or misuse of U.S. military equipment by foreign forces. First, whether the United States or our Service members have in fact provided sup-port for terrorist acts or aided organizations that later commit such acts in violation of foreign laws is irrelevant to whether we would be forced to defend against lawsuits by private litigants in foreign courts. Instead, the mere allegation of their involvement could subject them to a foreign court’s juris-diction and the accompanying litigation and intrusive discovery process that goes along with defending against such lawsuits. This could result in significant consequences even if the United States or our personnel were ultimately found not to be responsible for the alleged acts. Second, there would be a risk of sizeable monetary damage awards in such cases, which could lead to efforts to attach U.S. Government property to satisfy those awards. Given the broad range of U.S. activi-ties and robust presence around the world, including our Department’s foreign bases and facilities abroad, we would have numer-ous assets vulnerable to such attempts. Third, it is likely that litigants will seek sensitive government information in order to establish their case against either a foreign state under JASTA in U.S. courts or against the United States in a foreign court. This could include classified intelligence data and analysis, as well as sensitive operational in-formation. While in the United States classi-fied information could potentially be with-held in certain narrow circumstances in civil lawsuits brought by private litigants against our allies and partners, no legislation spe-cifically protects classified information in civil actions (unlike protections afforded in criminal prosecutions) or under JASTA. Fur-thermore, if the United States were to be sued in foreign courts, such information would likely be sought by foreign plaintiffs, and it would be up to the foreign court whether classified or sensitive U.S. Govern-ment information sought by the litigants would be protected from disclosure. More-over, the classified information could well be vital for our defense against the accusations. Disclosure could put the United States in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.037 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6027 September 28, 2016 
difficult position of choosing between dis-closing classified or otherwise sensitive in-formation or suffering adverse rulings and potentially large damage awards for our re-fusal to do so. Relatedly, foreign lawsuits will divert re-sources from mission crucial tasks; they could subject our Service members and civil-ians, as well as contractor personnel, to depositions, subpoenas for trial testimony, and other compulsory processes both here and abroad. Indeed, such personnel might be held in civil or even criminal contempt if they refused to appear or to divulge classi-fied or other sensitive information at the di-rection of a foreign court. Finally, allowing our partners and allies— not just designated state sponsors of ter-rorism—to be subject to lawsuits inside the United States will inevitably undermine the trust and cooperation our forces need to ac-complish their important missions. By dam-aging our close and effective cooperation with other countries, this could ultimately have a chilling effect on our own counterter-rorism efforts. Please let me know if there is any addi-tional information the Department can pro-vide. Sincerely, A
SHCARTER . 
CHAIRMAN OF THE  J
OINT CHIEFS OF STAFF , Washington, DC. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, U.S. Senate Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 23 September 2016 letter regarding the Presi-dent’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. I have read Secretary Carter’s response, and share his concerns on the potential second- and third-order con-sequences of such legislation. As you delib-erate, I would ask that you consider the fol-lowing issues that affect the Joint Force. Any legislation that risks reciprocal treat-ment by foreign governments would increase the vulnerability of U.S. Service members to foreign legal action while acting in an offi-cial capacity. For example, U.S. Service members, especially those supporting counterterrorism operations, could be sub-jected to a foreign court’s jurisdiction if it is alleged that they took actions that violated a foreign state’s law. Whether the allega-tions are ultimately proven to be without merit is not an adequate guide, as the serv-ice members will have already been sub-jected to the foreign court’s litigation proc-ess. In those cases where a foreign government decides to exercise jurisdiction over a U.S. Service member, the Service member could be held in civil, or criminal, contempt should they refuse to appear or otherwise comply with the foreign court’s orders. This concern would extend to cases where the United States would be at risk of substantial mone-tary damages, which could lead to attempts to seize U.S. military property overseas in order to satisfy any monetary awards. If a U.S. Service member were to be sued in a foreign court, it would be up to the foreign court to decide whether classified or sen-sitive U.S. Government information would be required as part of the litigation process. This could put the United States in the posi-tion of choosing between the disclosure of classified or sensitive information, and sub-jecting a U.S. Service member to an adverse foreign court ruling. Finally, regardless of the specific legisla-tion being considered, any legislation that effects the long-standing principles of sov-ereignty should carefully consider any risks to the close security cooperation relation-ships between the United States and our al-lies and partners. Sincerely, JOSEPH F. D UNFORD , JR. General, U.S. Marine Corps. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT). Mr. S COTT is a former member of the Judiciary Com-mittee. He is now the ranking member on the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the terrorist attacks perpetrated against our Nation 15 years ago killed nearly 3,000 people. No one can fully fathom the grief still felt by families to lose their loved ones in such a horrific way. We understand the need to continue to seek justice against those who may have aided and abetted the individuals that orchestrated these attacks. However, this legislation is not the right way to go about achiev-ing that justice. JASTA abrogates a core principle in international law—foreign sovereign immunity. There are already several exceptions to this immunity recognized by our Nation and others, but JASTA goes much further than any present ex-ception or recognized practice of any national law. Mr. Speaker, as the gen-tleman from Texas just suggested, one fundamental indication of fairness of legislation is not how it would work to our benefit, but what we would think if it were used against us. If the United States decides to allow our citizens to haul foreign nations into American courts, what would we think of other nations enacting legisla-tion allowing their citizens to do the same thing to us? Obviously, we would not want to put our diplomats, military, and private companies at that risk. Consider our Nation’s actions in Iraq. While there may be questions about Saudi Arabia’s indirect involvement in 9/11, there is no question about who the state-sponsored actor was in 2003 when we bombed Baghdad and killed and in-jured hundreds of thousands of people with little or no evidence that Iraq was any immediate threat to the United States or our allies. What would we think if Iraq enacted legislation similar to JASTA, allowing their citizens to sue the United States for acts perpetrated during the Iraqi war? American soldiers and contractors living and working in Iraq today could be hauled in to Iraqi court, tried by an Iraqi judge, held responsible by an Iraqi jury that would assess the amount of money owed to each and every Iraqi citizen killed or maimed. Furthermore, if they adopted similar legislation to this, other nations could sue the United States and our citizens for sponsoring organizations they deem as terrorist organizations. Unfortu-nately, these discussions are already taking place in capitals around the world because of this legislation. JASTA does not make clear how the evidence would be gathered to help build a credible case against a foreign nation. Would the plaintiffs be able to sub-poena foreign officials? Or would the U.S. Department of State officials have to testify? Would we be required to ex-pose sensitive materials in order to help American citizens prove their case? Again, how would we feel about foreign judges and juries deciding whether or not the United States spon-sored terrorism? There are also questions about how the judgment under JASTA would be enforced. The legislation does not ad-dress how a court would enforce the judgment. Could foreign assets be attached? How would this process work if other countries enacted similar legislation? Would U.S. assets all over the world be subject to attachment to satisfy the foreign jury verdicts? Mr. Speaker, there are many other more responsible mechanisms that this body could enact to hold foreign actors accountable for their involvement in international terrorism without expos-ing the United States or our citizens to lawsuits all over the world. We should do the responsible thing, Mr. Speaker, and sustain the Presi-dent’s veto of this legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute to respond to the gentleman from Texas and the gen-tleman from Virginia. First of all, with regard to some of the examples given by the gentleman from Texas, I want to make clear that this is the Foreign Sovereign Immuni-ties Act that is being amended—foreign sovereign, not individuals. So if an-other country were to flip this and take action under their laws to do something in their courts, it would only apply to governments, not to indi-viduals. So with regard to the assertions made by the gentleman from Virginia, many countries have already done what we are proposing to do here today. The whole tort rule that is uti-lized in the United States which says, just as an example, if you provided a bag of money to a terrorist in the United States, you can sue that foreign government in our country right now, in our courts right now. It would change so that if they provided the bag of money in Paris, you could do it there. Right now it is a loophole. Guess what? Any foreign government that wants to sponsor terrorism in the United States, what is the first thing they are going to do right now under current law? They are going to make sure that the money is transferred outside the United States so they are not subject to the jurisdiction of U.S. courts. Customary international law does not seem to require the entire tort lim-itation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.010 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6028 September 28, 2016 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, Article 12 of the United Nations Convention on Jurisdictional Immunities of States and Their Prop-erties would apply the territorial tort exception if the act or omission oc-curred in whole or in part in the terri-tory of the state exercising jurisdic-tion. Most nations that have codified the exception appear to require some act or omission in their territories, but it is not clear that these nations have done so from a sense of international legal obligation rather than from comity. Even if customary international law were properly read to preclude a nation from applying the territorial tort ex-ception solely on the basis of death and damage within its territory, the appli-cation of JASTA to the 9/11 cases, as an example, would still not violate inter-national law since the 9/11 attacks clearly involved tortious acts in the United States. JASTA requires that the physical harm occur in the United States. But to have an exception that says that if people aid and abet from outside the United States, their government—the government—aids and abets from out-side the United States, that govern-ment can evade the courts of the United States. That is wrong. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30 seconds to point out one additional thing. Under JASTA, the President or his represent-ative, the Secretary of State, can ap-pear in the court where a lawsuit is brought and delay the proceedings for a period of time, but not forever. Then, if that time expires and what-ever effort the United States has made to resolve this with a foreign govern-ment does not change the cir-cumstances, they can still go back to the court and they can ask the court to delay further. But then it is up to the court to make that decision. Again, I urge my colleagues to over-ride the President’s veto. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). b1415 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of overriding the President’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. This is our constitutional preroga-tive. We in Congress can override the veto of a President, and in this case a strong bipartisan majority disagrees with the President. Earlier today, the Senate of the United States voted 97–1 in favor of an override. It is right and just that the victims of the horrific terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, be able to pursue full justice in our courts of law. I am a law-yer, and I have worked with constitu-tional and statutory issues. I also rep-resent a congressional district in New Jersey that lost 81 people on 9/11. Opposing views fear repercussions against the United States if this legis-lation becomes law, but the United States does not support, finance, or condone international terrorism. We are the Nation that historically has helped rid the world of evil, and we have nothing to fear from truth and justice. Nations around the world should recognize the fundamental jus-tice in legal remedies against a ter-rorist network that killed nearly 3,000 Americans. It is our duty to provide the victims of 9/11 this legislative remedy by which they can seek the facts, and the Fed-eral Government should be as trans-parent as possible with the evidence and the intelligence. The still grieving families of 9/11 deserve their day in court—they have waited long enough— and this narrowly tailored legislation will give them recourse for full justice and compensation. Mr. Speaker, any override of a Presi-dential veto is a serious and sober mat-ter. I do not advocate an override light-ly. I deeply respect the Office of the President of the United States. This President has never been overridden by the Congress. I believe, however, that an override is the better public policy in this momentous situation. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), who serves both on the Homeland Secu-rity Committee and Judiciary Com-mittee with great skill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member. I think it is important to state on the floor of the House that President Obama has been an outstanding Com-mander in Chief. I have served on the Judiciary Com-mittee proudly for the tenure I have had in the United States Congress and on the Homeland Security Committee since the tragedy of 9/11. I am com-mitted to engaging in efforts to de-velop policies that anticipate and re-spond to new and emerging challenges to the security of our Nation and to the peace and safety of the world. However, I will never forget Sep-tember 11. 2,977 men, women, and chil-dren were murdered by 19 hijackers who took commercial aircraft and used them as missiles. I stood on the front steps of the Capitol and sang with Members of this Congress ‘‘God Bless America.’’ I visited the World Trade Center in the months and weeks after this heinous tragedy and grieved con-tinuously each year as we commemo-rate, sadly, 9/11. 9/11 will always be remembered, and the loss of these families will always be painful and piercing. Just recently, the Judiciary Committee had a hearing on the bill the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The supporters of the bill offered powerful and compelling testimony in favor of ensuring that 9/11 families have access to their day in court against the parties directly and vicariously liable for the injuries that they suffer. Now, I also take into consideration the concerns of the administration, which deal with undermining sovereign immunity and opening up U.S. dip-lomats and military servicemembers to legal action overseas if foreign coun-tries pass reciprocal laws. In addition, the President has said that JASTA would upset longstanding international principles regarding sovereign immu-nity, putting in place rules that, if ap-plied globally, could have serious im-plications. However, 9/11 families may sue a country designated as a state sponsor of terrorism, such as Iran today. The only thing that this bill would allow is that U.S. citizens be able to sue coun-tries without that designation. Let me suggest to our friends that, under the facts that we know, 19 of these attackers on 9/11 were Saudi citi-zens. They did not represent the gov-ernment. This is not giving permission to sue the government under its gov-ernment actions as much as it is to recognize that these were citizens who operated outside of that realm and to allow these citizens of the United States to have relief. You cannot deny the citizenship of these individuals. I would also suggest that these individ-uals are common criminals, and why should individuals who have been harmed be prevented from addressing the common criminality because they are from a different country? I would make the argument that we are not finished with this at this point. I hope there will be further discussions. I do believe that if countries decided to take up and sue legitimate actions of the United States in defense of their nation, they would have the full power and force of law of the United States to be defended. I don’t believe that will happen. I do believe that we should continue further discussion on this very impor-tant topic. But as well, having been a senior member, again, on the Home-land Security Committee during the many meetings that we had with the 9/ 11 families and ultimately passing the 9/11 legislation as I chaired the Trans-portation Security Subcommittee, I believe that listening over and over again to the devastation and the need to ensure there are laws to protect this Nation, that this measure provides the extra opportunity to address the com-mon criminality of individuals whose citizenship lies in one place or another. We should stand, however, in pro-tecting U.S. diplomats, military serv-ice, and intelligence community mem-bers, and I believe this country has the power to do so. I believe, at this point, the matter of the 9/11 families should be addressed, and we should address it today. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for yielding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.038 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6029 September 28, 2016 
Foreign threats should never dictate American policy, but that is, unfortu-nately, what happened with President Obama’s veto of this legislation. That a foreign government can hide behind sovereign immunity after slaughtering Americans in our own homeland is an outrage, so it is no wonder that this bill was passed by Congress unanimously. Terror victims can already sue individuals for com-plicity in an attack. A foreign govern-ment shouldn’t be immune from justice simply because it is a government. For those of my colleagues who may be reluctant about voting for an over-ride of this veto, I think Chairman G
OODLATTE ’s explanation of the bill should give them peace. There are al-ready nine exemptions to the sovereign immunity law, and JASTA will not create a tenth. It modifies one of those nine. JASTA is about 9/11 victims who have waited more than 15 years to have their day in court. It is about the fami-lies of over 300 people killed that day who lived in my congressional district. It is about my friend, Lori Mascali, whose husband, firefighter Joseph Mascali, died that day saving other people’s lives. I urge my colleagues to put American victims of terror first by voting to override the President’s veto. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
ON-
YERS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for overriding the President’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. I understand and give weight to the President’s concerns, but I believe that this bill is focused on and applies to only those attacks that are committed on U.S. soil that harm U.S. nationals. The attacks of 9/11 were singular acts of appalling cruelty. They were tar-geted knowingly and specifically at ci-vilian noncombatants. They were bar-baric crimes that violated all norms of civilized conduct and all of the inter-national conventions of armed conflict. Though the hijackers of those planes died that day, it is virtually indis-putable that there are people who con-spired with them in the planning, prep-aration, execution, and financing of those horrific acts who walk the streets freely in foreign capitals today. They walk comfortably, securely, smugly, believing that because of a pe-culiar interpretation of international law, they are safe from the long arm of justice, immune to any consequences. JASTA, as it is called, is needed to correct some shortcomings in previous legislation and lower court decisions. The bill is needed to make it possible for the survivors and for the families of the victims of savage acts of inter-national terrorism to seek a measure of justice through the civil courts. This bill is needed because both Con-gress and the executive branch have af-firmed that civil litigation against ter-ror sponsors, including foreign govern-ments, can have an important deter-rent effect. The attacks of 9/11 were roundly con-demned by people and governments around the world. So this bill is needed not just by the families of those who died in New York and at the Pentagon and in Pennsylvania; it is needed to send a message to people all around the world, a message that the long arm of American justice will not be deterred, will never tire, and will never falter. As we have done in the past, we will pursue the perpetrators of such savage acts of inhumanity, as we saw on 9/11, to their very graves. There is no loop-hole and there will be no escape. Yes, it may be true that there are risks in passing a bill like this that may have some unintended con-sequences, but compare that to the risks of doing nothing and the risks that are very real that are all too present. I urge my colleagues to not forget and to overturn the President’s veto. It is in America’s interest, and it is a de-terrent to future crimes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Mr. G
OODLATTE , for yielding; and I want to thank Mr. G
OODLATTE  and Mr. K
INGfor their extraordinary leadership on this bill. Mr. Speaker, with all due respect to the President of the United States, the central argument in this veto message accompanying the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, reciprocity is weak, unsupported, and egregiously flawed. The White House drafters of the veto message either didn’t read the care-fully crafted bipartisan bill or are seeking to conflate the plain legisla-tive text since JASTA only permits ac-cess to U.S. courts by waiving immu-nity from foreign governments, not for-eign government officials or employ-ees, and corrects conflicting case law, except in the cases where someone knowingly aids, abets, or conspires with a State Department-designated foreign terrorist organization. Thus, the President is wrong to as-sert that, under the hallowed principle of reciprocity, U.S. officials and mili-tary personnel could be subjected to lawsuits. It is worth noting that noth-ing precludes that now or ever, but as an argument for veto, it simply doesn’t pass muster. While sovereign immunity has its place in the conduct of responsible di-plomacy, it is not absolute, as even the 1976 Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act contains nine exceptions. In 2008, Mr. Speaker, as you know, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sec-ond Circuit dismissed legal action against Saudi Arabia and other defend-ants, holding U.S. courts lacked juris-diction. Other actions by the courts have thwarted the full accountability Americans expect and deserve. JASTA corrects that. The victims of 9/11 and their grieving families deserve what JASTA empow-ers: a judicial process to discover the unfettered and ugly truth that, to this day, remains cloaked, concealed, and covered up. JASTA provides a way to hold perpetrators and enablers of ter-rorism to account. Anyone who has read the recently de-classified 28 pages of findings from the House-Senate Intelligence Committee’s joint inquiry in 2002, despite the heavy redactions, knows the provocative evi-dence of Saudi complicity in 9/11, and that remains unexamined. The 28 pages are filled with names and suspected as-sociations with the Government of Saudi Arabia. Mr. Speaker, I have worked with and befriended many of the 9/11 surviving family members—many who died on 9/ 11 were from my district—and I can state unequivocally that there would have been no 9/11 Commission and other historic policy initiatives with-out the 9/11 family members. They have been extraordinary, tenacious, com-mitted, and courageous. On September 20, many family mem-bers gathered outside the White House to appeal to the President to sign JASTA. Two of the remarkable widows from New Jersey, Lorie and Mindy, carried this sign to my left, your right, with a picture of President Obama and Saudi King Salman from the front page of the New York Daily News. b1430 The headline read: ‘‘Don’t choose them over us’’—the U.S., the United States. The President chose the king, and he vetoed the bill. We can correct that today. Vote to override. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. There is no doubt that there is so much passion involved in this with the bill’s supporters; but, as legislators, I would like to urge that one carefully and thoughtfully consider the long- term interests of our country. For the foregoing reasons, I am pleased to indicate that the scholars and others who will be voting to sus-tain the President’s veto are Michael Mukasey, the former Attorney General under George W. Bush; Stephen Hadley, the former National Security Adviser for that President; Richard Clarke, the former White House counterterrorism adviser for Bill Clinton and George W. Bush; and Thomas Pickering, the former United States Ambassador to the United Nations. They all agree that we must be considerate of the long- term interests of our own country. For the foregoing reasons and those stated by the national security experts, the international law scholars, and the President of the United States, I find that I must vote to sustain the Presi-dent’s veto. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.039 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6030 September 28, 2016 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to override the President’s veto. It is the right thing to do. Justice is the right thing—to let American citizens have access to their courts for torts for terrorist attacks that occur on American soil. This bill is a modest amendment to already ex-isting exemptions to the Foreign Sov-ereign Immunities Act. It is the right thing to do. I urge my colleagues to join me in overriding the President’s veto. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my concerns with S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, or JASTA. The President, the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CIA Director, and the Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee have all issued statements against this legislation, and after having spoken with local veterans in Pinellas County who have retired from the armed serv-ices, I have come to the decision to support the President’s veto. ‘Terrorism’ at the hands of a foreign govern-ment is simply another term for an act of war, and we should respond to these acts with every ounce of resolve our nation can muster. We have done so for generations, relying on military, diplomatic and political leadership to respond appropriately and deploy our men and women in uniform to defeat our enemies. Countless men and women have sacrificed their last full measure for the cause of our freedom and security. But we don’t litigate acts of war in civil courtrooms. We litigate them on battlefields, with valor and with overwhelming force. By authorizing courtroom litigation of acts of war, we empower other nations to do the same. And we imperil the security of our mili-tary and diplomatic personnel, as well as our assets in regions around the globe. Consider the number of times our nation in-tervenes for the cause of freedom and security around the globe. Now consider if our per-sonnel and assets on the ground were subject to civil liability in those nations. It com-promises our mission, and it compromises the security of our men and women in uniform and those in our diplomatic corps. Mr. Speaker, when the President vetoed this legislation, he stated that the United States al-ready has means to act against nations who would wish to commit acts of terrorism against the United States by designating them as State Sponsors of Terrorism. When this des-ignation is made, all sovereign immunity pro-tections for individuals are removed, sub-jecting the violating country to a multitude of sanctions. Likewise, on Monday Defense Secretary Ash Carter sent a letter to the Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee stating that, while he ‘‘agrees with the intent of the bill, which is to honor 9/11 victims,’’ the poten-tial second- and third-order consequences of the legislation ‘‘could be devastating to the Department and its service members.’’ Sec-retary Carter shared concerns that other na-tions might enact reciprocal policies, threat-ening the sovereign immunity of our service members based on justifications that are far less stringent. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff also stated that ‘‘any legislation that risks re-ciprocal treatment by foreign governments would increase the vulnerability of U.S. service members to foreign legal action while acting in an official capacity,’’ and that any court pro-ceedings could ‘‘put the United States in the position of choosing between the disclosure of classified or sensitive information, and sub-jecting a U.S. service member to an adverse foreign court ruling.’’ Today, CIA Director Brennan added his concerns, that he believes this action ‘‘will have grave implications for the national security of the United States. The most damaging consequence would be for those U.S. Government officials who dutifully work overseas on behalf of our country.’’ These concerns are affirmed by many na-tional security experts who penned an open letter asking for the veto to be upheld. The let-ter was signed by many prominent former members of the executive branch, including Stephen Hadley, Richard Clarke, and Thomas Pickering. Nothing can heal the wounds of the sur-viving families of September 11, 2001. Nothing can heal the wounds of a nation whose heart breaks for those innocent lives lost at the hands of our enemies. We can honor their leg-acies by making the world more secure—by exerting our national security leadership, our military force, around the globe to contain the threat of terror. I believe JASTA would ulti-mately undermine our ability to secure free-dom and to secure our homeland. We will never forget the tragedy and loss of that day. We will never forget the heartbreak. And let us never weaken our resolve to defeat the forces of terror, so that we may ensure that we as a nation, and our brothers and sis-ters who suffered such loss, never face such a tragedy again. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to up-hold President Obama’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (S. 2040). All Americans were deeply affected by the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, none more so than the families who lost loved ones on that terrible day. President Obama has been unyielding in his pursuit of those who perpetrated the attacks. Since day one of his Administration, President Obama has made the destruction of Al-Qaeda a top national se-curity priority. He has delivered on this prom-ise, systematically devastating Al-Qaeda’s leadership and killing Osama bin Laden. I am profoundly sympathetic to the families of victims who were lost on September 11, 2001 and while I understand the intent behind S. 2040, I remain concerned that this legisla-tion would be damaging to our national secu-rity. Not only would it not prevent future ter-rorist attacks against the United States, it would expose U.S. personnel serving over-seas to lawsuits in the civil and criminal courts of foreign countries. For these reasons, I vote to uphold President Obama’s veto of S. 2040. The United States government has an array of legal tools that it uses to deal with nations that sponsor terrorism. This includes listing the offending nation as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, imposing sanctions, and the forfeiture of that nation’s right to sovereign immunity in U.S. courts. However, these measures are in-tended as an extreme consequence for na-tions that act outside of international norms. S. 2040 would allow terrorism related lawsuits in U.S. courts against any nation, not only those designated as a sponsor of terrorism by our government, which is alleged to have contrib-uted to an act of terrorism in the United States. This would begin an erosion of the principle of sovereign immunity for every na-tion, including U.S. allies, and expose their government and personnel to lawsuits in U.S. courts. The reciprocal effect that this erosion of sovereign immunity could have on U.S. per-sonnel overseas, including our men and women in uniform, is deeply concerning. Were S. 2040 to become law, it would set an inter-national precedent for other nations to follow. U.S. personnel serving in foreign countries could be subjected to civil and criminal law-suits in foreign courts, putting them at risk and potentially exposing sensitive national security information in the process. These are the peo-ple we depend upon in our fight against ter-rorist organizations like ISIL, and we must en-sure that proper legal safeguards are in place to protect them. As a Member of Congress, it is my duty to ensure that our service members and diplo-matic personnel overseas are afforded the proper legal protections that allow them to do their jobs and protect this nation. S. 2040 un-fortunately fails to ensure these protections and subsequently I will vote to sustain Presi-dent Obama’s veto. I am attaching an editorial from the New York Times on this issue. [Sept. 28, 2016] T
HERISKS OF SUING THE SAUDIS FOR 9/11 The Senate and the House are expected to vote this week on whether to override Presi-dent Obama’s veto of a bill that would allow families of the victims of the Sept. 11 at-tacks to sue Saudi Arabia for any role it had in the terrorist operations. The lawmakers should let the veto stand. The legislation, called the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, would expand an exception to sovereign immunity, the legal principle that protects foreign countries and their diplomats from lawsuits in the Amer-ican legal system. While the aim—to give the families their day in court—is compas-sionate, the bill complicates the United States’ relationship with Saudi Arabia and could expose the American government, citi-zens and corporations to lawsuits abroad. Moreover, legal experts like Stephen Vladeck of the University of Texas School of Law and Jack Goldsmith of Harvard Law School doubt that the legislation would ac-tually achieve its goal. Co-sponsored by Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, and Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, the measure is intended to overcome a series of court rul-ings that have blocked all lawsuits filed by the 9/11 families against the Saudi govern-ment. The Senate passed the bill unani-mously in May, and the House gave its ap-proval this month. The legislation would, among other things, amend a 1976 law that grants other countries broad immunity from American lawsuits— unless the country is on the State Depart-ment’s list of state sponsors of terrorism (Iran, Sudan and Syria) or is alleged to have committed a terrorist attack that killed Americans on United States soil. The new bill would clarify that foreign governments can be held liable for aiding terrorist groups, even if that conduct occurred overseas. Advocates say the measure is narrowly drawn, but administration officials argue that it would apply much more broadly and result in retaliatory actions by other na-tions. The European Union has warned that if the bill becomes law, other countries could adopt similar legislation defining their own 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.041 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6031 September 28, 2016 
exemptions to sovereign immunity. Because no country is more engaged in the world than the United States—with military bases, drone operations, intelligence missions and training programs—the Obama administra-tion fears that Americans could be subject to legal actions abroad. The legislation is motivated by a belief among the 9/11 families that Saudi Arabia played a role in the attacks, because 15 of the 19 hijackers, who were members of Al Qaeda, were Saudis. But the independent American commission that investigated the attacks found no evidence that the Saudi government or senior Saudi officials fi-nanced the terrorists. Proponents of the legislation cite two as-sassination cases in which legal claims were allowed against Chile and Taiwan. Adminis-tration officials, however, say that those cases alleged the direct involvement of for-eign government agents operating in the United States. The current debate is complicated by the fact that Saudi Arabia is a difficult ally, at odds with the United States over the Iran nuclear deal, a Saudi-led war in Yemen and the war in Syria. It is home of the fundamen-talist strand of Islam known as Wahhabism, which has inspired many of the extremists the United States is trying to defeat. But it is also a partner in combating terrorism. The legislation could damage this fraught rela-tionship. Riyadh has already threatened to withdraw billions of dollars in American- based assets to protect them from court ac-tion. The desire to assist the Sept. 11 families is understandable, and the bill is expected to become law. The question is, at what cost? 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my oppo-sition to the veto override vote that occurred earlier today in the U.S. Senate on S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, and that will take place shortly in the U.S. House. While 9/11 will continue to haunt Americans and loved ones will always mourn those lost during the terrorist attacks on that day, this legislation is not the solution. I am deeply concerned for the future implications of this measure. JASTA would allow U.S. nationals to sue foreign governments in federal court even if that country is not on the Department of State’s list of state sponsors of terrorism. Law-suits must involve death, injury, or property damage and must be caused by an act of international terrorism in the U.S. The bill also allows civil claims to be brought against for-eign states or officials that are state sponsors of terrorism if their conduct contributes to an attack that kills an American outside of the United States. This legislation would not protect Americans from future attacks nor would it improve na-tional security. This bill would remove recip-rocal agreements that now protect not only other allies, but also the U.S., from such law-suits in other countries. The long-term impact on our country’s national security is at stake. This bill would place not only our close secu-rity cooperation relationships at risk, but also U.S. service members abroad. Families are looking for accountability in the ability to sue foreign governments, specifically Saudi Arabia. I have deep sympathy for these families who have suffered so much. However, I do not believe that this is the most viable path to justice. This bill could unfortunately backfire and cause more concern to the counterterrorism community. While we still have the chance, I urge my House colleagues to listen to our experts who have given us many warnings about the implications of this legislation. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I fully sympathize with the families of 9/11 victims and understand their desire to hold people ac-countable for that horrific, senseless, cruel at-tack. This sympathy, understandably, prompted many of my colleagues to approve S. 2040 when it was first before Congress. Yet, I am convinced that the Presidential veto of this legislation should be upheld. Everyone should read his veto message on S. 2040 to under-stand the complications and the risks. We already have a mechanism to deal with state-sponsored terrorism—a mechanism to pursue it. When it is designated, we have very strong sanctions that we can employ. The purpose of such a mechanism is to en-sure those sanctions and other steps are brought to bear only after there has been a careful review that establishes state-spon-sored terrorism. In the case of this legislation, the authority is transferred, not just to the at-torneys of the 9/11 families, but to any indi-vidual who wants to file a lawsuit. This opens the United States up to a wide range of reper-cussions that could have negative con-sequences for Americans. Not only would it potentially compromise our security efforts and our diplomatic relation-ships, but it also invites retaliation by other countries. Millions of Americans travel over-seas every year and hundreds of thousands of Americans work overseas including soldiers and diplomats, all of whom could now be sub-jected to harsher activities by other govern-ments without the due process afforded by the United States government. It’s not just that we could have foreign action against American assets, but foreign action against Americans. I think the President’s veto decision is wise, and I support it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the House now has before it the President’s Veto Message accompanying S. 2040, the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act,’’ which would authorize private litigation against for-eign governments in the federal courts of the United States based on allegations that such foreign governments’ actions abroad made them responsible for terrorism-related injuries sustained on U.S. soil. I have stated on numerous times that I be-lieve that President Barack Obama is one of the best and most consequential presidents in American history; his stewardship of American foreign and national security has kept our na-tion safe and restored its reputation as the most respected nation in the world. President Obama has been an outstanding Commander-in-Chief exhibiting exceptional judgment, judgment marked by vision and pur-poseful, conduct that has been steady and re-strained. Mr. Speaker, I take seriously the decision whether to override a presidential veto, par-ticularly one relating to national security and foreign policy but, as it is a duty imposed on the Congress by the Constitution, I do not shrink from the responsibility. I have not voted to override a veto during his tenure. Mr. Speaker, seventeen days ago, we ob-served the 15th anniversary of the day our na-tion faced the greatest loss of life on U.S. soil from a terrorist attack. The years that have passed since that day have not dimmed my memory or diminished my resolve to see an end to terrorism not only in the United States, but around the world. As a Member of Congress and a senior Member of the Committees on Homeland Se-curity and the Judiciary, both of which deal with national security issues, I have long been committed and engaged in efforts to develop policies that anticipate and respond to new and emerging challenges to the security of our nation and the peace and safety of the world. I will never forget September 11, 2001 when 2,977 men, women and children were mur-dered by 19 hijackers who took commercial aircraft and used them as missiles. I stood on the East Front steps of the Cap-itol on September 11, 2001, along with 150 members of the House of Representatives and sang ‘‘God Bless America.’’ I visited the site of the World Trade Center Towers in the aftermath of the attacks and grieved over the deaths of so many of our men, women, and children. I want to thank and commend the work of our first responder community on that day and every day since September 11 for their efforts to protect their communities and our nation from acts of terrorism. Mr. Speaker, September 11, 2001 will al-ways be remembered as a day of tragedy and heroism, heartbreak and courage, and shared loss. But the loss remains especially painful to those whose loved ones died or were injured by the criminal acts of terrorists on that fateful day. On numerous occasions in the months and years after September 11, I met with family members of 9/11 victims and witnessed their devotion to our nation and empathized with their pain, loss, hurt, and desire to obtain jus-tice for their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, in 2007, after many years of tireless struggle, Congress passed H.R. 1, the landmark ‘‘Implementing 9/11 Commission Recommendations Act of 2007,’’ the first bill passed by the Democratic-led 110th Congress after regaining the majority. As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, I worked very hard in getting this bill passed. H.R. 1 was signed into law on August 3, 2007 and implemented the 33 recommenda-tions of the 9/11 Commission, a body com-prised of ten of the most distinguished citizens in this country. Many of the families fought hard for this bill. As a senior member of the Homeland Secu-rity, and Chair of its Transportation Security Subcommittee, I worked closely with my col-leagues across the aisle and in the Senate to strengthen the provisions in H.R. 1 designed to improve transportation security planning, in-formation sharing, and to prevent terrorist from travelling to our country. After passage of H.R. 1, several 9/11 fami-lies brought suit if U.S. courts seeking relief for injuries alleged to have been caused by perpetrators of the September 11 attacks and allegedly sponsored by certain nation-states. Each of their law suits were dismissed by the courts for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction since under current law such actions were barred by the doctrine of sovereign immunity except those brought against nation-states list-ed by the U.S. Department of State as ‘‘state sponsors of terrorism.’’ This is what led to the introduction of the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act,’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.017 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6032 September 28, 2016 
which would allow private litigation against for-eign governments in U.S. courts based on al-legations that such foreign governments’ ac-tions abroad made them responsible for ter-rorism-related injuries on U.S. soil. Thus, the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Ter-rorism Act,’’ amends the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 to create a limited new exception to the Act’s general grant of foreign sovereign immunity. Mr. Speaker, this past July the Judiciary Committee, upon which I sit, held a hearing on S. 2040, the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Ter-rorism Act,’’ at which the bill’s supporters of-fered powerful and compelling testimony in favor of insuring that 9/11 families have ac-cess to their day in U.S. courts against the parties directly and vicariously liable for the in-juries they suffered. As the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigation, I am committed to doing all that I can to ensure that they receive their day in court. I am sensitive, however, to the concerns raised by the Administration regarding unin-tended consequences that may result if the bill is passed in its current form. In particular, the Administration, allied na-tions, and others point out that enactment of S. 2040 in its current form may lead to retalia-tion by other countries against the United States. Additionally, the Administration raises the le-gitimate concern that if enacted in its current form, S. 2040 may hamper cooperation from other nations because they may becqme more reluctant to share sensitive intelligence out of fear that such information may be disclosed in litigation. I am hopeful, however, that after this vote, these legitimate concerns can be addressed and resolved no matter the outcome and I look forward to continuing to work with the Ad-ministration, the bill’s sponsors and sup-porters, and representatives of the 9/11 fami-lies to ensure that the 9/11 victims receive jus-tice without substantial harm to our national security interests. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I will vote to override the President’s veto of S. 2040. I thank the House and Senate sponsors of this important legislation, my colleagues Con-gressmen P
ETER KINGand J ERROLD NADLER of New York, and Senators J
OHN CORNYN of Texas and C
HARLES SCHUMER of New York, for their tireless efforts on behalf of fairness and justice for the 9/11 families. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Will the House, on recon-sideration, pass the bill, the objections of the President to the contrary not-withstanding? Under the Constitution, the vote must be by the yeas and nays. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on passing S. 2040, the objections of the President to the con-trary notwithstanding, will be followed by 5-minute votes on ordering the pre-vious question on House Resolution 897; adopting House Resolution 897, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing S. 3283. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 348, nays 77, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: [Roll No. 564] YEAS—348 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—77 
Bass Benishek Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Buck Capps Carson (IN) Chaffetz Clay Clyburn Cohen Conaway Conyers Cooper Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeSaulnier DesJarlais Edwards Ellison Farr Frankel (FL) Garamendi Grayson Grijalva Grothman Hartzler Heck (WA) Hinojosa Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kind King (IA) Kline Larsen (WA) Lee Lewis Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Moore Moulton Nunes O’Rourke Perlmutter Quigley Ribble Richmond Ruppersberger Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Sessions Sherman Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Takano Thompson (CA) Thornberry Turner Vargas Veasey Visclosky Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Castor (FL) 
NOT VOTING—5 
Black Kirkpatrick Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
b1501 Messrs. RICHMOND, D
ESJARLAIS, CARSON of Indiana, GROTHMAN, and Ms. WILSON of Florida changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. COURTNEY, M
CNERNEY, Mrs. LAWRENCE, Messrs. JODY B. HICE of Georgia, HIGGINS, and KELLY of Mississippi changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So, two-thirds having voted in favor thereof, the bill was passed, the objec-tions of the President to the contrary notwithstanding. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will notify the Senate of the ac-tion of the House. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.057 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6033 September 28, 2016 
of approval or disapproval of pro-ceedings is in violation of the rules of the House. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 5303, WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 6094, REGU-LATORY RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, SCHOOLS, AND NONPROFITS ACT; AND PRO-VIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DUR-ING THE PERIOD FROM SEP-TEMBER 29, 2016, THROUGH NO-VEMBER 11, 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 897) providing for fur-ther consideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6094) to provide for a 6-month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, adminis-trative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees; and providing for proceedings during the period from September 29, 2016, through November 11, 2016, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 183, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 565] YEAS—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
Black Kirkpatrick Poe (TX) Pompeo Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1508 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 191, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 566] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.044 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6034 September 28, 2016 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
Black Kirkpatrick Poe (TX) Pompeo Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1520 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PFC JAMES DUNN VA CLINIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3283) to designate the commu-nity-based outpatient clinic of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in Pueb-lo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 567] YEAS—423 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Rice (SC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.013 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6035 September 28, 2016 
NOT VOTING—7 
Black Carter (GA) Kirkpatrick Poe (TX) Pompeo Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1527 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidable detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 567. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 892 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5303. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly take the chair. b1528 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole House rose on Tuesday, September 27, 2016, amend-ment No. 25 printed in House Report 114–790 offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA  B
EUTLER ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 233, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 568] AYES—190 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOES—233 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kuster LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Black Cleaver Kirkpatrick McCaul Poe (TX) Pompeo Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1533 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 568, my vote was recorded as an ‘‘aye’’; it should have been recorded as a ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chair, on rollcall Nos. 565–568, I was unable to cast my vote in per-son due to a previously scheduled engage-ment. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and har-bors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.009 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6036 September 28, 2016 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 897 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5303. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1535 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 10 printed in House Re-port 114–790 offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) had been disposed of. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, no further amendment to the amendment in the nature of a substitute referred to in House Resolution 892 shall be in order except those printed in House Re-port 114–794. Each such further amendment shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. GULF COAST OYSTER BED RECOVERY ASSESSMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) G
ULF STATES .—The term ‘‘Gulf States’’ means each of the States of Alabama, Flor-ida, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers. (b) G
ULFCOAST OYSTER BEDRECOVERY AS-
SESSMENT .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Gulf States, shall conduct an as-sessment relating to the recovery of oyster beds on the coast of Gulf States that were damaged by events including— (1) Hurricane Katrina in 2005; (2) the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010; and (3) floods in 2011 and 2016. (c) I
NCLUSION .—The assessment conducted under subsection (b) shall address the bene-ficial use of dredged material in providing substrate for oyster bed development. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the assessment conducted under subsection (b). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, my straightforward amendment calls for the Army Corps of Engineers to per-form a gulf coast oyster bed recovery assessment. Over the last 20 years, the oyster in-dustry on the Gulf Coast has faced some serious challenges. Hurricane Katrina destroyed so many of our oys-ter reefs. The Deepwater Horizon oil spill blanketed many oyster growing areas and resulted in substantial har-vest reductions. More recently, flooding in 2011 and earlier this year produced increased freshwater discharges into many parts of the Gulf and threw off the mix of fresh- and saltwater that oysters need to thrive. In 2001, oyster landings in the Gulf totaled 25.5 million pounds; in 2014, which is the most recent data avail-able, oyster landings in the Gulf were down to 19.9 million. This is a dan-gerous decline that really impacts our oystermen and the overall coastal economies. This industry is especially important to the Gulf Coast. The oyster industry generated nearly $100 million in oyster landings by fishermen in the Gulf States in 2014. And we aren’t just talking about the oystermen themselves. Having a suc-cessful oyster industry also benefits processors, restaurants, transpor-tation, tourism, wholesalers, and re-tailers. Mr. Chairman, I have visited with our local oystermen, and they are real-ly struggling. It is heartbreaking to hear their stories. This is their liveli-hood, but also a way of life for these Americans. We can and we must do more to support their industry. My amendment would pave the way for a partnership between the Army Corps of Engineers and the Gulf States to explore ways to improve future pros-pects for oysters. The assessment will address the beneficial use of dredged material and provide substrate for oys-ter bed development. Similar work has been done with the oyster industry in the Chesapeake Bay, and it has been a great success. I also want to point out that improv-ing the oyster beds on the Gulf will also benefit the ecosystem and environ-ment as a whole. As filter feeders, oys-ters provide significant water quality benefits and, as an important prey spe-cies, they support finfish, such as redfish and other species, further up the food chain. States have already been working to improve conditions for the oyster in-dustry through the use of BP settle-ment money, but further partnerships with the Army Corps of Engineers will go a long way. I appreciate Chairman SHUSTER and his staff for working with me on this amendment and for all his work on the underlying bill. Ultimately, I urge my colleagues to stand up for our Gulf Coast oystermen and support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I think the gentleman’s amendment has great merit, and I urge Members to support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I would ask everyone to support this very im-portant amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION. 
(a) P ROJECTS ELIGIBLE FOR ASSISTANCE .— Section 5026(6) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3905(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘or a water recycling project’’ and inserting ‘‘a water re-cycling project, or a project of the Corps of Engineers to provide alternative water sup-plies to reduce aquifer depletion’’. (b) C
REDIT .—Section 5029(b) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(10) C
REDIT .—With respect to a project of the Corps of Engineers to provide alternative water supplies to reduce aquifer depletion, any eligible project costs incurred and the value of any integral in-kind contributions made before receipt of assistance under this subtitle shall be credited toward the 51 per-cent of project costs to be provided by sources of funding other than a secured loan under this subtitle (as described in para-graph (2)(A)).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.054 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6037 September 28, 2016 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, first, let me applaud the chairman’s ef-forts and dedication to moving this re-authorization of the Water Resources Development Act. Continued invest-ment in water infrastructure projects is critical to my constituents and com-munities all over the country who rely on water infrastructure to protect our communities and to strengthen the competitiveness of private enterprise. The amendment I am offering today builds upon past successes of the chair-man and the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee. It seeks to amend the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance Innovation Act, or WIFIA, so that it will better address the problem of groundwater depletion, an issue that is becoming more and more widespread throughout communities all over the United States. According to the U.S. Geological Sur-vey, groundwater is the source of drinking water for about half of the total U.S. population and nearly all of the rural population. USGS also esti-mates that groundwater provides over 50 billion gallons per day for agricul-tural needs. In order to ensure ade-quate water availability for our com-munities and our farmers, it is vital to advance infrastructure projects that produce pressure on aquifers that sup-ply groundwater. In many parts of the country, water availability is at risk due to rates of groundwater pumping that outpace the ability of regional aquifers to recharge. The problem has only grown worse with the recent onslaught of wide-spread drought. WIFIA was passed in the 2014 WRDA bill, and is an important tool that will accelerate water infrastructure invest-ment in many important water projects. However, the program does not provide support for alternative water delivery projects aimed at reduc-ing aquifer depletion. My amendment to WRDA clarifies the law to ensure that these types of groundwater con-servation projects qualify for WIFIA fi-nancing. Secondly, it makes a technical modi-fication to ensure that WIFIA financ-ing arrangements consider the total cost of the project, which will help ad-vance projects already under construc-tion. Aquifer depletion threatens our com-munities and industries that rely on a constant supply of groundwater, so it is critical to support investment in projects that aim to address this seri-ous problem. Therefore, I urge my col-leagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, although I am not in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I think the gentleman has identified a real and continuing issue, and I suggest that Members support his amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the ranking mem-ber and express my appreciation to the chairman for his support of the amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CULBERSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1ll. FLOOD MITIGATION AND RIERINE RESTORATION PROGRAM. 
The Secretary shall expedite carrying out the project for flood risk management, Brays Bayou, Texas, authorized by item 6 in sec-tion 211(f) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-303). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, this simple amendment that I am offer-ing today with my colleague and good friend, Congressman A
LGREEN of Hous-ton, would direct the Secretary to ex-pedite a project that we both share in Houston, the Brays Bayou flood miti-gation project. b1545 It was authorized back in 1996. We have experienced massive flooding in southeast Texas, and tremendous dam-age to homes and businesses through-out the area that Congressman G
REEN  and I represent. It is vital that this project be com-pleted as soon as possible. Expediting this project will remove 29,000 homes and businesses from a 100-year flood plain. The project is essential to reduce the devastation and suffering the peo-ple of Houston and Harris County have experienced in recent years. I am proud to offer the amendment today with my colleague, Mr. A
L G
REEN of Houston. I want to thank the Rules Committee for making the amendment in order. I especially want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and his very capable committee staff for their assistance with this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the chairperson of the committee, as well as the ranking member. I am so honored to be associ-ated with this amendment. In Houston, Texas, we have floods that total $1 billion in damages, and it is not unusual for this to occur within a 1-year period of time. We had the tax day flood and the Memorial Day flood. I also would call to your attention that we have lost a total of 17 lives in the last two floods. So this amendment is going to go a long way toward pre-venting flooding. It won’t end it all, but it will help us greatly, and it may save some lives. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is very straight-forward. We are simply expediting the funding that has already been appro-priated, already been authorized, and already set aside for this project to en-sure that the Corps gives the Brays Bayou project the same priority and the same urgency that it has, for exam-ple, with other projects in the area like Buffalo. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to work with my colleague, Congressman AL G
REEN . I move passage of the amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I congratulate the two gentlemen on a very sensitive and positive bipartisan amendment which expedites a critical authorized and appropriated project. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I neglected to thank Mr. C
ULBER -
SON. It really has been a pleasure working with Congressman C
ULBERSON on this project. This has been something, as the gentleman knows, that our con-stituents have demanded that we pay some attention to. I hope that this will help to satisfy some of the concerns that have been raised that the gen-tleman and I have tried to address. So I thank the gentleman. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
FARENTHOLD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.057 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6038 September 28, 2016 
SEC. ll. INITIATING WORK ON SEPARABLE ELE-MENTS. 
With respect to a water resources develop-ment project that has received construction funds in the previous 6-year period, for pur-poses of initiating work on a separable ele-ment of the project— (1) no new start or new investment deci-sion shall be required; and (2) the work shall be treated as ongoing work. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, the Office of Management and Budget has imposed the need for a new start or a new investment determination for projects that have been previously fully authorized and have actually begun work despite a lack of written policy or standards. Many of these critical projects, like one in the district I represent, the Port of Corpus Christi Channel Improve-ment Project, which was fully author-ized in WRDA 2007 and reauthorized in WRRDA 2014, have been halted even though parts of the project have been completed. The purpose of my amendment sim-ply states that separate elements of a previously authorized project do not constitute a new start but are, in fact, a continuation and ongoing work. The new start determination and advancing separable elements of the entire project slows things down as we have to get a new start finding on every ele-ment. Slowing it down deprives the communities of much-needed improve-ments and actually raises the entire cost of the project. This amendment considers separable elements to be con-tinuations of the fully authorized project. The approach taken by the OMB, with respect to considering separable elements as a new start, is counter-productive to the work we have been doing on the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee in streamlining the review process, improving project delivery efforts, facilitating acceler-ated funding of projects, and reestab-lishing the Nation’s trade and eco-nomic prowess with major port infra-structure projects like the Port of Cor-pus Christi. Mr. Chairman, I urge members to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . SAM 
JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 153. LOWER BOIS D’ARC CREEK RESERVOIR PROJECT, FANNIN COUNTY, TEXAS. 
(a) F INALIZATION REQUIRED .—Not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary shall finalize all permit decisions and publish all decision documents related to the construc-tion of, impoundment of water in, and oper-ation of, the Lower Bois d’Arc Creek Res-ervoir Project, including any associated water transmission facilities, by the North Texas Municipal Water District in Fannin County, Texas. (b) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than June 30, 2017, the Secretary shall report to Con-gress on the status of the permit decisions and related documents described in sub-section (a) and whether or not the Secretary anticipates being able to meet the deadline established in such subsection, including, if applicable, a justification of why the Sec-retary may fail to meet such deadline. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise today, along with my fellow Texans, P
ETE SESSIONS , JOHN R
ATCLIFFE , and E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON, with an amendment that is abso-lutely vital for north Texas. Mr. Chairman, north Texas is no stranger to drought. And with our area booming, the need for water is as great as ever. That is why for years the North Texas Municipal Water District has been working hard to get State and Federal approval to construct the Lower Bois d’Arc Creek Reservoir in Fannin County. In fact, they have been working at it for 10 years. The good news is that the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality has already issued the State permit for this locally funded project. But here is the bad news: Federal bureaucrats have been holding up the permit for the project, specifically the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers. There is no end in sight to the delay which will lead to a manmade water crisis. The bottom line is there won’t be enough water to meet demand in north Texas without this new reservoir in as few as 4 years. This isn’t simply water for our lawns. It is about having the water to support our fast growing regional economy. Earlier this summer, The Dallas Morn-ing News ran an editorial with the title: ‘‘EPA’s delay of Fannin County reservoir could threaten North Texas economy,’’ which I include in the R
ECORD . 
[The Dallas Morning News, June 10, 2016] EPA’
SDELAY OF FANNIN COUNTY RESERVOIR  C
OULD THREATEN NORTH TEXAS ECONOMY  For nearly a decade, the North Texas Mu-nicipal Water District has tried to build the Lower Bois d’Arc Reservoir in Fannin Coun-ty to support the rapid growth in cities like Frisco, Plano and other municipalities north and east of Dallas. The project was moving forward until last year, when the Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency abruptly shifted course at the last minute to require a more detailed analysis of the envi-ronmental impact to forested wetlands near the proposed reservoir. Completion of the $1 billion, 16,526-acre project has been delayed from 2020 to possibly 2022. Federal environmental reviews are com-plicated matters, but what makes this par-ticularly disturbing is that the EPA appears to be changing the rules in the middle of the process without much regard to real-world consequences for North Texas. The project received its state water rights approval last summer and had expected to secure the nec-essary federal permits by the end of last year. Those permits would have kept the project on schedule, allowing the reservoir to open in 2020 with enough capacity to provide the region with water through at least 2040. EPA and Army Corp officials say they are only following the law, but they’re also mak-ing a high-stakes gamble with the region’s economic well-being. Even with normal North Texas temperatures and rainfall, Collin County is on pace to face water supply issues by 2020 unless this reservoir is con-structed. A major drought would be even more problematic. Rest assured, this issue is more serious than brown lawns and restrictive watering schedules. Water rates would soar. Construc-tion would slow, and there could be tense moments for sanitation and fire fighting, too. Emergency water supplies would be dif-ficult to obtain. Dallas and other neigh-boring water districts would have their own challenges, and water from outside Texas couldn’t be tapped without more regulatory battles and technical complications that would make supplies prohibitively expensive. Dozens of mayors and members of Congress have pressed for faster action only to be told the review will be completed on the regu-lators’ schedule. Frustrated, U.S. Rep. Sam Johnson recently introduced a bill to exempt the project from the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and speed up construction. We don’t back this bill, but, like the congress-man and various other elected officials, we agree that it is time for this project to move forward at a faster pace. North Texas’ population is expected to mushroom in the next quarter-century. The Army Corps and EPA need to find a way to allow this vital water project to be com-pleted without further delay. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. That is why I am offering this amendment which would require the EPA and Army Corps to issue a final permit for the construction of the reservoir no later than September 30, 2017. North Texans want, need, and de-serve this reservoir, a reservoir already approved by the State. I am absolutely committed to getting this done, and I ask all the Members to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am not op-posed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I would like to express my strong support for this bi-partisan amendment which would help the north Texas region meet its future water needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.024 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6039 September 28, 2016 
The North Texas Municipal Water District has long endeavored to develop a reservoir project in Fannin County, Texas. This project would help address the growing population within the water district which is expected to dou-ble to 3.7 million residents within the next 50 years. The project would also support millions of dollars in regional economic growth while helping us to meet the projected north Texas water supply needs through 2040 and beyond. To date, the North Texas Municipal Water District has faced tremendous obstacles during the permitting proc-ess, which has hindered progress on this crucial project. This amendment would simply compel the Environ-mental Protection Agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to issue a final permit for the construction of the reservoir no later than September 30 of next year. The Texas delegation has a long his-tory of coming together and reaching across the aisle to accomplish great things for our State. The process be-hind this amendment was no different, and I am proud to work with my col-leagues to offer this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Texas, Congresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON . She and I have been friends forever. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ), my good friend. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, I want to stand before this body and thank the gentleman, S
AMJOHNSON , and the gentlewoman, E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON , for their support in this im-portant effort. Mr. Chairman, what we are doing here today is most important. We are trying to prepare for future genera-tions of people who will be living in Texas who want and need to make sure that we have water reservoirs that are available and prepared for that growth that will occur. This is not a partisan issue, and it is not a political issue. It is a regional issue. It is something that we have worked on very diligently. Congressman S
AMJOHNSON and Con-gresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  have gathered together, and we have worked to make sure that as we talk about this project we have worked with the EPA, we have worked with the Corps of Engineers, we have worked with the North Texas Municipal Water District, and we have made sure that during this process that we have all stuck to our word. This opportunity that we have today is to make sure that we stick to our word, that all of the organizations who have worked with us know that we have set a date by which this must be done. There are lots of ways for people to slip out, find problems, and ignore the things which are team oriented. I think that what S
AMJOHNSON is doing here today makes real sense, and that is why last night at the Rules Committee I made sure that we not only made this in order today, but that we can do this together. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Dallas, Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ), and the gentleman from Plano, Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ), for the work that they have done. I thank the gentleman for the time that he has yielded me. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have no further comments. I just wish to request sup-port for this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank both of you all and all our Dallas delegation, the Texas delegation really, for this interest. My commonsense amendment is in-tended to prevent a real water crisis— which we are getting close to—by get-ting the Federal Government to finally issue the needed permit for this vital local reservoir project. I ask all my colleagues to support this amendment. Please pass this amendment. Let’s get the water north Texas needs. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ). The amendment was agreed to. b1600 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1ll. CONSIDERATION OF USE OF NATURAL AND NATURE-BASED FEATURE. 
In carrying out the design, construction, maintenance, repair, and rehabilitation of development projects, including flood risk reduction, coastal resiliency, and ecosystem restoration projects, the Secretary shall en-sure that appropriate consideration is given to the use of natural and nature-based fea-tures. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment is very simple. It is a 40-word technical correction from my perspective. This amendment simply states that the Secretary of the U.S. Corps of Engineers needs to consider— it doesn’t mandate anything—it just says they should consider the use of natural and nature-based products when they are looking at various scopes of work. Let me give you an example, Mr. Chairman. I serve the Eighth Congres-sional District of Wisconsin and Green Bay is in my district. The waters of Green Bay have been affected by over-flows of phosphorus and various nutri-ents. In this case, as part of the mitiga-tion of trying to retain that phos-phorus on the ground rather than in the bay, the Corps of Engineers could use natural berms. They could use weeds and grasses and different land-scaping methods that are both aesthet-ically and technically better in this case. So my amendment simply says that in this case the Secretary should allow consideration of these products. Not recommend them, not push them, not advocate for them, but simply have them in their consideration as they carry out the design, construction, maintenance, repair, and rehabilita-tion of water resources in this country. This amendment is supported by the American Council of Engineering Com-panies, the American Shore and Beach Preservation Association, the Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers, the American Society of Landscape Archi-tects, and about ten others or so. Mr. Chairman, that is the scope of the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, though I am not in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to congratulate the gentleman on his persistence. This is a very com-monsense amendment and it could have tremendous benefits nationwide. It is great policy. I congratulate him for his persistence because this amend-ment was rejected in committee, but things seem different on the floor, and that is great. I urge our colleagues to support this fully. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I also thank the ranking member for his words. I want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER as well for recognizing that this amendment has merit. I recommend that my colleagues sup-port this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) assumed the chair. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has passed with an amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.065 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6040 September 28, 2016 
H.R. 5325. An act making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
KENTUCKY  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ULTGREN ). It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. RECREATIONAL ACCESS. 
Section 1035 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1234) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
ECREATIONAL ACCESS .—The Secretary shall allow the use of a floating cabin on waters under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary in the Cumberland River basin if— ‘‘(1) the floating cabin— ‘‘(A) is in compliance with, and maintained by the owner to satisfy the requirements of, regulations for recreational vessels, includ-ing health and safety standards, issued under chapter 43 of title 46, United States Code, and section 312 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322); and ‘‘(B) is located at a marina leased by the Corps of Engineers; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary has authorized the use of recreational vessels on such waters.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the Secretary to impose requirements on a floating cabin or on any facility that serves a floating cabin, including marinas or docks located on waters under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary in the Cumberland River basin, that are different or more stringent than the re-quirements imposed on all recreational ves-sels authorized to use such waters. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(A) V
ESSEL .—The term ‘vessel’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of title 1, United States Code. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The term ‘require-ment’ includes a requirement imposed through the utilization of guidance.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, this small legislative clarifica-tion will go a long way to promote tourism and economic opportunity on Corps lakes. Beautiful Lake Cumberland, in my Congressional District, is the largest man-made lake east of the Mississippi. Located within a day’s drive of 87 mil-lion Americans and with over 1,200 miles of pristine coastline, it is the ideal location for families to enjoy a week or a weekend on a houseboat. Indeed, Lake Cumberland was once the houseboat capital of America, but that all abruptly changed when a major Corps rehabilitation project on the dam coincided with a downturn of the U.S. economy in 2007. The Corps had to lower the lake by some 43 feet to repair damage to Wolf Creek Dam, and the houseboat business was all but decimated. It took 7 years to complete this project and restore lake levels, but I am proud to say, Mr. Chairman, that Lake Cumberland is now open for busi-ness. Unfortunately, the Corps has not been as eager as others to bring back the vibrant houseboat industry that once flourished in this region, or to support the emerging floating cabin in-dustry that promises to make lake life accessible to more and more vaca-tioners and families. With Chairman SHUSTER ’s support, we added bipartisan language to the last WRDA bill to ensure that floating cabins, once garnering safety approval by the U.S. Coast Guard, would be per-mitted on Corps lakes. However, the Corps has since found new and creative ways to continue banning floating cab-ins from their lakes, particularly through the promulgation of overly burdensome guidance with require-ments far more stringent than those health and safety standards expected by the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard has successfully safeguarded our maritime system since its creation in 1790, and it is, therefore, the Coast Guard that should be the lead Federal agency in regulating the vessels that navigate our Federal wa-terways. Today’s amendment simply reinforces congressional intent to en-sure that there is one standard for these floating cabins, and that stand-ard would be set by the U.S. Coast Guard. Safety should always remain our highest priority, and I am con-fident these cabins will create exciting new opportunities at Lake Cumberland and other Corps lakes. I urge support of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. Y
ODER ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . ROUZER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. NO WAKE ZONES FOR VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall work with State and local officials to establish a no wake zone for vessels in a covered naviga-tion channel if— (1) State or local law enforcement officers have documented that there exist safety haz-ards that are a direct result of excessive wakes in the channel; (2) a State law has been enacted to estab-lish a no wake zone for the channel or waters adjacent to the channel; and (3) the no wake zone complies with any recommendation made by the Commandant of the Coast Guard to ensure the safety of vessels operating in the zone and the safety of the passengers and crew aboard such ves-sels. (b) EXCEPTION .—A no wake zone estab-lished pursuant to this section shall not apply to the operation of a towing vessel, as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code. (c) C
OVERED NAVIGATION CHANNEL .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered navigation chan-nel’’ means a navigation channel that— (1) is federally marked or maintained; (2) is part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Wa-terway; and (3) is adjacent to a marina. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I have come here to the floor this afternoon because there is a specific and, I would argue, unique public safety concern that I have in my district right along the Intracoastal Waterway. Specifi-cally, it is right there at Southport Marina. Let me give you a visual description of what is taking place there. When you are traveling up the Intracoastal Waterway, particularly from the south, you can’t see the Southport Marina at all. There is not a no-wake zone there. Because you can’t see the Southport Marina, these boats, particularly the recreational users, fly right on through there. This is a high traffic area, particu-larly during the spring and summer months when you have a lot of rec-reational boaters on the water. This is a growing area. In fact, this has been a public safety concern for some time; so much of a public safety concern, that the State of North Carolina passed a law requiring that this area adjacent to the Southport Marina be a no-wake zone. The problem is the Army Corps of Engineers and the Coast Guard won’t recognize it. So let me give you this mental pic-ture again. You have got the Intra-coastal Waterway, you have a marina that most boaters, particularly those speeding up from the south, can’t see on the left-hand side. They are flying through there. You have all kinds of boats coming in and out, recreational boats coming in and out of the marina. This is a major accident waiting to happen. The local sheriff’s office is quite con-cerned about this. The local govern-ment and county commissioners, town, and all of the local citizens are quite concerned about this. Again, I want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.026 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6041 September 28, 2016 
stress that there has been so much con-cern about this that the State of North Carolina passed a law requiring this area to be a no-wake zone. So this is not an amendment in any way, shape, or form to require or at-tempt to persuade the Corps of Engi-neers or Coast Guard to get in the busi-ness of no-wake zones. However, it is designed to encourage the Corps and the Coast Guard to work with the locals and the State to address this sig-nificant public safety issue. The amendment is narrowly crafted so as to avoid creating any other speed bump, for example, up and down the In-tracoastal Waterway. And there is an exception made for tugboat operators, because I certainly recognize that they have to maintain a certain speed in order to get the cargo through the wa-terway. I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I would ask the author—I am a bit puzzled, and we have been unable to get an answer expeditiously from the Coast Guard— you are saying the Coast Guard will not recognize the no-wake zone, but the enforcement would fall to the local harbor patrol or the local authorities. So there is a no-wake zone that the local officials can fine or penalize peo-ple who violate it, can they not? Mr. ROUZER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield to the gen-tleman from North Carolina. Mr. ROUZER. Here is the situation. There is not a no-wake zone there be-cause the Army Corps and the Coast Guard do not recognize it. The State passed a law requiring that there be a no-wake zone, but there is not one be-cause Federal law, obviously, super-sedes State law. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, I think we have got an issue here that doesn’t require legis-lation. I am not going to object to this going forward, but I think we can get the attention of the Coast Guard and figure out what is going on here be-cause I am not aware—and I live on a boat in D.C. and I have spent a lot of time on the water and I have been on the Intracoastal Waterway. I am not aware that the Coast Guard has any authority over locally declared no- wake zones to preempt them, and I am puzzled as to why they would do that in this particular case. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I think the problem specifically is that it is Federal water. I would add, again to paint a mental picture here, you have State and local officials that want to have a no-wake zone; and the only rea-son why there is not a no-wake zone there is because the Army Corps of En-gineers and the Coast Guard do not rec-ognize it. Again, I would suspect that is specifically because it is Federal water. This amendment is narrowly tailored to address this specific public safety issue. Again, I would encourage my col-leagues to support the amendment. Mr. DEFAZIO. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ROUZER. I yield to the gen-tleman from Oregon. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I am puzzled because, again, I have been on segments of the Intracoastal Water-way, which I guess he is saying are all declared to be Federal waters where there are no-wake zones. So I don’t know what the issue is. I would be happy to work with the gentleman on this, and I am not going to object to the amendment at this point. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, I appreciate the comments of the ranking member. And to be quite candid, I don’t understand why they won’t follow it either, which is why I am here. I greatly appreciate the ranking member and his support, and I look for-ward to working to get this resolved. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). The amendment was agreed to. b1615 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–794. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ICE JAM PREVENTION AND MITIGA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out projects under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s), including planning, design, construction, and moni-toring of structural and nonstructural tech-nologies and measures for preventing and mitigating flood damages associated with ice jams. (b) I
NCLUSION .—The projects described in subsection (a) may include the development and demonstration of cost-effective tech-nologies and designs developed in consulta-tion with— (1) the Cold Regions Research and Engi-neering Laboratory of the Corps of Engi-neers; (2) universities; (3) Federal, State, and local agencies; and (4) private organizations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, first, I thank my partner in offering this amendment, Representative ELISE S
TEFANIK . Our bipartisan amendment is simple. It is identical to language in the Senate-passed WRDA that allows the Army Corps of Engineers to pursue projects and technologies that prevent and mitigate flood damage that is asso-ciated with ice jams. Every year, flooding that results from the piling up of frozen ice in riv-ers across the United States costs our economy millions of dollars. When free-floating ice catches on obstruc-tions, such as bridge pilings, rocks, or logs, flooding can result upstream from the blockage and, again, downstream when the ice finally releases. During my time in the New York State Assembly, I can remember hear-ing horrible stories from my colleagues in upstate New York and wondering what more could be done to prepare for these events. I know that my friend Representative S
TEFANIK ’s district has been directly impacted by such floods in the recent past, and I am glad that we could come together today to offer this amendment. Currently, research is ongoing re-garding the best practices in planning, design, and construction of Army Corps projects that would help alleviate fu-ture ice jam flooding. I support those efforts and look forward to new tech-nologies and designs that are being de-veloped by local universities, State and local agencies, and even private indus-try. Together, I know that we can do more to combat the hardships that are created in American communities every year by ice jam flooding, and I appreciate the time today to highlight this terrible problem. I urge the Army Corps to continue its efforts at the Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory in Han-over, New Hampshire, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, although I am not in op-position. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I congratulate the gentlewoman on being sensitive to the needs of her dis-trict, which has a very real problem, and this is fully within the authority of the Corps. I wish they had more money with which to do more projects around the country. I tried that yester-day, and it didn’t work, but I will cer-tainly be happy to support this. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG). The amendment was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.073 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6042 September 28, 2016 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–794. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. TRIBAL CONSULTATION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall begin a review of the policies, regulations, and guidance related to con-ducting meaningful consultation with Indian tribes regarding Corps of Engineers flood control, environmental restoration, and other projects or requiring the Corps of Engi-neers to approve a permit that may have an impact on tribal cultural or natural re-sources. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The review required under subsection (a) shall examine and assess the following: (1) How tribal consultation rules apply to the permitting process, especially for projects not on tribal lands but which may still be continguous to such lands or affect tribal cultural and natural resources. (2) How the Corps of Engineers defines meaningful consultation. (3) Whether the current process adequately considers tribal interests including environ-mental, social, health and well-being of trib-al members. (4) How the Corps of Engineers informs tribes that it will not consider concerns or alternatives raised during the consultation process. (5) How the Corps of Engineers determines a project’s impact on tribal communities in-cluding the Corps ability to protect cultural and natural resources such as water. (6) The specific situations by which tribes have access to high level Corps of Engineers officials such as the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works) and the Chief of En-gineers to dispute or otherwise direct con-cerns about pending Corps of Engineers projects or permits, including examples of instances in which the Corps of Engineers provided such access as part of its consulta-tion with a tribe regarding a particular project. (7) The role of headquarters in overseeing tribal consultation being done at the Dis-trict and Division levels. (8) The effectiveness of the dispute resolu-tion process that has been developed to ele-vate tribal concerns to higher levels of Corps of Engineers oversight and review. (9) Whether the Corps should undertake a rulemaking process related to its tribal con-sultation policies and procedures. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In completing the re-view required under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall provide for public and private meetings with Indian tribes and other stake-holders. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after be-ginning the review under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress, and pub-lish in the Federal Register, a report on— (1) the results of the review; (2) any proposed changes to the tribal con-sultation policies determined necessary as a result of the review; and (3) if the Secretary determines that no changes to the tribal consultation policies are necessary, the justification for such de-termination. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I will be brief. We are all aware of the latest con-troversy surrounding the failure of the Federal Government to consult with Native American tribes. Wisely, the Obama administration has postponed work on the Dakota Access pipeline while it meets to hear tribes’ concerns about the inadequacy of the consulting process in that case and, more broadly, across the Federal Government. In the bill before us, Mr. Chairman, we are au-thorizing billions of dollars in Army Corps of Engineers projects and pro-viding direction for work it is doing in almost every community throughout our great country. There is no question that the Corps’ responsibility to undertake this work and the indigenous people’s desire and ability to protect their cultural and natural resources will continue to clash, and we know that tribes con-tinue to be frustrated by how Federal agencies, including the Army Corps, do their so-called consulting with them. I share this frustration. I would love to go much further with this amendment, but my amendment, Mr. Chairman, simply requires the Army Corps to work with tribes to re-view its current consultation policies. Let me just read a little bit, Mr. Chair-man, because it sounds good on paper. ‘‘All federally recognized Tribes are sovereign governments and will be treated with respect. . . . The trust re-sponsibility will be honored and ful-filled. . . . The Federal Government has a unique legal and political rela-tionship with Tribal governments that recognizes self-government and self-de-termination,’’ et cetera. I include in the R
ECORD this policy. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY, U.S. A
RMYCORPS OF ENGINEERS , Washington, DC, November 1, 2012. Memorandum for Commanders, Directors and Chiefs of Separate Offices, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Subject: Tribal Consultation Policy 1. This memorandum affirms and formal-izes current tribal consultation procedures for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE). 2. The interaction between the federal gov-ernment and federally recognized Indian Tribes (including Alaska Natives) has its ori-gins in the U.S. Constitution and has been upheld and defined through Treaties, U.S. Supreme Court cases, various statutes and regulations, presidential documents and policies, including the Department of De-fense American Indian and Alaska Native Policy, and the USACE Tribal Policy Prin-ciples, recently reissued on 10 May 2010. 3. The Policy provides an outline of our re-sponsibilities to federally recognized Tribes as well as a framework for consulting with them. It is purposefully general in nature be-cause each of the 565 federally recognized American Indian and Alaska Native Tribes are distinct and separate governments, re-quiring a consultation process that may be completely unique to them. 4. USACE recognizes the sovereign status of Tribal governments and our obligation for pre-decisional government-to-government consultation. USACE also recognizes the unique role Tribes play as partners in water resources projects and seeks to develop rela-tionships with all Tribes who may need our assistance in their capacity building and self-determination. 5. USACE has an excellent tribal program coordinated by a tribal liaison at Head-quarters and a point of contact or liaison in each District and Division office. These ex-perts are ready to support you and answer any questions you have regarding tribal poli-cies. 6. An accountable process to interact with Tribes is mandated in Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments, 06 Nov 2000, and Presi-dential Memorandum, Tribal Consultation, 05 Nov 2009. Please ensure that your staff is aware of and abides by our Consultation Pol-icy to ensure effective and mutually bene-ficial relationships with tribal partners. THOMAS P. B OSTICK , Lieutenant General, U.S. Army Commanding. 
U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS  
TRIBAL CONSULTATION POLICY  1. References. a. U.S. Constitution, Articles I, Section 8; Article VI. b. National Historic Preservation Act. c. American Indian Religious Freedom Act. d. Archaeological Resources Protection Act. e. Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act. f. Religious Freedom Restoration Act. g. Executive Order 13007, Indian Sacred Sites, 24 May 1996. h. Department of Defense American Indian and Alaska Native Policy, 20 Oct 1998. i. Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Govern-ments, 06 Nov 2000. j. Engineer Regulation 1105–2–100, Planners Guidance Notebook, 22 Apr 2000. k. Department of Defense Instruction Number 4710.02: DoD Interactions with Fed-erally Recognized Tribes, 14 Sep 2006. l. Army Regulation 200–1, Environmental Protection and Enhancement, 13 Dec 2007. m. Engineer Regulation 1130–2–540, Project Operations—Environmental Stewardship Op-erations and Maintenance Guidelines and Procedures, 11 Aug 2008. n. Presidential Memorandum, Tribal Con-sultation, 5 Nov 2009. o. USACE Tribal Policy Principles, 18 Feb 1998 and 10 May 2010. p. Announcement of Presidential support for the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, Public Papers of the President, December 16, 2010. 2. Purpose. On November 5, 2009, President Barack Obama issued a Memorandum to the heads of all federal agencies entitled Tribal Consultation (74 Fed Reg 57881) reaffirming Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Co-ordination with Indian Tribal Governments (65 Fed Reg 67249) signed by President Wil-liam J. Clinton on November 6, 2000. E.O. 13175 requires all federal agencies to formu-late ‘‘an accountable process to ensure meaningful and timely input by tribal offi-cials in the development of regulatory poli-cies that have tribal implications.’’ This doc-ument affirms the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers’ (USACE) commitment to engage in consultation with federally recognized Tribes. 3. Background. There are responsibilities to Tribes resulting from the Federal Trust Doctrine, as well as from Treaties, statutes, regulations, Executive Orders and agree-ments between the United States govern-ment and tribal governments. Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.077 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6043 September 28, 2016 
Defense American Indian and Alaska Native Policy, Department of Defense Instruction number 4710.02: DoD Interactions with Feder-ally Recognized Tribes, and US Army Corps of Engineers Tribal Policy Principles (At-tachment 1) provide guidance. For the purposes of this policy, the fol-lowing definitions are applied: a. Tribe: Indian Tribes as defined in E.O. 13175, ‘‘an Indian or Alaska Native tribe, band, nation, pueblo, village, or community that the Secretary of the Interior acknowl-edges to exist as an Indian tribe pursuant to the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994, 25 USC 479a.’’ b. Consultation: Open, timely, meaningful, collaborative and effective deliberative com-munication process that emphasizes trust, respect and shared responsibility. To the ex-tent practicable and permitted by law, con-sultation works toward mutual consensus and begins at the earliest planning stages, before decisions are made and actions are taken; an active and respectful dialogue con-cerning actions taken by the USACE that may significantly affect tribal resources, tribal rights (including treaty rights) or In-dian lands. 4. Applicability. This regulation applies to all HQUSACE elements, Major Subordinate Commands, District Commands, the Insti-tute for Water Resources, the Humphreys Engineering Center Support Activity, and the Engineer Research and Development Center. 5. General Policy. The Tribal Policy Prin-ciples. a. All federally recognized Tribes are sov-ereign governments and will be treated with respect. (1) Sovereignty is the foundation of tribal governments. (2) Tribes are responsible for their own governance and management. b. The Trust responsibility will be honored and fulfilled. (1) The federal government has a unique legal and political relationship with Tribal governments that recognizes self-govern-ment and self-determination. (2) USACE is committed to supporting projects and programs beneficial to Tribes through partnership with them. (3) USACE will ensure that it addresses Tribal concerns regarding protected tribal resources, tribal rights (including treaty rights) and Indian lands. (4) USACE will protect and allow access to protected tribal resources under USACE ju-risdiction to the extent practicable, and will work to develop and implement access poli-cies as needed. (5) USACE will share information that is not otherwise controlled or classified infor-mation. c. USACE will maintain a government-to- government relationship with Tribes. (1) Tribes have a unique and distinctive po-litical and legal relationship with the United States. (2) A Tribe may have access to the Chief of Engineers, the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), and other high level in-dividuals if the need arises. (3) While most interaction will be staff to staff, decision making will be leader to lead-er (the head of the Tribe and the district commander), with the assistance of the local subject matter expert (typically, the Tribal Liaison). d. Consultation will be an integral, invalu-able process of USACE planning and imple-mentation. (1) When appropriate, potentially affected Tribes, as determined by the Corps, includ-ing Tribes whose aboriginal territories ex-tend to the lands where an activity would occur, will be contacted by letter, telephone or e-mail sufficiently early to allow a timely review of the proposed action. If contacted Tribes notify USACE that other Tribes are potentially affected, USACE has the respon-sibility to notify those Tribes as well. (2) Any activity that has the potential to significantly affect protected tribal re-sources, tribal rights (including treaty rights) and Indian lands-individual projects, programs, permit applications, real estate actions, promulgation of regulations and policies—regardless of land status, will be re-viewed at the district level by an individual who effectively interacts with Tribes, usu-ally the Tribal Liaison. (3) Consultation will be conducted at the district or division level under the guidance of an individual who effectively interacts with Tribes, usually the Tribal Liaison, un-less there is a request for HQUSACE (and/or OASA (CW) in the case of Civil Works) input, or if HQUSACE determines input is nec-essary. (4) Commands will ensure that all Tribes with an interest in a particular activity that has the potential to significantly affect pro-tected tribal resources, tribal rights (includ-ing treaty rights) and Indian lands are con-tacted and their comments taken into con-sideration. (5) Consultation procedures for individual projects or programs may be developed at the local level to meet the needs of par-ticular Tribe(s). (6) In recognition of the varied organiza-tions and customs of different Tribes, writ-ten protocols for consultation procedures may be considered and implemented at the local level with a specific Tribe. (7) A dispute resolution process will be de-veloped during the consultation process, in-cluding a provision to elevate the consulta-tion to higher USACE and/or Tribal levels. (8) Requests for consultation by a Tribe to USACE will be honored. e. USACE will support Tribal self-deter-mination, self reliance and capacity building by: (1) Partnering with Tribes on studies, projects, programs and permitting proce-dures will be supported and promoted to the extent permitted by law and policy. (2) To the extent permitted by law and pol-icy, provide information on opportunities to compete for requests for proposals or other potential contracts with USACE. (3) Sharing appropriate information on USACE programs, policies and procedures, and public documents. (4) Utilizing Tribal knowledge for planning purposes and to inform operational activi-ties. (5) Supporting Tribal efforts to lease and operate water resource projects and lands, where appropriate. (6) Identifying and implementing, within existing authority, other capacity-building opportunities as they occur. f. Protection of natural and cultural re-sources. (1) USACE recognizes the importance of strict compliance with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the National Historic Preserva-tion Act (NHPA) and other statutes con-cerning cultural and natural resources. (2) USACE acknowledges that compliance with the above statutes may not comprise the full range of consultation, nor of cultural property and resource protection. (3) To the extent allowed by law, USACE will protect the location of historic prop-erties, properties of religious and cultural significance, and archaeological resources, in consultation with and when requested by the affected Tribe(s). 6. Responsibilities of Commanders and other USACE officials interacting with fed-erally recognized Tribes. a. Build relationships with Tribes soon after each change of command by face-to- face interaction at the local headquarters or at tribal offices when at all possible. b. Identify and remove procedural impedi-ments to working with Tribes whenever pos-sible. c. Share appropriate Corps procedures, reg-ulations and organizational information with Tribes. d. Maintain open lines of communication through consultation with Tribes during the decision making process for those matters that have the potential to significantly af-fect protected tribal resources, tribal rights (including treaty rights) and Indian lands. e. Provide Tribes with points of contact on project-related issues, and issues in general. f. Encourage partnerships on projects with Tribes wherever possible. g. Encourage collaborative partnerships by other federal and state agencies with Tribes to further their goals and projects. 7. Education. To develop a proactive well- informed workforce, in-house training, work-shops, and an annual meeting of USACE trib-al liaisons have been developed and should be attended by Corps employees who interact with Tribes-liaisons, project managers, pro-gram managers, real estate professionals, regulators, leaders, contracting specialists, etc. 8. Accountability. To assess the effective-ness of USACE Tribal consultation, profes-sionals who interact with Tribes will keep records of consultation meetings and other tribal interactions. These records will be ac-cessible and can be made available for pur-poses of reporting to OMB through DoD as per the reporting requirement in the Presi-dential Proclamation of 5 Nov 2009. The re-port will be synthesized at HQUSACE and transmitted to DoD (OSD) on a yearly basis. A copy of this report will be distributed to federally recognized Tribes upon request. 9. Implementation. USACE will incor-
porate the six Tribal policy principles, in-cluding pre-decisional consultation, into its planning, management, budgetary, oper-ational, and legislative initiatives, manage-ment accountability system and ongoing pol-icy and regulation development processes. 10. General Provision: This policy does not establish new requirements, but reaffirms procedures and policies already in place, clarifies responsibilities and establishes clear measures of implementation success. 
Ms. MOORE. Let me be clear. We may need a formal rulemaking process, but this amendment today doesn’t block any pending project or permit process. I do think it is appropriate, when questions are raised about inad-equate consultation, that we do some-thing here. It is my hope that this re-port will guide Congress within a year, when we consider the next WRDA bill, so that the chairman, the ranking member, and the underlying bill, itself, will make clear that their support for taking up WRDA bills on a regular 2- year cycle will include tribal consulta-tion. Again, these consultations look good on paper, but my amendment wants to formalize the consultation process and get a report. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, although I am not in op-position. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.037 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6044 September 28, 2016 
There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I congratulate my good friend, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin, for bringing forward this important amendment. I think the key thing is what she said at the end, which is that the process may look good on paper but that that is not good enough when we are dealing with sovereign nations. I have restored a tribe in my district and have worked a lot on tribal issues in my 28 years on the Natural Re-sources Committee. I have put an amendment into the FAST Act to allow tribal governance to take control of their Federal transportation funds so that the State isn’t nicking money off the top and so that they actually can exert their sovereignty, and we have done that in some other areas for the tribes. This is, really, a critical amendment. There is a real issue here. The tribes say, in the case of this pipeline, that they were not adequately consulted with. The Corps says, well, the box is checked. Thanks to the President, we are going to have a review of what real-ly happened here. Obviously, this is not the only instance, and we need a broad-er review. We need to be sure that the Corps is fully cognizant of and recog-nizes the sovereignty of tribal nations so that they have in place a real and full consultation process for anything that may affect any tribe or reserva-tion in the United States. I think this is a great amendment and very timely, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member, and I thank the committee for being sensitive to the needs of native peoples to be included and involved in things that concern their sovereignty and self-governance. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. STRUCTURAL HEALTH MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-sign and develop a structural health moni-toring program to assess and improve the condition of infrastructure constructed and maintained by the Corps of Engineers, in-cluding research, design, and development of systems and frameworks for— (1) response to flood and earthquake events; (2) pre-disaster mitigation measures; (3) lengthening the useful life of the infra-structure; and (4) identifying risks due to sea level rise. (b) CONSULTATION AND CONSIDERATION .—In developing the program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) consult with academic and other ex-perts; and (2) consider models for maintenance and repair information, the development of deg-radation models for real-time measurements and environmental inputs, and research on qualitative inspection data as surrogate sen-sors. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would enable the Army Corps of Engineers to use the best tech-nology available to ensure our infra-structure is structurally sound and avoid the loss of property, money, and lives. Specifically, it directs the Sec-retary of the Army to use structural health monitoring to evaluate its con-struction projects and current infra-structure to mitigate damage from floods, earthquakes, sea level rise, and other disasters both before and after a major event. The increased frequency and mag-nitude of the extreme weather events have high recovery costs for the Fed-eral Government. In 2012, Superstorm Sandy caused an estimated $50 billion in damages and forced more than 775,000 people to flee their homes. The Federal Government provided $136 bil-lion in assistance, amounting to $1,160 per taxpayer. These costs can be pre-vented. Research has shown that every $1 spent on preparedness saves $4 in disaster recovery costs. How we pre-pare before disaster strikes determines how much we spend and, more impor-tantly, how many lives we save. Successful planning and preparation require consultation with experts and access to the best available data with structural health monitoring sensors that can detect in near realtime the ex-istence, location, and severity of the damage to infrastructure. Data from these sensors can provide essential in-formation on the condition of infra-structure, ranging from bridges to sky-scrapers, following a natural disaster like an earthquake; but effective man-agement of these structures is not one size fits all. Access to realtime-specific data through structural health moni-toring technology will enable the Army Corps to prioritize buildings and struc-tures that need immediate mainte-nance. By working proactively rather than reactively, we can avoid further damage and higher costs. Data show we will only be more like-ly to see more extreme weather, sea level rise, and floods that can signifi-cantly damage our buildings and bridges in the future. Those disasters are not only costly but dangerous. We need to provide the groups responsible for maintaining our Nation’s infra-structure the tools they need to do so. I thank the chairman, the ranking member, and the committee for consid-ering this amendment. I ask my col-leagues to support this smart, com-monsense amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, although I am not in op-position. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I congratulate the gentleman from California on a very thoughtful amend-ment. Actually, I am having a personal experience with this right now. Since we have discovered we have a major fault off of southern Oregon, the Corps has decided that they need to come back in and bore and reevaluate the dams on my Willamette River system. This should be, I would think, a pretty routine thing for the Corps. I asked: Why do you have to do that? They said: Back when we built those dams, we didn’t know about it, and we aren’t really quite sure of their seismic stability. I think there are probably many, many, many other Corps projects in California, Oregon, and elsewhere that need that kind of scrutiny; so what the gentleman is doing is shining a light on a problem. As I mentioned earlier, the Corps has a $2.5 billion backlog on O&M. This will come out of the O&M budget. I am happy to send this man-date to the Corps. In revisiting my objections to the bill yesterday, which is going to cause me to vote against the bill, underspending the tax which is levied on all imported goods—paid for by all Americans who buy imported goods—and diverting that money to other programs when the Corps has critical needs like this is stupid. I really regret, again, that my harbor maintenance trust fund amend-ment was pulled out of the bill, but this just underlines the need for the Corps to have more resources. I urge a positive vote on this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF AUTHOR-IZED PROJECT FOR FLOOD CON-TROL. 
The Secretary shall expedite the comple-tion of the project for flood control, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.079 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6045 September 28, 2016 
Chicagoland Underflow Plan, Illinois, phase 2, as authorized by section 3(a)(5) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–676; 102 Stat. 4013) and modi-fied by section 319 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–303; 110 Stat. 3715) and section 501 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–53; 113 Stat. 334). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, resi-dents and businesses in the Chicagoland area are vulnerable to sig-nificant urban flooding that has the po-tential to cost millions of dollars and to endanger the lives and livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of people. To address this problem, Congress authorized the Chicagoland Underflow Plan as a flood risk management project in the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1988. A key component of the plan is the construction of the McCook Reservoir, which is a major flood damage reduction reservoir. This benefits the city of Chicago and 36 sub-urbs by aiding flood mitigation. It also helps to protect thousands of struc-tures and millions of people. According to the Army Corps’ 2015 fact sheet to Congress, the reservoir is already 65 percent complete and would offer significant benefits to Chicago residents and businessowners. It is also among the Army Corps’ most economi-cal projects, boasting a 3 to 1 benefit- to-cost ratio. The second phase of the construction in McCook has a 9 to 1 benefit-to-cost ratio. Since its authorization in the late 1980s, the congressional intent of this project has been clear: it is for flood risk management, and it is constructed to help alleviate flooding problems in the metropolitan area of Chicago. b1630 However, the Army Corps omitted funding for the critical second stage of this project in their FY17 budget due to the mistaken belief that stage two is related to water pollution control which is not handled by the Corps. It is, in fact, for flood control and is fully authorized and documented in the Corps’ system as such. That is why my amendment would ensure that the Army Corps continues to do McCook as flood damage reduction system, con-sistent with legislative intent, and ex-pedites the completion of this vital public work. After many years of strong support for one of the Corps’ most competitive flood protection projects, now is not the time to abandon funding for McCook. The livelihood of too many families and businesses are at stake. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to congratulation the gen-tleman for shining a spotlight on this. This is something that is critical to his district and region, and it was author-ized in WRDA in 1988. It is past time that this received positive consider-ation and moved forward, and I think his amendment will help in that effort with that. I urge Members to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER for his sup-port. I want to thank the ranking member for his comments. And I want to thank all who have worked on this project for so long. We are getting close. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . VELA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. VELA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CAMERON COUNTY, TEXAS. 
(a) R ELEASE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall execute and file in the appro-priate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instrument effectuating the release of the interests of the United States in certain tracts of land located in Cameron County, Texas, as described in sub-section (e). (b) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require that any release under this section be subject to such addi-tional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate and necessary to pro-tect the interests of the United States. (c) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—The Browns-ville Navigation District shall be responsible for all reasonable and necessary costs, in-cluding real estate transaction and environ-mental documentation costs, associated with the releases. (d) D
ESCRIPTION .—The Secretary shall re-lease all or portions of the interests in the following tracts as determined by a survey to be paid for by the Brownsville Navigation District, that is satisfactory to the Sec-retary: (1) Tract No. 1: Being approximately 1,277.80 acres as conveyed by the Brownsville Navigation District of Cameron County, Texas, to the United States by instrument dated September 22, 1932, and recorded at volume 238, pages 578 through 580, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except the approximately 347.40 acres. (2) Tract No. 2: Being approximately 842.28 acres as condemned by the United States by the Final Report of Commissioners dated May 6, 1938, and recorded at volume 281, pages 486 through 488, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 158.14 acres comprised of an approximately 500 ft. wide strip centered on the centerline of the Brownsville Ship Chan-nel. (3) Tract No. 3: Being approximately 362.00 acres as conveyed by the Manufacturing and Distributing University to the United States by instrument dated March 3, 1936, and re-corded at volume ‘‘R’’, page 123, in the Mis-cellaneous Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety. (4) Tract No. 5: Being approximately 10.91 acres as conveyed by the Brownsville Navi-gation District of Cameron County, Texas, by instrument dated March 6, 1939, and re-corded at volume 293, pages 113 through 115, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas (said 10.91 acres are identified in said instrument as the ‘‘Third Tract’’), to be par-tially released as to the land portion of the tract. (5) Tract No. 9: Being approximately 552.82 acres as condemned by the United States by the Final Report of Commissioners dated May 6, 1938, and recorded at volume 281, pages 483 through 486, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 88.04 acres comprised of an approximately 450 ft. wide strip along the new centerline of the Brownsville Ship Chan-nel. (6) Tract No. 10: Being approximately 325.02 acres as condemned by the United States by the Final Report of Commissioners dated May 7, 1935, and recorded at volume 281, pages 476 through 483, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas, to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except approximately 61.58 acres comprised of an approximately 500 ft. wide strip centered on the new centerline of the Brownsville Ship Channel. (7) Tract No. 11: Being approximately 8.85 acres as conveyed by the Brownsville Navi-gation District of Cameron County, Texas, to the United States by instrument dated Janu-ary 23, 1939, and recorded at volume 293, pages 115 through 118, in the Deed Records of Cameron County, Texas (said 8.85 acres are identified in said instrument as the ‘‘First Tract’’), to be released and abandoned in its entirety, save and except a narrow area along the channel. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. VELA. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment, which is cosponsored by Representative F
ARENTHOLD and provides for the re-lease of Army Corps easements on cer-tain tracts of land that are located at the Port of Brownsville in Cameron County, Texas. This amendment was written in conjunction with the Army Corps of Engineers, and they have signed off on this language. The pur-pose of this release of land is to allow for economic growth at the Port of Brownsville. These tracts of land are the property of the port and have been under easement to the Army Corps for decades. These easements were originally granted to the Army Corps in the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s, but have never been used. Returning control of the property to the Port of Brownsville will not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.033 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6046 September 28, 2016 
hinder Army Corps projects at the port. Under my amendment, parts of seven tracts would be released subject to the conditions that the Secretary considers appropriate and necessary to protect the interests of the United States. The Port of Brownsville is respon-sible for all reasonable and necessary costs, including real estate transaction and environmental documentation costs, making the amendment budget- neutral. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, although I am not in op-position. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, again, I want to congratulate the gentleman on his amendment. I can confirm that the Corps of Engineers has said they have no objection to this. I guess just some-how, they couldn’t get through the bu-reaucracy to release the land until the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) brought this amendment to the floor. So the gentleman is doing a public service for his constituents and I be-lieve the Nation, holding onto property unnecessarily. I recommend our col-leagues support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman, ranking member, Represent-ative F
ARENTHOLD , the Army Corps, and the committee staff for their work on this amendment. I urge my col-leagues to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
OF MICHIGAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. GREAT LAKES NAVIGATION SYSTEM. 
Section 210(d)(1)(B) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(d)(1)(B)) is amended in the matter pre-ceding clause (i) by striking ‘‘For each of fis-cal years 2015 through 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Chair, I am offering this amendment because Great Lakes ports and harbors are facing a crisis. I want to thank the chairman of the committee for his will-ingness to work on this situation, not just in this bill but in previous bills as well. The Great Lakes navigation system is a critical international waterway that extends from the western end of Lake Superior to the Gulf of St. Law-rence Seaway on the Atlantic Ocean, a distance of over 2,400 miles. The U.S. portion of the system includes 140 har-bors and over 600 miles of maintained navigation channels. This system can handle 200 million tons of cargo that generate and sustain around 130,000 good-paying jobs and an $18 billion sup-port to our economy in the eight Great Lakes States and around the country. However, 16 million cubic yards of sediment clogged these ports and wa-terways in the Great Lakes. It is esti-mated that it would cost nearly $200 million to make them fully functional. In addition, the critical Soo Locks, joining Lake Superior and Lake Huron, require $115 million to complete main-tenance rehabilitation while Great Lakes breakwaters and jetties need $250 million for repairs. We must act before the crisis in the Great Lakes grows even worse. Just 2 years ago, the House over-whelmingly passed the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act 412–4, and it was later signed into law. WRRDA 2014 included a provision that temporarily set aside 10 percent of Army Corps priority funding for the Great Lakes navigation system. Consistent with the spirit of WRRDA 2014, my amendment provides the 140 federally maintained commercial and recreational Great Lakes ports and harbors with access to dependable funding by ensuring that the set-aside does not expire. These Federal harbor channels, like Pentwater, White Lake, Ludington, Muskegon, Holland, and Grand Haven in my district, are the lifeblood of these communities. The Federal Government must meet its obligation to communities across the Great Lakes region. These ports and harbors are engines of economic growth that create jobs for American workers, farmers, and manufacturers. As the chairman knows, it would be my preference to ensure that ports and harbors across our Nation are properly maintained by using the harbor main-tenance trust fund for its intended pur-pose: harbor maintenance. By working together since 2011, we have made significant progress. In fis-cal year 2011, only 47 percent of the harbor maintenance tax that was paid into the HMTF was used to dredge and maintain our harbors because this trust fund was raided, frankly, to pay for unrelated projects. Because of the progress we have made, the harbor maintenance trust fund will retain 76 percent of the reve-nues that are intended for water infra-structure improvements and harbor dredging under this year’s Appropria-tions Committee-passed funding bill. This is a huge win for coastal commu-nities in all of these different States and, frankly, for our entire Nation. I look forward to building on the suc-cess in the future and would like to thank the chairman for working with us. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am de-finitively not in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I want to congratulate the gentleman on this, creating a permanent set-aside for this critical harbor maintenance in the Great Lakes. I have a similar amendment targeted toward small ports in the base bill. But, as the gentleman mentioned, what this points to is the fact that the Corps is stretched too thin. They have a $2.5 million backlog on operations and maintenance, yet there is $9.8 billion in the nonexistent harbor maintenance trust fund. That is, there is $9.8 billion in taxes that has been paid by shippers and passed on to consumers that hasn’t been spent on harbor maintenance. Were we to create a harbor mainte-nance trust fund next year and, say, it was to be fully obligated, we would have an additional $500 million in cur-rent revenues to invest in operations and maintenance, let alone the $9.8 bil-lion that harbor maintenance and con-struction is owed from past collections. So I think this is an excellent amend-ment. I recommend it to my col-leagues. The Great Lakes need this sort of attention, but we have got to get to the underlying problem which is insufficient funds. I thank the gentleman for his sup-port also on that issue. I urge a positive vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Chair, may I inquire of the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan has 2-minutes remain-ing. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Michigan, and I rise to support his amendment which establishes a permanent use of priority funds for the Great Lakes navigation system. Mr. Chairman, the 2014 WRRDA bill included a temporary provision to set aside these funds for the Great Lakes to address the maintenance backlog. The Huizenga amendment continues this effort and ensures the 140 federally maintained ports and harbors on the Great Lakes, including the Port of Monroe in my district, have dependable funding as they continue to move over 200 million tons of cargo each year, and, I would add, Mr. Chairman, with-out producing any potholes, needing no guardrails or bridges. They sustain good jobs and drive eco-nomic growth in Michigan and across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.086 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6047 September 28, 2016 
the country. I urge support of this amendment and the adoption of the amendment. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the work that both the chairman and the ranking member put into this particular issue that is so important to those of us that border the Great Lakes. I urge my colleagues to pass this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . JOYCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIA-TIVE. 
Section 118(c)(7) of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)(7)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) F
OCUS AREAS .—In carrying out the Initiative, the Administrator shall prioritize programs and projects, to be carried out in coordination with non-Federal partners, that address the priority areas described in the Initiative Action Plan, including— ‘‘(i) the remediation of toxic substances and areas of concern; ‘‘(ii) the prevention and control of invasive species and the impacts of invasive species; ‘‘(iii) the protection and restoration of nearshore health and the prevention and mitigation of nonpoint source pollution; ‘‘(iv) habitat and wildlife protection and restoration, including wetlands restoration and preservation; and ‘‘(v) accountability, monitoring, evalua-tion, communication, and partnership activi-ties. ‘‘(C) P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Ini-tiative, the Administrator shall collaborate with other Federal partners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force estab-lished by Executive Order No. 13340 (69 Fed. Reg. 29043), to select the best combination of programs and projects for Great Lakes pro-tection and restoration using appropriate principles and criteria, including whether a program or project provides— ‘‘(I) the ability to achieve strategic and measurable environmental outcomes that implement the Initiative Action Plan and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; ‘‘(II) the feasibility of— ‘‘(aa) prompt implementation; ‘‘(bb) timely achievement of results; and ‘‘(cc) resource leveraging; and ‘‘(III) the opportunity to improve inter-agency, intergovernmental, and inter-orga-nizational coordination and collaboration to reduce duplication and streamline efforts. ‘‘(ii) O
UTREACH .—In selecting the best com-bination of programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and restoration under clause (i), the Administrator shall consult with the Great Lakes States and Indian tribes and solicit input from other non-Fed-eral stakeholders. ‘‘(iii) H
ARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM COORDI -
NATOR .—The Administrator shall designate a point person from an appropriate Federal partner to coordinate, with Federal partners and Great Lakes States, Indian tribes, and other non-Federal stakeholders, projects and activities under the Initiative involving harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes.’’; (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (J)(ii), funds made available to carry out the Initiative shall be used to strategically im-plement— ‘‘(I) Federal projects; ‘‘(II) projects carried out in coordination with States, Indian tribes, municipalities, institutions of higher education, and other organizations; and ‘‘(III) operations and activities of the Pro-gram Office, including remediation of sedi-ment contamination in areas of concern.’’; (B) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘(G)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘(J)(i)’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, or the head of any other Federal department or agency receiving funds under clause (ii)(I), may make a grant to, or otherwise enter into an agreement with, a qualified non-Fed-eral entity, as determined by the Adminis-trator or the applicable head of the other Federal department or agency receiving funds, for planning, research, monitoring, outreach, or implementation of a project se-lected under subparagraph (C), to support the Initiative Action Plan or the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. ‘‘(II) Q
UALIFIED NON -FEDERAL ENTITY .—For purposes of this clause, a qualified non-Fed-eral entity may include a governmental enti-ty, nonprofit organization, institution, or in-dividual.’’; and (3) by striking subparagraphs (E) through (G) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) S
COPE.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Projects may be carried out under the Initiative on multiple levels, including— ‘‘(I) locally; ‘‘(II) Great Lakes-wide; or ‘‘(III) Great Lakes basin-wide. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—No funds made available to carry out the Initiative may be used for any water infrastructure activity (other than a green infrastructure project that im-proves habitat and other ecosystem func-tions in the Great Lakes) for which financial assistance is received— ‘‘(I) from a State water pollution control revolving fund established under title VI; ‘‘(II) from a State drinking water revolving loan fund established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12); or ‘‘(III) pursuant to the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.). ‘‘(F) A
CTIVITIES BY OTHER FEDERAL AGEN -
CIES.—Each relevant Federal department or agency shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(i) maintain the base level of funding for the Great Lakes activities of that depart-ment or agency without regard to funding under the Initiative; and ‘‘(ii) identify new activities and projects to support the environmental goals of the Ini-tiative. ‘‘(G) R
EVISION OF INITIATIVE ACTION PLAN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not less often than once every 5 years, the Administrator, in conjunc-tion with the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, shall review, and revise as appro-priate, the Initiative Action Plan to guide the activities of the Initiative in addressing the restoration and protection of the Great Lakes system. ‘‘(ii) OUTREACH .—In reviewing and revising the Initiative Action Plan under clause (i), the Administrator shall consult with the Great Lakes States and Indian tribes and so-licit input from other non-Federal stake-holders. ‘‘(H) M
ONITORING AND REPORTING .—The Ad- ministrator shall— ‘‘(i) establish and maintain a process for monitoring and periodically reporting to the public on the progress made in implementing the Initiative Action Plan; ‘‘(ii) make information about each project carried out under the Initiative Action Plan available on a public website; and ‘‘(iii) provide to the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works a yearly detailed description of the progress of the Initiative and amounts trans-ferred to participating Federal departments and agencies under subparagraph (D)(ii). ‘‘(I) I
NITIATIVE ACTION PLAN DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Initiative Action Plan’ means the comprehensive, multi-year action plan for the restoration of the Great Lakes, first developed pursuant to the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Conference Report accompanying the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–88). ‘‘(J) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this paragraph $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this para-graph creates, expands, or amends the au-thority of the Administrator to implement programs or projects under— ‘‘(I) this section; ‘‘(II) the Initiative Action Plan; or ‘‘(III) the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment. I would like to start today by thanking Chairman S
HUSTER , subcommittee Chairman G
IBBS, and the rest of the members of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for the committee’s thor-ough review of the Great Lakes Res-toration Initiative; here and after, GLRI. The GLRI ensures we work to-gether as a country to protect and pre-serve one of our most important na-tional treasures and economic assets, the Great Lakes. According to recent estimates, if the Great Lakes region were a country its GDP would be the third largest in the world. The Great Lakes currently gen-erate 1.5 million jobs and $60 billion in wages annually and provides the foun-dation for a $30 billion tourism econ-omy. Whether it is manufacturing, mining, engineering, agriculture, or fishing, the Great Lakes support a wide variety of jobs and industries, but the Lakes’ importance doesn’t stop there. The Great Lakes does not just pro-vide jobs; it provides a resource. You see, the Great Lakes holds 6 quadril-lion gallons of fresh water. They con-tain 95 percent of the surface fresh-water in the United States and more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.088 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6048 September 28, 2016 
than 20 percent of the world’s surface freshwater. It provides drinking water to 46 million people. The text of this amendment is the same as the text of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016, which just passed this House unani-mously on April 26, 2016. I offer my amendment today in hopes that it will finally pass in the Senate, which overwhelmingly passed a similar provision in their WRDA bill. The dif-ference between the House and Senate versions are small but they are impor-tant. This amendment includes impor-tant changes to current law that re-flect feedback from the Government Accountability Office and key stake-holders. My amendment enhances the non- Federal stakeholder outreach the EPA is required to conduct to ensure reg-ular consultation with States and tribes and better communication with NGOs. This amendment also includes a coor-dinator to address harmful algal blooms in Lake Erie which reduces du-plication and increases transparency. It requires more robust, adaptive man-agement by the EPA and the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force to up-date the GLRI action plan every 5 years. None of these changes were included in the Senate bill. Adding them to the House WRDA bill will make sure these thoughtful provisions, which enhance transparency, accountability, and local planning, are maintained as we fight to get this bill passed. I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this is a good amendment that I support. It authorizes, as my colleague explained, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Mr. J
OYCE has championed this bill and worked very hard, as has Ms. K
APTUR , on this important issue. In fact, the GLRI bill passed through the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and passed the House by a voice vote, so I firmly stand behind Mr. J
OYCE ’s amendment. I support it and would urge all my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), who has also been very active in this campaign. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman J
OYCE for yielding, and I urge strong support of his amendment. I thank him for his vigilant and nec-essary championing of our Great Lakes, the largest body of freshwater on the face of the Earth. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, and Subcommittee Chairman G
IBBS for helping us to ele-vate to national importance and to large numbers of our citizenry the sheer magnitude of what these fresh-water seas actually represent for our country and the world. The Great Lakes Restoration Initia-tive has been very effective in begin-ning to address the severe and unique concerns confronting our Great Lakes. During the first 5 years of GLRI, Fed-eral agencies and their partners re-moved 42 beneficial-use-impairment listings in 17 areas of concern, quad-rupling the number of beneficial use impairments removed in the preceding 22 years. For example, this year the Environmental Protection Agency made an important designation at the Black River area of concern near Lo-rain, Ohio. It is the largest EPA GLRI investment, and it will bring that area of concern to completion, an area so critically damaged by decades of indus-trial waste that drains directly into Lake Erie, our life source. Programs like the GLRI, which have proven effective, deserve our praise and support. As such, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of Mr. J
OYCE ’s amend-ment to protect one of our greatest na-tional and global treasures, the Great Lakes, which represent and contain 20 percent of the world’s freshwater. Just to put it on the record, God isn’t mak-ing any more freshwater. This equals 20% of all that exists. We have to take care of it and shepherd it into the fu-ture. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 4
1⁄2minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Ohio has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Mr. J
OYCE for his leader-ship on this amendment and his bipar-tisan efforts to ensure resources to pro-tect and restore the Great Lakes eco-system. In April, the House joined to-gether to unanimously pass Mr. J
OYCE ’s amendment to formally au-thorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative program, the same goal as his amendment today. The Great Lakes are a vast, strategic resource, and a source of pride for the State of Michigan and all surrounding States, and our country, as well, as a whole, with this massive, very special resource. I encourage my colleagues to vote in support of this amendment and help protect and preserve the Great Lakes for the benefit of our environ-ment and the economy for generations to come. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I will say my piece if I could. It is with a heavy heart that I come to the House floor today. My mother passed away early this morning, Pat Shuster—Pa-tricia Shuster. I want to thank all my colleagues for their condolences and kind words. Some may wonder why am I here today. Well, it is what my mother would have wanted. In fact, she would have insisted that I do my job and fin-ish my work. So I know my mother is smiling down on me today. Mom, my work is almost done. I love you and will miss you forever. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Chairman, when it comes to the Great Lakes, I know I can sound like a broken record. In fact, some have recently called me here the Great Lakes guy. I am proud of that, and I am proud to support this amend-ment, proud to stand up for one of our country’s greatest natural resources and economic powerhouses. I hope you all join me in support to protect and preserve our national treasure, the Great Lakes. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. JOYCE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . 
BRIDENSTINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 72, strike lines 19 through 21. At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. TULSA AND WEST TULSA, ARKANSAS RIVER, OKLAHOMA. 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to determine the feasibility of modifying the projects for flood risk man-agement, Tulsa and West Tulsa, Oklahoma, authorized by section 3 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 645; chapter 377). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ad-dress project deficiencies, uncertainties, and significant data gaps, including material, construction, and subsurface, which render the project at risk of overtopping, breaching, or system failure. (B) A
DDRESSING DEFICIENCIES .—In address-ing deficiencies under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall incorporate current design standards and efficiency improvements, in-cluding the replacement of mechanical and electrical components at pumping stations, if the incorporation does not significantly change the scope, function, or purpose of the project. (3) P
RIORITIZATION TO ADDRESS SIGNIFICANT  
RISKS .—In any case in which a levee or levee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.090 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6049 September 28, 2016 
system (as defined in section 9002 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3301)) is classified as a Class I or II under the levee safety action classification tool developed by the Corps of Engineers, the Secretary shall expedite the project for budget consideration. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. While the current version of the bill includes language for a feasibility study on the Tulsa-West Tulsa levees, this amendment simply strengthens the language by aligning the House version of the bill with the already Senate-passed bill. It requires the Army Corps of Engineers to prioritize funding for construction if the study finds the levees are at a high risk for failure. In order to get priority, the Corps feasibility study must conclude that the Tulsa levees are category 1 or 2, the highest safety risk. The current infrastructure that en-compasses the 20 miles of levees in the Tulsa system was constructed over 70 years ago, rendering the levees woe-fully outdated. In fact, the Corps has assessed that the levees are among the most high-risk levees in the country. These levees protect billions of dollars’ worth of infrastructure, including homes and businesses and even energy production facilities. The potential loss of life and destruction of property in the event of a breach would be abso-lutely devastating to my district. Mr. Chairman, this amendment sim-ply aligns the House bill with the Sen-ate bill and helps protect life and prop-erty. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll. STONINGTON HARBOR, CON-NECTICUT. 
The portion of the project for navigation, Stonington Harbor, Connecticut, authorized by the Act of May 23, 1828 (4 Stat. 288; chap-ter 73) that consists of the inner stone break-water that begins at coordinates N. 682,146.42, E. 1231,378.69, running north 83.587 degrees west 166.79’ to a point N. 682,165.05, E. 1,231,212.94, running north 69.209 degrees west 380.89’ to a point N. 682,300.25, E. 1,230,856.86, is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This is a simple amendment that adds to the list of projects deauthor-ized through WRDA a stone breakwater in Stonington Harbor in Stonington, Connecticut. If the amendment passes, it will re-turn the breakwater to the town of Stonington. I can report confidently that all the stakeholders in that re-gion, the town of Stonington, and the State of Connecticut strongly support this amendment. It is a breakwater that was built in 1827, operated for a number of years; but in the mid-20th century, the Army Corps abandoned the wharf, and it has really deteriorated since as a result of storms, Hurricanes Donna and Gloria and Superstorm Sandy. The town cre-ated an Old Stonington Harbor Wharf/ Breakwater Task Force, which, again, has put together a reconstruction plan. It has received funding from the State of Connecticut. All of this is on stand-by, subject to deauthorization, which the Army Corps tells us is necessary for legal title to switch. Again, it is a simple amendment. I want to, again, salute the hard work of the task force, which was headed by Peter Tacy; the First Selectman of Stonington, Rob Simmons, who was my predecessor in the Second Congres-sional District seat; and also to State senator Andy Maynard, who worked hard on this project and is retiring from the Connecticut General Assem-bly. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I do not oppose the bill. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port Mr. C
OURTNEY ’s amendment and urge adoption of it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise for the purpose of engaging Chairman S
HU-
STER in a colloquy with respect to the Kildee-Moolenaar amendment that the House will consider shortly. First, I thank him for his efforts, and for the efforts of Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, as well as Speaker R
YAN, Leader P ELOSI , and Mr. H
OYER , who late in the evening yesterday worked to reach an agree-ment on this amendment. The amendment authorizes $170 mil-lion for the Corps of Engineers to re-place public and private infrastructure in communities such as my hometown of Flint that have received an emer-gency declaration due to lead contami-nation in their drinking water. My con-stituents have been waiting for the help they need for more than a year since they were told their drinking water was poisoned. This is a very im-portant step toward getting them the help they deserve and putting this aid on the President’s desk. As the chairman knows, the Senate has passed $220 million to assist com-munities like Flint with lead issues in an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 95–3. That package includes funding for water infrastructure replacement and for programs to help address the im-pacts of lead exposure on children and pregnant women nationwide. It also creates a Federal advisory committee to study the effects of lead exposure on communities, and it suggests ways to reduce it. To my friend, Mr. SHUSTER , do I have your commitment to bridge the gap be-tween my amendment and the Senate package so that the final bill we send to the President provides the much- needed relief to my constituents and the families of Flint? Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. KILDEE. I yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the gen-tleman and recognize that this is an important issue to him and his con-stituents back home in Michigan. In 2016, no one, no one should be afraid to drink the water that comes out of their tap. That is something I think we all can agree on. It is in that spirit that I have committed to working together as we bridge the differences between the two Chambers that these bills will en-sure a mutually agreeable solution. I am committed to getting this vital in-frastructure bill to the President’s desk. I look forward to working with the gentleman and those on the other side of the aisle to move this forward. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman. I look forward to work-ing with the chairman on this and working to successfully get this bill out of the House today so that we can work on it with the Senate. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, again, I want to thank the ranking member’s support for my amendment and also the chairman of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure for his support. I want to ex-press my deepest condolences for his loss. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). The amendment was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.039 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6050 September 28, 2016 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. KENNEWICK MAN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
LAIMANT TRIBES .—The term ‘‘claimant tribes’’ means the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Reservation, and the Wanapum Band of Priest Rapids. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation. (3) H
UMAN REMAINS .—The term ‘‘human re-mains’’ means the human remains that— (A) are known as Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, which includes the projectile point lodged in the right ilium bone, as well as any residue from previous sampling and studies; and (B) are part of archaeological collection number 45BN495. (b) T
RANSFER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal law, including the Na-tive American Graves Protection and Repa-triation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), or law of the State of Washington, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall transfer the human remains to the Department, on the condition that the Department, acting through the State His-toric Preservation Officer, disposes of the re-mains and repatriates the remains to claim-ant tribes. (c) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The transfer shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: (1) The release of the human remains to the claimant tribes is contingent upon the claimant tribes entering into agreement with the Department. (2) The claimant tribes are in agreement as to the final burial place of the human re-mains. (3) The claimant tribes are in agreement that the human remains will be buried in the State of Washington. (4) The claimant tribes are in agreement that the Department will take custody of the human remains upon the transfer by the Sec-retary. (d) C
OST.—The Corps of Engineers shall be responsible for any costs associated with the transfer. (e) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The transfer shall be lim-ited solely to the human remains portion of the archaeological collection. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary shall have no further responsibility for the human re-mains transferred pursuant to subsection (b) after the date of the transfer. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to offer this bipartisan amend-ment that is based on the text of H.R. 4131, the Bring the Ancient One Home Act of 2015, which was bipartisan legis-lation introduced by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), my friend and colleague. I was very proud to co-sponsor this bill, and I am honored to lead this amendment with my Pacific Northwest colleagues: Representatives H
ECK, KILMER , and W ALDEN . I appre-ciate their commitment to this impor-tant issue. Mr. Chairman, 20 years ago the skel-etal remains of a human being deter-mined to be roughly 9,000 years old were found on Federal land near the Columbia River in my central Wash-ington district. These remains are often referred to as the Kennewick Man, but the tribes prefer the more re-spectful name of The Ancient One, which is how I will refer to him. Because The Ancient One was found on lands managed by the Army Corps of Engineers, the nearly fully intact skeleton was turned over to the Corps. b1700 The tribes involved—the Yakama Na-tion, the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla and the Wanapum Band of Priest Rapids—have, for two decades, worked to repatriate the Ancient One and return him for proper burial that would follow practices used by these Columbia Basin tribes for thousands of years; or, as they say, for time imme-morial. The tribes believe that the spirit of the Ancient One cannot rest until he is reburied, and I think it is important that we respect that belief. The Native American Graves Protec-tion and Repatriation Act, or NAGPRA, was enacted into law in 1990 to address the treatment of Native American cultural items, including human remains, with the goal of re-turning these items to tribes. In other words, NAGPRA was enacted to facili-tate the return of skeletal remains such as the Ancient One. In January of 2000, both the Corps of Engineers and the Interior Department determined the Ancient One was indeed of Indian descent and should be re-turned for proper burial. In June of 2015, University of Copenhagen geneti-cists released findings that clearly tied the DNA of the Ancient One to modern Native Americans, and a subsequent study by the University of Chicago reached similar conclusions. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would simply return the Ancient One back to the Columbia Basin tribes, who are in total agreement that he should be re-buried. I urge my colleagues to support the enactment of this commonsense amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chair-man, initially, I would like to invoke an expression from Indian Country in the Northwest. I raise my hands in re-spect first to the chair of the standing committee, Mr. SHUSTER , who has my deepest condolences, and to my friends, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. W ALDEN , and my roommate, Mr. K
ILMER . The story of the Ancient One, or Kennewick Man, as he is known, is very familiar to those of us who live in the Northwest. As the gentleman from Washington indicated, two college stu-dents stumbled upon a skull of the An-cient One on the waters of the Colum-bia River 20 years ago. That accident unearthed one of the most important archeological discoveries in North American history. Think about it: a skeleton virtually fully intact that is 9,000 years old. Since that time, as has been indicated, the five tribes of the re-gion have struggled for two decades for their right to properly honor, as is their cultural way, and rebury their ancestor. But there is another story here that I think is important to tell. For gen-erations, American archeologists and collectors raced across the West to col-lect native artifacts that they shipped back to museums or, more sadly, sold for a profit. Those museums were filled for years with Indian remains from graves, burial platforms, and battle-fields that were desecrated, desecrated simply because the nonnative people did not understand the heritage and culture of native people. This era of looting and desecration is, in fact, a stain on our Nation’s history. Thankfully, that wasn’t the case with the remains of the Ancient One. This is, in part, because in 1990, in its wisdom, this institution passed a law to protect Indian remains and cultural items from desecration. In the last 26 years since its enact-ment, that law has allowed the Federal Government to return thousands of re-mains and artifacts to native tribes, and that is exactly what this amend-ment will do. It would enforce our ex-isting laws and return the Ancient One to the five tribes in the Columbia River Basin, which they have fought for for two decades. They fought against a group of scientists that seek to study these remains in order to learn more about how humans first populated North America. I don’t mean to impugn the motives of these scientists. We all want to sup-port greater scientific discovery; but, frankly, these efforts to prevent the re-burial of the Ancient One ignore these tribes’ sovereign rights, traditions, and, in fact, their most sacred beliefs. Throughout American history, the Federal Government and the American people have not always—if we are hon-est with one another—upheld our vital responsibility to respect the treaty rights of the peoples who have been here since time immemorial. It is something we continue to struggle with—I get that—but we can’t let it happen here again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.097 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6051 September 28, 2016 
As my friend from Washington said, the science is settled. The Ancient One is in fact an ancestor of the native peo-ples of the Columbia River Basin, and he belongs with them. We need to do everything in our power to ensure he is returned as quickly as possibly. That is why I was honored to introduce the Bring the Ancient One Home Act, along with my colleagues here. That is why I am so proud to work closely with Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. K
ILMER on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, it has been 20 years, and that is 20 years too long. It is vital that we act now to properly honor the Ancient One. For that reason, I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friends, Representative N
EWHOUSE and Representative H ECK, for taking the lead on this effort. I rise today in support of this amend-ment because the Ancient One has been separated from his family for far too long. It is time he return home. For 20 years, as you heard my col-league point out, the Ancient One has been stuck in limbo while the sci-entists and lawyers have debated what the Native American community knew to be true: that he is their ancestor. Now that three independent DNA anal-yses have confirmed his ancestry to the native people of the Columbia Plateau, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers must expedite his repatriation so that his de-scendants may honor his life. This legislation will help speed up the process and ensure that the An-cient One’s descendants have the op-portunity to lay his remains to rest in their ancestral burial grounds. Only then will the Ancient One’s story fi-nally be complete and will his spirit be able to rest. That is why I support the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I would urge all of my colleagues to ac-cept this amendment. It is very impor-tant to the native people of central Washington. I, again, want to extend my thanks to Representative H
ECK, Representa-tive W
ALDEN , and Representative K IL-
MER. I would like to extend a word of condolence to Chairman S
HUSTER . We are all part of an extended family, and I want to make sure that he under-stands that we share with him his loss. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 114–794. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1ll. ADDITIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
Section 219 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580; 106 Stat. 4835) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—Notwith- standing any limitation on project purposes identified in subsections (c) or (f), or limita-tion on authorization, the Secretary may provide additional assistance under sub-section (a), and assistance for construction, to any community identified in subsection (c) or (f), in any State for which the Presi-dent has declared an emergency under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), as a result of the presence of chemical, phys-ical, or biological constituents, including lead or other contaminants in the eligible system, for the repair or replacement of pub-lic and private infrastructure. ‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For the purposes under paragraph (g), there is authorized to be appropriated $170,000,000 to remain available until expended.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is something, obviously, I have been working on for some time. It would bring urgently needed aid to my hometown of Flint, Michigan. For over a year, the Flint water cri-sis has been public, and we have not yet been able to act here in Congress. It has been even longer since the resi-dents of Flint have been drinking or using water that is basically poisoned with lead—2 full years. To be clear, what happened in Flint was a failure of government at every level of government. Through this amendment, Congress can take its rightful place in fulfilling its obliga-tion and its responsibility to help my hometown recover. The amendment would authorize $170 million to restore the safety of water infrastructure in communities like my hometown of Flint that have lead in their water. More importantly, it would create a concrete commitment from both bodies of Congress to get aid for my hometown to the President’s desk. The Senate passed similar legislation by a vote of 95–3. This amendment would ensure that the House also sup-ports communities like Flint that are suffering with this terrible problem. We have just waited an awful long time for this. We have worked very hard to get this amendment in a bipar-tisan fashion to the floor. I want to thank all my friends, but particularly Mr. M
OOLENAAR , who cosponsors this amendment with me. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, though I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute. First, I also want to congratulate and express my appreciation to my col-league, friend, and neighbor from Flint, Mr. KILDEE , for his work on this and for his advocacy of his hometown. I wanted to say, Mr. Chairman, the crisis in Flint was caused by failures of government at all levels. The Federal Government played a significant role in causing this crisis, and Congress has held multiple hearings to investigate. Members on both sides of the aisle have found fault with the Federal Govern-ment’s actions in Flint. Today, the House has the oppor-tunity to acknowledge those failures and do right by the people of Flint. While the Federal Government failed, the pipes in Flint were damaged be-yond repair and residents were poisoned with lead. That is why fixing the water infrastructure in Flint is a proper role for the Federal Government and a step forward for the city and its residents. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) has 31⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ). Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, listen, we all know what happened in Flint was a tragic failure at every level, and folks there are rightly tired of the finger pointing. They want answers. Is it asking too much for the EPA to tell folks when lead levels are too high? I say no. This is why this very body passed the Kildee-Upton bill ear-lier this year, 416–2, that would force the EPA to alert families when lead levels are too high. Is it asking too much for us to tackle this problem in a fiscally responsible manner? I say no. That is why we have a responsible solution right in front of us. This provision will be fully paid for when conferenced with the Senate. Is it asking too much for our kids to have access to safe drinking water? I say no. I was just in Flint with my friend, Mr. K
ILDEE . We ought to be fo-cused on working together to get the job done. Folks in Flint have been asking these questions for more than 2 years now. And you know what? They deserve an-swers, action, and results. It is time to stand up and deliver. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.099 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6052 September 28, 2016 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ). Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I am so thankful that Congress is stepping up finally to do the right thing by providing assistance to the people of Flint. Flint has suffered a manmade dis-aster because of the failure of govern-ment at every level of government: the local level, the county level, the State level, and, certainly, the Federal level. Certainly, the State of Michigan has acknowledged their responsibility and has been taking some corrective ac-tion, but this disaster is beyond the ability of the city, county, and State to deal with. It requires the Federal Government to accept culpability as well and to buck up, and it is entirely appropriate and necessary that we do so. Helping the people of Flint, Mr. Chairman, especially the children— these are American children, these are American babies, not from some other foreign country where we give plenty of foreign aid—speaks to who we are as a people. b1715 And we are Americans, compas-sionate, never turning our back on our own when they need help; and certainly our fellow American citizens of Flint need our country’s—this country’s— help right now. So I will be very proud to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), my friend and member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this is going to be from the heart. My family is originally from Flint, on my mom’s side. I have had very many fond memories growing up as a child going and visiting aunts and uncles and cousins. I have recently visited those who have been affected, and it is tragic. Mr. Chairman, the simple fact is that if these were folks that had been af-fected by the breach of a dam or by a nuclear plant meltdown, we would not be turning our backs on them; we would be taking care of them. We should be doing the exact same thing with the folks in Flint. These folks have experienced failure of government at all levels for decades: local, State, and the Federal Govern-ment. That has been well acknowl-edged. But what we have not talked about is how we are going to then care for those citizens. Let’s fix the management issues, but, more importantly, let’s care for our fellow citizens and make sure that those children, especially, are going to have the same opportunity as every other child in Michigan and the United States. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Chairman, just in closing, I want to compliment everyone who has been involved in this bipartisan solution. It is an example of Congress working together to solve a problem. This is something that those of us— and many of us have traveled to Flint—have listened to the stories of the families of children who have been poisoned. It is a tragedy on the na-tional level. Presidential candidates have been there. This is something concrete that Con-gress can do to move the ball forward and help Flint with its healing and making a huge difference in the lives of residents in Michigan. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to say how much I appre-ciate the efforts on behalf of my home community by my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. As you have heard, Congressman MOOLENAAR , my neigh-bor, has been there right along. Congresswoman M
ILLER stepped up immediately after this crisis became known and articulated a need for Fed-eral intervention very early in the process. Mr. H
UIZENGA obviously has been there, with roots in Flint, and has come to my community. There is not much more I can say about what Mr. U
PTON has been willing to do, working with me initially on leg-islation to reform the EPA’s obliga-tions regarding notification and now, of course, working with us to get this amendment before the House of Rep-resentatives. It broke my heart when this whole episode began, to see my own home-town, the place that has given me vir-tually everything that I have, go through the worst crisis that it could ever even imagine, a crisis that was a threat to its very existence. So I am grateful for the help of Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ), the ranking member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding, and I am happy to support this amendment. The people of Flint have gone over 2 years without clean drinking water in their homes. They are still being ex-posed, still being harmed. I think it is a disgrace that we are still fighting about providing them with essential Federal aid. I want to commend my colleague Mr. K
ILDEE and Democratic leaders in the House and the Senate who kept atten-tion on the plight of this community and worked tirelessly for the oppor-tunity to offer this amendment. I hope to see this amendment pass shortly, but our work will not be done. We will have to work to go to con-ference with the House and the Senate WRDA bills and ensure that the people of Flint receive the funds that they need. Safe drinking water is essential to every person in this country, and pro-visions to ensure safe drinking water should not be a partisan issue. So I urge my colleagues to join me in vot-ing ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, again, I thank my colleagues. I hope and pray that I have strong bipartisan support for this effort. It has surely been dem-onstrated by my friends who have spo-ken. This is one of those issues that should and ought to transcend some of the divisions that often occupy this House. It is a matter simply of doing what is right for the people of my hometown and the people of this coun-try, and it means a lot to me that so many have stood with me in this time. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 5303, the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. Across the country, my colleagues and I hear from communities and businesses about the need to invest in infrastructure. The fed-eral investment in infrastructure has fallen to a paltry level, and our communities are feeling the consequences of this every day. Not only does investing in infrastructure put people to work, it also allows for the efficient movement of people and goods, an essential aspect of commerce, economic growth, and public safe-ty. The lack of robust investment threatens our global competitiveness and the safety and quality of life of our constituents. The original Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) bill included language that would set a schedule to direct all of the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund (HMTF) revenues to be used for the maintenance of U.S. harbors in-stead of the current process of transferring a portion to the Treasury to cover unrelated debts. Our nation’s harbors, ports, and water-ways have a backlog of important projects that are key to our country’s competitiveness. By moving HMTF funding off-budget, it would have provided much-needed funding for these projects. As the Senate and House negotiate the final legislation, I support directing all Har-bor Maintenance Trust Fund revenues to be used for harbor maintenance. I applaud Ranking Member DEFAZIO for se- curing a set-aside of at least 10 percent of the revenues from the HMTF to be used for small ports. This provision will benefit many commu-nities in Oregon that rely on small ports to get goods to market, which will help local econo-mies thrive. These small ports can’t compete for Harbor Maintenance funding alongside the large, deep-draft ports, so a set-aside is vital to their survival. Additionally the Willamette Falls at the end of the Oregon Trail and the Willamette Locks were an important element of American settle-ment of the West. Repair and reopening of the Willamette Falls Locks is an essential part of the future economic and cultural heritage of the area. A final disposition study of the Locks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.101 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6053 September 28, 2016 
is underway by the Army Corps of Engineers. It is important that this study fully consider all economic, recreational, historic, and cultural significance of the locks at the national, state, or local level. The Columbia River is a powerful economic force in Oregon. It helps carry goods to mar-ket and provides food to tribal populations and others. We must reduce pollution and contami-nation of this critical resource. I joined my col-leagues Reps. B
LUMENAUER and D EFAZIO in introducing H.R. 2469, the Columbia River Basin Restoration Act of 2015, which includes grants for projects that help preserve and pro-tect the waterway. As the Senate and House negotiate the final legislation, I support the in-clusion of the Columbia River Restoration Act in the final bill. I share the frustration of so many families in Oregon and across the nation whose children have been exposed to lead in their school drinking water and their neighborhoods. Fami-lies shouldn’t have to worry about whether the drinking water in their homes or schools poses serious risks to their children’s health. The Flint, Michigan crisis continues, and children and families desperately need aid to restore quality drinking water. I supported Rep. K
IL-
DEE’s amendment to bring aid needed to com-munities suffering from water contamination emergencies. Invasive mussels have destroyed infrastruc-ture in Western States and are costly to eradi-cate once they’ve multiplied. Accordingly, pre-vention is important. Watercraft inspection sta-tions help protect the Columbia River basin from being permeated by zebra and quagga mussels. I am pleased that Rep. H
ERRERA  B
EUTLER ’s amendment was adopted to allow funds to be used for watercraft inspection sta-tions in Northwestern states. I am supporting this bill today and will con-tinue working with my colleagues to dedicate HMTF revenue for its intended purpose. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the Kildee Amendment to H.R. 5303, the ‘‘Water Resources Develop-ment Act,’’ which authorizes variety of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers water resources de-velopment projects, feasibility studies, and re-lationships with nonfederal project sponsors. Specifically, I would like to congratulate my colleague Representative D
ANKILDEE who represents Michigan’s 5th District on his amendment, which bring much needed relief to the people of Flint Michigan who have gone without safe potable water for over 2 years. The Kildee Amendment provides $170,000,000 in funding to repair and replace the damaged water pipes that are the source of the toxic lead and chemical laced water flowing to Flint, Michigan homes. For the past two years, Flint, Michigan has lived in a state of fear of the water flowing from the faucets in their homes. It is beyond shocking and unacceptable that tens of thousands of citizens have been ex-posed to toxic levels of lead in their drinking water. The trust and ability to protect our citizens’ basic right to clean water has been shaken nationally by the severity and length of time this disaster has been allowed to fester with-out Congressional action. Each of us in this body has a duty to ensure justice and protection of our citizens. This was not a disaster in hiding, it was in plain sight for 2 years, but Congress refused to act until forced to do so by a deadline that they could not control. We must not let the plight of Flint and the provision of relief let us forget that we must: address the harms caused; get an accounting of what happened; understand how the water was poisoned; make the lives of people damaged by this tragedy whole; find justice for those lives that may have been lost; and determine and provide for the long-term health needs of those impacted. Flint, Michigan like so many communities across the nation really felt the brunt of the fi-nancial crisis created by the abuse of new home lending practices and deceptive invest-ment schemes that hid the weaknesses in the economy until the great recession spread across the nation beginning in late 2008. The financial damage done to communities like Flint in the form of steep declines in prop-erty values, which caused significant declines in property tax income. This was not just Flint’s problem, but a na-tional reality—for financially strapped cities, towns, school boards, and municipal govern-ments. This shared economic crisis resulted in new leadership being sent to Congress and to gov-ernors’ mansions across the nation. Michigan was one state that turned to new leadership to solve problems and restore fiscal health to the state and local economies. Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was sworn into office in 2011 to solve problems and restore fiscal health to his state. On December 1, 2010, Michael Brown took office as Flint’s state-appointed emergency manager. One of the first acts of the newly elected leaders in the state of Michigan was to dras-tically change the powers that could be exer-cised under the state’s emergency manager law to include special provisions regarding the declaration of a local government financial emergency. Over the 22 years the original emergency management law had been in place only 7 ju-risdictions had been under emergency man-agement, but following the 2011 changes to that law 10 jurisdictions were placed under emergency management. On Election Day in 2011 the state declared that an emergency financial manager should assume control over the city of Flint. The conditions in Flint are a cautionary tale on what happens when money has more value than people in the minds of those charged under public oath to serve, defend and protect Constitutional Rights. On April 25, 2014, the city of Flint switches water supply from Lake Huron, which cost the city about $1 million each month to the Flint River to save money. The Flint River had long been known by residents to be contaminated by industrial pol-lution. The water out of the Flint River was not safe, but it could have been treated to prevent the erosion of lead pipes that contaminated the water, the introduction bacteria and other toxins into the homes, schools, workplaces, and churches of the community, but that would have cost money. Shortly after the switch citizens began to complain about the color, taste, order, and re-ported rashes. In August and September 2014, city officials issued boil water directives to citizens after a coliform bacterium was found in the water. Some people may be more vulnerable to contaminants in drinking water than the gen-eral population. Immuno-comprised persons such as per-sons with cancer undergoing chemotherapy, persons who have undergone organ trans-plants, people with HIV/AIDS or other immune system disorders, some elderly, and infants can be particularly at risk from infections if ex-posed to water born bacteria. Several deaths are under investigation be-cause they may be linked to the polluted water sent to Flint residents’ homes. In October 2014 the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality blames cold weather, aging pipes, and a population decline for the poor water quality. In January 2015, the Detroit water systems offers to reconnect Flint, and would waive the $4 million connection fee, but 3 weeks later the state appointed emergency manager de-clined the offer. In February 2015, a memo from Governor Snyder’s office plays down the problem and states that the water is not an imminent ‘‘threat to public health.’’ In February 2015—the same month the gov-ernor’s office declared that the water was safe tests revealed that it contained 104 parts per billion of lead in drinking water drawn from taps in the home of Lee Anne Walters one of today’s witnesses. The Environmental Protection Agency re-quires action when levels reach 15 parts per billion of lead contamination, but scientist state there is no safe level of lead contamination. On February 27, Miguel Del Toral an EPA expert reported that the state was testing water in a manner that would profoundly un-derestimate lead levels. On March 12, 2015, Veolia a consultant group hired by Flint reports that the city’s water meets state and federal standards, but fails to report on lead levels. Elevated levels of lead can cause serious health problems, especially for pregnant women and young children. Infants and young children are typically more vulnerable to lead in drinking water than the general population. While the state declared the water safe to drink and the EPA received assurances that testing was being performed and the results showed no worries, behind the scenes some-thing very different was happening in state of-fices located in Flint Michigan. On January 9, 2015, e-mails among Flint government employees at the Department of Technology, Management and Budget, Michi-gan Department of Environmental Quality, and the Office of Drinking Water and Municipal As-sistance. The emails revealed that employees at gov-ernment departments in the city of Flint were concerned about Flint’s water quality and in response the state paid for water coolers to be placed in government offices located in the city of flint on each occupied floor, and posi-tioned near the water fountain, so state work-ers could choose which water to drink. The core concern of the emails was the lev-els of a group of chemical compounds called ‘‘TTHM’’ or ‘‘total tri-halomethanes, that were identified in the Flint drinking water. TTHM are produced when organic matter in natural water reacts chemically with chlorine disinfectants. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.042 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6054 September 28, 2016 
Chlorine disinfectants are added to drinking water to destroy the microbial pathogens that could make consumers sick or even kill them. Disinfection byproducts TTHM can be mini-mized in drinking water by reducing organic matter in water before chlorination—in other words through treating the water. While the people of Flint Michigan continue to complain about the taste and smell of the water—which ranged from a dull grey grime to rust color in appearance government officials provided themselves with access to bottled water at the taxpayers’ expense. The amount of chlorination added to the water in excess of what should have been cre-ated another problem—people were now con-suming and bathing in water contaminated with TTHM. The amount of chlorination added to the water in excess of what should have been cre-ated another problem—people were now. Flint Mayor Karen Weaver announced that her goal would be to replace 13,000 lead pipes at a cost of $2–3,000 for each pipe for a total of about $42 million. No one knows the reality of undertaking a massive effort such as what will be needed, so the cost could easily be much higher than estimates. Flint cannot be another Katrina where the poor, people of color and marginalized are shutout of jobs as well as the political and de-cision making processes regarding their homes, neighborhoods or city. Replacing the lead pipes of Flint must in-clude the cost of repairing homes that will be damaged to access the pipes; repaving drive-ways, or re-sodding lawns that are dug up to get to pipes, and restoring sidewalks that are damaged to access pipe. The repair and restitution of potable water to residents of Flint will not be the end of the story. We must recognize and acknowledge that there will be long term health consequences for every person exposed to the toxic water for 2 years. There are health impacts for children, their parents, and grandparents that cannot and should not be ignored. Our next step must be a public fund to com-pensate those who have long term health im-pacts or diminished ability to be productive over the full course of their work careers. We will continue to work to help the people of Flint, Michigan in order to restore them to health and eliminate their fear. In closing, let me again express my appre-ciation and thanks to Congressman K
ILDEE for his steadfastness in advocating his amend-ment and to Energy and Commerce Chair U
PTON , Congressman C ONYERS , and Con-gresswoman B
RENDA LAWRENCE for their tire-less efforts to ameliorate the suffering of the people of Flint Michigan. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–794 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 15 by Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. Amendment No. 19 by Mr. K
ILDEE of Michigan. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . JOYCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 407, noes 18, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 569] AYES—407 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—18 
Amash Brat Brooks (AL) Collins (GA) Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Franks (AZ) Gosar Hice, Jody B. Jones Lummis Massie McClintock Mulvaney Palmer Sanford Weber (TX) Woodall 
NOT VOTING—6 
Denham Kirkpatrick Poe (TX) Ribble Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.050 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6055 September 28, 2016 
b1744 Messrs. BROOKS of Alabama and Mr. WEBER of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 284, noes 141, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 570] AYES—284 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—141 
Allen Babin Barr Barton Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Crenshaw Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Amash NOT VOTING—5 
Kirkpatrick Poe (TX) Ribble Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
b1755 Mr. ROTHFUS changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. JOYCE changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 5303) to pro-vide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and devel-opment of water and related resources, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 897, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. D
EFAZIO. I am opposed to the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. DeFazio moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5303 to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forth-with with the following amendment: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. ll. NO CORPS FUNDING FOR SOCCER FIELDS, BASEBALL FIELDS, BASKET-BALL COURTS, OR SPLASH PARKS. 
Notwithstanding item 1 of the table in sec-tion 401(a)(8), the Secretary may not carry out the project for the Upper Trinity River, Modified Central City, Fort Worth, Texas— (1) if the Secretary determines that any portion of the project is for the construction of a soccer field, baseball field, basketball 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.104 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6056 September 28, 2016 
court, or splash park using Federal funds provided through the Corps of Engineers; or (2) notwithstanding section 116 of the En-ergy and Water Development Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–447; 118 Stat. 2944), until the Secretary has determined that the project is economically justified. 
Mr. SHUSTER (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. b1800 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, as we have heard over 2 days, the Corps’ budget is tight—a $2.4 billion backlog in operations and maintenance and, after today, a $74 billion backlog in au-thorized projects. Now, deep in this bill is a line item that provides an author-ization for an $810 million lavish water-front development project in Fort Worth, Texas. My amendment simply guarantees fiscal discipline and regular order in two parts. First, it guarantees that no Corps of Engineers funds will be used to build soccer fields, baseball fields, basketball courts, or splash parks as part of the project. Second, it requires the Sec-retary of the Army to determine that the project is economically justified. That is it. That is all this does. The proponents of this will say there are no funds that are going to be used for soccer fields, baseball fields, bas-ketball courts, or splash parks. How-ever, this has been extracted from the Web site of the developer of the project. This is the official Web site. These are all included. They say: We are going to use local funds. There is a little gimmick here. Corps projects that have been authorized and have been found to be economically beneficial have to have local cost shar-ing. In this case, big parts of the local cost share are these things which are not qualified for a Corps project. They say: Those aren’t going to be Federal funds. This is going to reduce the burden on the local people to match, and it is going to increase the burden on the taxpayers. In fact, if this does not au-thorize these things, all the Secretary has to do is to say they are not going to be constructed with Federal funds. If Members don’t want to take my word for it, listen to the Taxpayers for Com-mon Sense and National Taxpayers Union. ‘‘The legislation authorizes funding for a project in Fort Worth, Texas, costing more than $800 million. The Upper Trinity River project is por-trayed as a flood damage reduction ef-fort, but is really a massive economic development initiative that would di-vert precious Corps resources to con-struct soccer and baseball fields, bas-ketball courts, and even a splash park. Money spent on a splash park in Fort Worth is money that cannot be spent to further the Corps’ core mission areas. At the least, we urge you to re-move or limit the funds. . . . ‘’ If I am wrong and the National Taxpayers Union is wrong, the Secretary only has to confirm that. Secondly, we are going to require the Secretary to determine the project as economically justified. Why would Congress insist on economically justi-fying a $510 million Federal project? A better question might be: Why wouldn’t you insist on this? Every other chief’s report in this bill had to go through an economic anal-ysis by the Corps of Engineers and be found to be a net benefit to the tax-payers of the United States. This project did not. Yes, there was a pri-vate analysis done that said this is a great project, but there was no study done by the chief’s office, and it has not been economically justified. This project started out as an ear-mark in 2004 at a cost of $220 million. In this bill, it is a renewed earmark at $810 million, and the Federal share has gone from $110 million to $527 million. Anybody out there who has a need for a port or a harbor or anything else, think about that as you are in a very long line, and $527 million is going to get ahead of you with an earmarked project which includes these sorts of features. I urge Members to observe regular order, not to do an earmark by any other name, and require this project to be economically justified and not to construct sports facilities. 
SEPTEMBER 27, 2016. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : While less expen-sive and problematic than the Senate version of the Water Resources Development Act (S. 2848), we urge you to oppose H.R. 5303, the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2016.’’ Instead of much needed reform, this legisla-tion piles billions of dollars in additional water projects on the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers’ plate. The legislation also makes policy changes that will be costly to tax-payers. The largest challenge facing the Corps of Engineers water resources program is the lack of a prioritization system for allocating the limited available tax dollars. The legisla-tion directs the executive branch to better explain its budgeting decisions, but this should not serve as an abdication of congres-sional authority. Congress should develop the criteria and metrics to prioritize Corps projects in the three primary mission areas (navigation, flood/storm damage reduction, and environmental restoration). The execu-tive branch should be required to allocate funds in the budget request in a transparent manner through merit, competitive, or for-mula systems developed by Congress. Law-makers could then conduct oversight, hold the administration accountable, and adjust the systems, criteria, and metrics as needed. H.R. 5303 fails to include such a prioritization system. It does many other things, however. Between committee consid-eration and the floor, the bill grew by over $6 billion. A provision from the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 dedicating maintenance dredging funds to emerging ports is made permanent. It doesn’t make sense to invest in a port that is continually ‘‘emerging.’’ It also extends set- asides for ‘‘donor’’ and ‘‘energy’’ ports with-out reforming the massive cross-subsidies in the existing maintenance dredging program. The legislation authorizes funding for a project in Fort Worth, Texas, costing more than $800 million. The Upper Trinity River project is portrayed as a flood damage reduc-tion effort, but is really a massive economic development initiative that would divert precious Corps resources to construct soccer and baseball fields, basketball courts, and even a splash park. Money spent on a splash park in Fort Worth is money that cannot be spent to further the Corps’ core mission areas. At the least, we urge you to remove or limit the funds for this project. Again, we urge you to oppose H.R. 5303 the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2016.’’ Sincerely, RYANALEXANDER , Taxpayers for Common Sense. P
ETESEPP, National Taxpayers Union. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman is correct. We are going to stand up and say that the Corps of En-gineers and the non-Federal sponsor have made it clear that it is not re-sponsible for constructing baseball fields, basketball courts, and soccer fields. Not only has the Corps said to us that it is not included in this—they have confirmed, and they have recon-firmed—but, in fact, an independent board did a cost-benefit analysis on this. An independent board did one. This motion simply stops the forward motion of this bill. When I became chairman, I com-mitted to making sure that, in every Congress, we would pass a WRDA bill and get back to regular order like we used to do, but there was a 7-year gap; so here, today, we have a bill. It is not perfect by any means, but it is a good bill. I look around this Chamber, and there are Members here who have projects in this that are important to their districts and that are important to their States. Most importantly, it is important to the Nation that we move this bill forward. If we delay on this bill, we are going to delay these jobs. This is a critical bill for us. It does some very, very good things. There are good benefits in here. First, it reasserts congressional au-thority by restoring the 2-year cycle to WRDA. It restores congressional au-thority. That means we in this House and in the Senate—in Congress—get to tell the administration what they are going to do. We are not going to sit here and have them direct us and say this is what we will do. We don’t know who those faceless, nameless bureau-crats are, and I am tired of that. I will not let that happen on my watch. There is a return to regular order. As I said, there are unelected bureaucrats making those decisions for us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.045 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6057 September 28, 2016 
Secondly, it is fiscally responsible. We authorize over $9 billion in projects, but we de-authorize. We have taken it, and we have balanced it out so it is fis-cally responsible. Finally, it keeps American jobs in America by strengthening our competi-tiveness—not Republican and Demo-cratic jobs, American jobs. In each Member’s district and in each Mem-ber’s State, this bill is going to help America be competitive so that our goods and products can go out of these ports efficiently to world markets and so they can come in and get on our store shelves efficiently and save Americans money. This is an important economic devel-opment bill for this Nation. Let’s get this bill done. Let’s get into conversa-tions with the Senate, and let’s get this on the President’s desk. Let’s help strengthen America. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 243, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 571] AYES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—7 
Doyle, Michael F. Kirkpatrick Lowey McDermott Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
b1812 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 399, noes 25, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 572] AYES—399 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.110 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6058 September 28, 2016 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—25 
Aderholt Amash Brooks (AL) DeFazio Ellmers (NC) Franks (AZ) Gohmert Gosar Green, Gene Huelskamp Jones Jordan Labrador McKinley Miller (FL) Neugebauer Palmer Perry Pitts Polis Roby Rogers (AL) Salmon Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) NOT VOTING—7 
Boyle, Brendan F. Kirkpatrick McDermott Pingree Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1820 Mr. GOHMERT changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONCERN OVER THE DISAPPEARANCE OF DAVID SNEDDON, AND FOR OTHER PUR-POSES Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intel-ligence be discharged from further con-sideration of House Resolution 891, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 891 Whereas David Louis Sneddon is a United States citizen who disappeared while touring the Yunnan Province in the People’s Repub-lic of China as a university student on Au-gust 14, 2004, at the age of 24; Whereas David had last reported to family members prior to his disappearance that he intended to hike the Tiger Leaping Gorge in the Yunnan Province before returning to the United States and had placed a downpay-ment on student housing for the upcoming academic year, planned business meetings, and scheduled law school entrance examina-tions in the United States for the fall; Whereas People’s Republic of China offi-cials have reported to the Department of State and the family of David that he most likely died by falling into the Jinsha River while hiking the Tiger Leaping Gorge, al-though no physical evidence or eyewitness testimony exists to support this conclusion; Whereas there is evidence indicating that David did not fall into the river when he traveled through the gorge, including eye-witness testimonies from people who saw David alive and spoke to him in person after his hike, as recorded by members of David’s family and by embassy officials from the De-partment of State in the months after his disappearance; Whereas family members searching for David shortly after he went missing obtained eyewitness accounts that David stayed over-night in several guesthouses during and after his safe hike through the gorge, and these guesthouse locations suggest that David dis-appeared after passing through the gorge, but the guest registers recording the names and passport numbers of foreign overnight guests could not be accessed; Whereas Chinese officials have reported that evidence does not exist that David was a victim of violent crime, or a resident in a local hospital, prison, or mental institution at the time of his disappearance, and no at-tempt has been made to use David’s passport since the time of his disappearance, nor has any money been withdrawn from his bank account since that time; Whereas David Sneddon is the only United States citizen to disappear without expla-nation in the People’s Republic of China since the normalization of relations between the United States and China during the ad-ministration of President Richard Nixon; Whereas investigative reporters and non-governmental organizations with expertise in the Asia-Pacific region, and in some cases particular expertise in the Asian Under-ground Railroad and North Korea’s program, documented historically, to kidnap citizens of foreign nations for espionage purposes, have repeatedly raised the possibility that the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) was involved in David’s disappearance; and Whereas investigative reporters and non-governmental organizations who have re-viewed David’s case believe it is possible that the Government of North Korea was in-volved in David’s disappearance because— (1) the Yunnan Province is regarded by re-gional experts as an area frequently traf-ficked by North Korean refugees and their support networks, and the Government of the People’s Republic of China allows North Korean agents to operate throughout the re-gion to repatriate refugees, such as promi-nent North Korean defector Kang Byong-sop and members of his family who were cap-tured near the China-Laos border just weeks prior to David’s disappearance; (2) in 2002, North Korean officials acknowl-edged that the Government of North Korea has carried out a policy since the 1970s of ab-ducting foreign citizens and holding them captive in North Korea for the purpose of training its intelligence and military per-sonnel in critical language and culture skills to infiltrate foreign nations; (3) Charles Robert Jenkins, a United States soldier who deserted his unit in South Korea in 1965 and was held captive in North Korea for nearly 40 years, left North Korea in July 2004 (one month before David disappeared in China) and Jenkins reported that he was forced to teach English to North Korean in-telligence and military personnel while in captivity; (4) David Sneddon is fluent in the Korean language and was learning Mandarin, skills that could have been appealing to the Gov-ernment of North Korea; (5) tensions between the United States and North Korea were heightened during the summer of 2004 due to recent approval of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–333) that increased United States aid to refugees fleeing North Korea, prompting the Government of North Korea to issue a press release warning the United States to ‘‘drop its hostile policy’’; (6) David Sneddon’s disappearance fits a known historical pattern often seen in the abduction of foreigners by the Government of North Korea; (7) a well-reputed Japanese nonprofit spe-cializing in North Korean abductions shared with the United States its expert analysis in 2012 about information it stated was received ‘‘from a reliable source’’ that a United States university student largely matching David Sneddon’s description was taken from China by North Korean agents in August 2004; and (8) commentary published in the Wall Street Journal in 2013 cited experts looking at the Sneddon case who concluded that ‘‘it is most probable that a U.S. national has been abducted to North Korea,’’ and ‘‘there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.047 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6059 September 28, 2016 
is a strong possibility that North Korea kid-napped the American’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) expresses its ongoing concern about the disappearance of David Louis Sneddon in Yunnan Province, People’s Republic of China, in August, 2004; (2) encourages the Department of State and the intelligence community to jointly continue investigations and to consider all plausible explanations for David’s disappear-ance, including the possibility of abduction by the Government of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea; (3) urges the Department of State and the intelligence community to coordinate inves-tigations with the Governments of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, Japan, and South Korea and solicit information from appro-priate regional affairs and law enforcement experts on plausible explanations for David’s disappearance; (4) encourages the Department of State to work with foreign governments known to have diplomatic influence with the Govern-ment of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (5) encourages the intelligence community to assess the possibility of the involvement of the Government of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea in David Sneddon’s disappearance and to possibly seek his recov-ery; and (6) requests that the Department of State and the intelligence community continue to work with and inform Congress and the fam-ily of David Sneddon on efforts to possibly recover David and to resolve his disappear-ance. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the attached letters between myself and the Chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence regarding House Concurrent Resolution 891, expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, September 27, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : On September 26, 2016, H. Res. 891, ‘‘Expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes,’’ was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition, to the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence. In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of the resolution, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence will forego consideration of the measure. This courtesy is, however, conditioned on our mutual un-derstanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the resolution or any similar measure. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter in any committee report for the reso-lution and in the Congressional Record dur-ing its floor consideration. Thank you in ad-vance for your cooperation. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 27, 2016. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H. Res. 891, a resolution expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes, and for agreeing to be discharged from further con-sideration of that resolution. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your Com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H. Res. 891 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to submit statements or extraneous materials for the R
ECORD on House Resolution 891. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. 
f 
REGULATORY RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, SCHOOLS, AND NONPROFITS ACT Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 897, I call up the bill (H.R. 6094) to provide for a 6- month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relat-ing to income thresholds for deter-mining overtime pay for executive, ad-ministrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 897, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6094 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EFFECTIVE DATE OF RULE. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Notwithstanding the effective date set forth in the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ex-emptions regarding the rates of pay for exec-utive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees (81 Fed. Reg. 32552 (May 23, 2016)), such rule shall not take effect until June 1, 2017. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to provide au-thority for the rule described in subsection (a), nor any part thereof, that is not other-wise provided by law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 6094. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. I am proud to in-troduce this legislation to provide small businesses, colleges, universities, and nonprofit organizations much needed relief from a fundamentally flawed rule that will do more harm than good. It is unfortunate this legis-lation is necessary in the first place. For over 2 years, Republicans have urged the Department to update our Nation’s overtime rules responsibly. These rules serve as important protec-tions for American workers, but the ex-isting regulatory structure is ex-tremely outdated and complex. The De-partment should have used this oppor-tunity to modernize overtime rules for the 21st century workforce. They should have listened to the countless small-business owners, heads of nonprofit organizations, State and local leaders, and college and univer-sity administrators who warned that an extreme and partisan rule would lead to harmful consequences. But the Department failed to take a balanced approach and refused to listen. Instead, they stuck by a Washington-knows- best mentality and finalized a rule that was exactly what so many hardworking men and women had feared. The rule doubles the salary threshold for overtime eligibility and requires further automatic increases every 3 years. And then, to make matters worse, the Department even kept in place the same old regulatory maze that has existed for decades. As the administration pats itself on the back and rushes to implement a rule in just a few short months, those who will face the real world con-sequences are scrambling to meet the unrealistic December 1 deadline. Ernie Macewen, a South Rockwood small-business owner in my district, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.052 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6060 September 28, 2016 
said he already opted to hire one less employee this year in anticipation of the rule. He said he has heard from other small-business owners who don’t even know the rule exists. Karen Richard, who owns Culver’s restaurants in Ann Arbor and Jackson, is worried the rule will limit opportu-nities for the young people she em-ploys. Adrian College is trying to make tough decisions that could impact tui-tion and services for students, and the time crunch is making the process even more challenging. Bethany Christian Services in Grand Rapids is concerned the rule will un-dermine support for children in need. These stories aren’t unique to Michi-gan. These are the types of stories that are unfolding across the country, yet the administration continues to quick-ly move toward the December 1 imple-mentation date in total disregard for the challenges facing the small busi-nesses, schools, and nonprofit organiza-tions serving our communities. Mr. Speaker, the administration should abandon this rule before it lim-its opportunities for workers, hurts young people striving for an affordable education, burdens hardworking small- business owners, and jeopardizes vital services for vulnerable Americans. It is time to go back to the drawing board and work toward the balanced, responsible approach we have been fighting for from the start. Time is running out. The administra-tion and Members of Congress should do the right thing and provide more time to those struggling to implement this rule before an arbitrary and unre-alistic deadline. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legisla-tion and to help deliver the relief small businesses, schools, and nonprofits in each and every one of our districts so desperately need. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to H.R. 6094, the inappropriately named Regulatory Relief for Small Busi-nesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. First of all, it is not limited to those. It is for all employers. It would delay the implementation of the overtime rule for 6 months. The rule is currently slated to go into effect on December 1, and working families can’t wait an-other 6 months for a long-overdue ad-justment in the overtime rule. We ought to talk a little bit about what we are talking about. If today you are earning $10 an hour, if you work more than 40 hours a week, you get time-and-a-half for every hour worked over 40. And if they change that to the same amount, instead of $10 an hour, $20,000 a year, you still get time-and-a-half for overtime after 40 hours because your salary is under the approximately $23,000 threshold. b1830 If you make $15 an hour, you get time-and-a-half for over 40 hours; but if they change that and call it $30,000 a year, the hours you work over 40 you not only don’t get time-and-a-half, you don’t get paid at all. You just worked extra hours because you are over the threshold. Now, when the threshold was estab-lished many years ago, 60 percent of salaried workers were covered by the overtime rule. They were under the threshold and got overtime. But be-cause it wasn’t adjusted for inflation, it is now only about 7 percent of sala-ried workers who get overtime protec-tion. The Department of Labor over-time rule will increase that threshold up to about $47,000, and this would cover about only 35 percent of salaried workers, but this would still enable millions of Americans to be com-pensated for work over 40 hours. Mr. Speaker, the 40-hour workweek used to be the standard workweek, but with this new rule, more workers will benefit from the overtime rule and be able to get time-and-a-half for hours worked over 40 hours. We have heard this is too quick. When the last adjust-ment was made, under a Republican President, only 4 months were provided to adjust. This rule allowed 6 months. Furthermore, the administration has been working on this for 2 years, so employers have known it was coming. Now, we will hear exaggerated re-ports about the impact on universities. Studies have shown that only a few people will be actually affected by the rule, and of those, only a few people will actually routinely work overtime. So the total of those affected and rou-tinely work overtime is about 1 percent of the university employees. Their sal-ary may go up a little bit or they may be only worked 40 hours, in which case there is no adjustment needed. Either way, you are only talking about a small portion of the salary of 1 percent. That is not going to bankrupt univer-sities. The nonprofits, the same thing, about 1 percent of the employees both routinely work overtime and are af-fected. Their salary may or may not go up, depending on how you respond be-cause a lot of times you will just make sure that people don’t work more than 40 hours a week. They can go home to their families rather than be worked hour after hour after hour. We have also heard an exaggeration about how it will affect jobs, people will have to lay people off. Actually, one study showed that you will actu-ally create jobs, about 100,000 jobs over the economy, because if an employer has 120 hours that need to be worked, and he is working two people 60 hours a week without paying for the extra hours, with this rule, he may be paying them time-and-a-half, and it may make more sense to hire a third person; so three people work 40 hours a week. That would create, as I said, about 100,000 jobs. Mr. Speaker, this bill would unneces-sarily delay fair pay to millions of workers. The President, thankfully, has said that if this bill ever sees his desk, he will veto it. We can remove that uncertainty just by defeating the bill here and now. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. K
LINE), the chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, a man who we will all miss next year, the wisdom, the leadership, the success that he has brought to this committee, a man who understands that we work together, but sometimes we press forward to do the right thing. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for his tre-mendous leadership on this issue and so many more. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6094. In 2014, the Department of Labor began an effort to update Federal over-time rules. There would have been strong bipartisan support for that ef-fort if the Department had pursued a responsible approach. In fact, we have spent years engaging in this issue be-cause we believe Federal overtime rules need to be modernized, both to strengthen protections for workers and to provide more clarity and certainty for employers. Unfortunately, the Department took a different approach and finalized an extreme rule that will hurt those it is supposed to help. As we have heard from witnesses at hearings and con-stituents back home, the rule will leave individuals with less flexibility at work and fewer opportunities to fur-ther their careers or pursue jobs they want or truly need. We have also learned that the rule will make college less affordable and make it more dif-ficult for charitable organizations to serve people in need. The purpose of the legislation we are considering today is to provide some relief—even if temporary—to those who will be harmed the most: men and women working hard to grow their own businesses and employees trying to provide a better life for their families, students pursuing the dream of a high-er education, and countless Americans relying on nonprofits for help and sup-port. It took the Obama administration more than 2 years—27 months—to com-plete this rule, but they have given the American people just 6 months to make the difficult choices necessary to implement it. According to one report, almost half—49 percent—of small busi-nesses aren’t even aware the new rule exists. Imagine how many schools and nonprofits are in the same position. This legislation will give these men and women more time to implement the rule and help mitigate its impact on students, workers, and vulnerable individuals. But the clock is ticking. Important decisions about payroll and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.117 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6061 September 28, 2016 
staffing have to be made and quickly. If we fail to act now, it may be too late. I want to thank Mr. W
ALBERG for in-troducing this important legislation and for his continued leadership in championing efforts to responsibly—re-sponsibly—update Federal overtime rules. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume just to acknowledge the retire-ment of the Chair. I have only been ranking member for this Congress, but we have been able to work together constructively for elementary and sec-ondary education, juvenile justice, ca-reer and technical education, Older Americans Act, several higher edu-cation bills, all working constructively together. I want to thank the gen-tleman for his cooperative spirit. We agree on a lot and we are able to work forward. We disagree, as we are on this bill, but we are able to do that in a dig-nified way and still be able to accom-plish a great deal during this Congress. I want to congratulate him on a great career. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Work-force Protections. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member S
COTT. As ranking member of the Sub-committee on Workforce Protections on the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I rise to voice my strong opposition to H.R. 6094, which would delay the overtime rule. It is not fair that the men and women teetering on the brink of poverty, people making $23,660 a year, are asked to work 50, 60, or 70 hours a week with no promise of extra pay. It is not fair that millions of mothers and fathers who are forced to work long hours each week find it al-most impossible to give their children the time and attention they deserve, yet they are still deprived of the over-time pay that could lead to the eco-nomic security of their families. The Department’s overtime rule will extend long-awaited wage protections to nearly 4.2 million Americans, in-cluding 331,000 Floridians. I applaud the Department and the administra-tion for their continued commitment to combating the wage stagnation that has left far too many Floridians work-ing more hours for less pay. My hard-working constituents and Americans across this country deserve a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work. This overtime rule makes us one step closer to this goal. Small-business own-ers, nonprofits, and higher education institutions have options for com-plying with this rule, which would not impose any additional cost. Let’s make that clear. H.R. 6094 will take $600 mil-lion out of the pockets of 4.2 million American workers who would have gained overtime protections on Decem-ber 1. This is $600 million they will never see. That means, for example, that workers will have less money to spend on their families and their fu-tures. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we are re-quired to serve the will of the people, and millions of working class people want and need this rule now. Polls show that 76 percent of voters say they support the rule. We must do what is best for the American people by ensur-ing that all Americans are paid a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work. I re-main steadfast in my commitment to strengthening the wage and hour pro-tections that Americans deserve. It is critical that the overtime rule goes into effect without any changes on De-cember 1, 2016. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), the distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions, and my good friend. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. I rise today in support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Busi-nesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act, a much-needed piece of legislation that will delay the Department of Labor’s misguided proposed overtime rule. The annual wage in my home State of Tennessee is $41,300. In my district, the median household income is even lower, $39,000. The Department’s pro-posed threshold for overtime is $47,000. That means that well over half the households in my district could be im-pacted by this ruling. My question to the Department of Labor is: If over half the workers in an area will be affected by a regulation, where will the money come from? The government might be able to print money, but if a local mom-and- pop business back home in my district started doing that, it is a felony, and the Secret Service won’t be stopping by just to say hello. The answer is fairly obvious to any-one who has run a business or had to meet a payroll. To comply with the regulation, fewer full-time employees will be hired, and workers will be strictly limited in their hours. While the regulation may give a few employ-ees a pay raise, for many other employ-ees it will result in fewer opportunities and unemployment. We all want to see wages go up and the economy recover like it has in the past, but that happens by decreasing the number of oppressive regulations to stimulate job creation and business growth, not by adding yet another layer of regulation that could put small companies and nonprofits across my district out of business or cause them to cut back workers’ hours and change salaried employees to hourly. Additionally, if this rule is finalized, the colleges in my district will be af-fected to the tune of between $1 million and $9 million annually, which will only end up raising the price of edu-cation, which is already too high. I want to say in closing that I am an Eagle Scout and very proud to be one. As you may know, the motto of the Scouts is: Be Prepared. Unfortunately, for groups like the Boy Scouts of America that rely on do-nations, there is no way that they could be prepared to pay all their em-ployees $47,476 or more and continue operating. This proposed rule will do nothing but hurt an already ailing economy and force groups like the Boy Scouts to cut back on their operation that helps kids, rich and poor, come to-gether and learn skills they need to be a productive member of society when they grow up. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ), the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and a hardworking member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Virginia, the ranking member, Mr. S
COTT, for his leadership on this issue. I am here to express my strong oppo-sition to H.R. 6094. Prior to the Depart-ment of Labor taking action this year, the rules governing overtime were woe-fully out of date. In 1975, 60 percent of salaried workers had access to over-time protections. Four decades later, that number was just 8 percent. The re-sult is that millions of American work-ers were denied a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work for far too long. On numerous occasions, my col-leagues across the aisle have conceded that the threshold should be increased, but they say that this increase is too much too soon. Mr. Speaker, with all due respect, an incremental change would have been appropriate three decades ago. Now we need bold action to restore overtime protections for middle class workers. b1845 I find it ironic that this bill is called the Regulatory Relief for Small Busi-nesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. After decades of long hours and low pay, it is working families that need relief. This bill takes money out of the pockets of middle class Americans right before the holiday season. In re-ality, this bill should be called the Grinch Act. The overtime rule will ensure that 4.2 million Americans will have access to overtime protections. An additional 8.9 million workers will see their overtime protections strengthened. These middle class workers will either get an in-crease in pay or more time to spend with their families or both. This is plainly one of the most significant steps we can take to support the mid-dle class. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.118 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6062 September 28, 2016 
I am not blind to the concerns of the business communities. I have heard from small businesses, institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organi-zations in my own district who are worried about the impact this rule will have on their bottom lines; but the truth is, while this rule is a big deal for workers, it will not have a significant consequence for businesses. The De-partment of Labor estimates that the total cost of the rule will amount to less than one-tenth of 1 percent of total U.S. payroll costs. I repeat that: less than one-tenth of 1 percent of total U.S. payroll costs. Among workers affected by the rule, only one in five regularly work over-time. At universities and colleges, em-ployees whose primary duties are teaching, lecturing, or instructing are exempt from overtime coverage under the Fair Labor Standards Act. Only 3.4 percent of all employees in colleges, universities, and junior colleges will be affected by this rule. Only 0.5 percent of those workers usually work over-time. And who are these workers? They are the people peeling potatoes in the din-ing hall, they are the landscapers cut-ting grass in the quad, and they are the sporting equipment managers who work in multimillion-dollar athletic facilities, but can barely afford to sup-port their families. They deserve to be paid for the hours they work. Employers have inexpensive options for complying with this rule. For ex-ample, they can work with their teams to ensure that their employees are only working 40 hours a week, preventing overwork, as the Fair Labor Standards Act intended. Yes, we have heard concerns about the overtime rule from the business community, but we have also heard their support. Ranking Member S
COTT and Chairman K
LINE received a letter from the American Sustainable Busi-ness Council urging Congress to sup-port a full implementation deadline of December 1, 2016. These businesses be-lieve that any delay would be unduly burdensome, as businesses have been preparing for the rule to go into effect this year. We have also received support from the nonprofits. I will include in the R
ECORD two letters to the Department of Labor offering support for the rule during the rulemaking process: one with nearly two dozen nonprofits, and another letter with roughly 140 organi-zations supporting the final rule. 
SEPTEMBER 4, 2015. Re Comments in Support of DOL’s Notice of Proposed Rulemaking Defining and De-limiting the Exemptions for Executive, Administrative, Professional, Outside Sales and Computer Employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act, RIN 1235– AA11. M
ARYZIEGLER , Director, Division of Regulations, Legislation and Interpretation, Wage and Hour Divi-sion, U.S. Department of Labor, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMS. ZIEGLER : The undersigned are all non-profit organizations that provide direct services to low-income, marginalized, under- represented, or otherwise disadvantaged communities of people. We all labor under tight budgets as well as a demand for our services that far outstrips what we could ever hope to provide. We are writing in full support of DOL’s ef-forts to update the Executive, Administra-tive and Professional (EAP) exemptions to overtime coverage. These are rules which will greatly benefit the vulnerable commu-nities we all strive to serve. Once they are in effect, our clients will see one of three re-sults, all of which are overwhelmingly posi-tive: (1) many will work fewer hours for no less pay, either affording them more time with their families and children, or freeing them up to find a second paying job, so that they can better make ends meet; (2) others will receive more compensation in their cur-rent jobs, in the form of overtime pay; and (3) the many unemployed and under-em-ployed people we serve will have new oppor-tunities for jobs or extra hours at their cur-rent jobs once the extra hours now worked for free, are spread out among other workers. While we recognize that our organizations may well have to reclassify some of our own workforce, we welcome the challenge. Just as we do not want our clients to labor under abusive situations, so too must we consider how to best and most humanely use our own human resources. Our management teams welcome the opportunity this will provide to examine the work we are doing, how we are doing it, and look for efficiencies where we can, prioritize our work better, and ensure that our own staff have the same overtime protections that we want for our clients. The justice we seek for our clients in the world must also exist within our own organiza-tions. The proposed updates to the EAP exemp-tions are long over-due and we applaud the Department of Labor for taking the nec-essary steps to make the overtime laws of this country meaningful again. Thank you for the opportunity to submit these comments. Sincerely, CASA The Arc of Northern Virginia Casa Latina Center for Worker Justice Community Service Society Council on American-Islamic Relations Employment Justice Center First Shift Justice Project Florida Immigrant Coalition Maryland Legal Aid Massachusetts Coalition for Occupational Safety and Health (MassCOSH) Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Advo-cacy Coalition North Carolina Justice Center Northwest Arkansas Workers’ Justice Center Public Justice Center Restaurant Opportunities Centers United Root & Rebound: Reentry Advocates Rubicon Programs Safer Foundation Urban Justice Center Worker Justice Center of New York YWCA USA. ECONOMIC POLICY INSTITUTE , Washington, DC. N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS IN SUPPORT OF THE  D
EPARTMENT OF LABOR ’SNEWOVERTIME  R
EGULATIONS  We, the undersigned nonprofit organiza-tions, write in support of the Department of Labor’s new overtime regulations. The up-dated overtime rule is a great victory for working people across the United States. In its recently announced final regulation, the Department of Labor raised the salary threshold below which most workers are eli-gible for overtime pay from $23,660 to $47,476. This change will create hundreds of thou-sands of jobs, extend overtime protections to millions of workers, reduce excessive hours of unpaid work by underpaid employees, and increase salaries for employees earning near the new threshold. In particular, this rule represents an important step toward fairer pay for women and people of color, who are overrepresented in lower-paying jobs and are often required to work additional hours without compensation. We recognize that many nonprofit organi-zations will have to think through and solve interesting problems and will face challenges as we make the changes needed to comply with the new regulations. These important changes will not necessarily be easy. None-theless, we embrace this opportunity to re-store the overtime pay that lower-paid work-ers toiling more than 40 hours a week are en-titled to. For many nonprofits, including those of us that provide human services or advocate for workers’ rights, poverty reduction, or eco-nomic and social justice, this is a critical op-portunity to improve the working conditions and the economic lives of the people we serve. At the same time, our own workers and the families they support also deserve fair compensation and greater economic se-curity. As nonprofit organizations more broadly, we are dedicated to improving the public good. It is time to revisit the idea that work-ing for the public good should somehow mean requiring the lowest-paid among us to support these efforts by working long hours, many of which are unpaid. All of the undersigned nonprofit organiza-tions are committed to complying with the new overtime regulations. We commend the Department of Labor for this significant re-form, which will create better jobs and work-ing conditions for millions of working people throughout the country. We support this his-toric social justice reform. Signed, 21st Century School Fund; 9to5, National Association of Working Women; 9to5 Cali-fornia; 9to5 Colorado; 9to5 Georgia; 9to5 Wis-consin; A Better Balance; ActBlue; Advo-cates for Youth; African American Ministers In Action; Agenda Project Action Fund; Alaska People’s Action; American Associa-tion of University Women; American Family Voices; American Federation of State, Coun-ty and Municipal Employees (AFSCME); American Federation of Teachers; Ameri-cans for Democratic Action (ADA); Anti- Poverty Network of New Jersey. Ariva; Asian Counseling and Referral Serv-ice; Atlanta Women for Equality; Avodah; The Battle of Homestead Foundation; Bene-dictine Sisters of Baltimore; Bend the Arc Jewish Action; Black Children’s Institute of Tennessee; Brevard NOW; Bus Federation; Campaign for America’s Future; CASA; Cat-alyst Miami; Center for American Progress; Center for Community Change; Center for Economic and Policy Research; Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); Center for Popular Democracy; Center for Women Pol-icy Studies; Center for WorkLife Law; Center on Policy Initiatives. The Century Foundation; Children’s Law Center (District of Columbia); Class Action; Clergy and Laity United for Economic Jus-tice (CLUE); Clerics of St. Viator (Viatorians); ClimateTruth.org; Coalition on Human Needs; Colorado Fiscal Institute; Col-orado Organization for Latina Opportunity and Reproductive Rights (COLOR); Commu-nity, Faith and Labor Coalition; Community Forum for Economic Justice; Connecticut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.120 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6063 September 28, 2016 
Citizen Action Group (CCAG); Courage Cam-paign; Delaware Alliance for Community Ad-vancement; Democratic Socialists of Amer-ica; Democratic Women’s Club of Florida; Democracy for America; Demos. Economic Opportunity Institute; Economic Policy Institute; Elizabeth Coalition to House the Homeless; Emerge Colorado; End Hunger CT!; Fair Budget Coalition; Fair World Project; Family Values @ Work; First Shift Justice Project; FRESC: Good Jobs, Strong Communities; Generation Progress; God’s Will In Action; Gospel Justice Com-mittee; Greater New York Labor-Religion Coalition; Greater Orlando NOW; HEAL; Human Services Council of New York; Illi-nois Economic Policy Institute. Indiana Community Action Association; Indiana Institute for Working Families; In-novation Ohio Education Fund; Institute for Science and Human Values, Inc; Interfaith Worker Justice; Interfaith Center for Worker Justice of San Diego County; Interfaith Coa-lition for Worker Justice; International Brotherhood of Teamsters; Iowa Coalition Against Domestic Violence; Jobs With Jus-tice; Keystone Research Center; Latino Com-mission on AIDS; Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; Legal Aid Service of Broward County; Legal Aid Society of the District of Columbia; Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy (LAANE); Medical Mis-sion Sisters; MomsRising; MoveOn.org. NAACP; NARAL Pro-Choice Colorado; Na-tional Alliance for Partnerships in Equity; National Association of Social Workers; Na-tional Black Justice Coalition; National Center for Lesbian Rights; National Center for Transgender Equality; National Council of La Raza (NCLR); National Employment Law Project (NELP); National Employment Lawyers Association; National Low Income Housing Coalition; National Partnership for Women & Families; National Resource Cen-ter on Domestic Violence; National Women’s Law Center; NETWORK LOBBY; New Jersey Policy Perspective; New Jersey Work Envi-ronment Council; Noorvik Boys & Girls Club Alaska; North Carolina Justice Center; One Wisconsin Now; Organize Now; PathStone Corporation; PathWays PA. People’s Action; Pennsylvania Council of Churches; Princeton Community Housing; ProgressOhio; Progressive Change Campaign Committee; Public Health Advocates; Public Justice Center; Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law; Service Employees International Union (SEIU); Sierra Club; Sis-ters of the Presentation; Social Security Works; South Carolina Community Loan Fund; Southeast Ministry DC; Teens, Train-ing, & Taxes; Toledo Area Jobs with Justice & Interfaith Worker Justice Coalition; The Union of Concerned Scientists; UltraViolet. United Auto Workers (UAW); United States Student Association; United Steel-workers; URGE: Unite for Reproductive & Gender Equity; Voices for Progress; Wash-ington Community Action Network; Wash-ington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs; Washington State Labor Council, AFL-CIO; Westland Ecumenical Community Food Pantry; West Virginia Cen-ter on Budget and Policy; Wisconsin Council on Children & Families; Wisconsin Faith Voices for Justice Workers’ Dignity Project; Women AdvaNCe; Women Employed; Wom-en’s Law Project; Working America; Work-ing Partnerships USA; YWCA USA. 
Mr. TAKANO. Finally, I want to raise objection to the way that this legislation is being considered. H.R. 6094 was brought to the floor as an emergency measure, bypassing regular order. Mr. Speaker, an emergency is the epidemic of gun violence that kills 91 Americans every day. An emergency is averting a damaging shutdown and funding the Federal Government. Tak-ing $600 million out of the pockets of hardworking Americans and preventing them from spending time with their families is not an emergency, and that is what H.R. 6094 would do. This legislation and the way it is being considered is a message to mid-dle class families that they are not a priority for this Congress. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just respond to my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Cali-fornia, that I appreciate the passion that he displays. None of us want to be grinches. My concern, however, is that at Christmastime it won’t be the fact that they would get more money as a result of this. The fact is many will lose their jobs. There could be nothing worse at Christmastime than to lose jobs that they have had. I would also suggest that the reports that were listed are similar reports and probably from similar researchers that told us if we liked our insurance, we could keep it; if we liked our doctor, we could keep him or her. We are talking about an issue here that relates to people who are salaried. Most of the references that were made of employees by my colleague are peo-ple that aren’t salaried. We are not talking about them. We are talking about people that are building a re-sume, an opportunity for flexibility, to meet the needs of their families, to have continued opportunity to grow in their work relationships and respon-sibilities. Some, as we heard in com-mittee, come to us having started on the grill, went to assistant manager, and ended up owning corporations and leading them. So I think we need to watch those studies, as well, and what they purport and where they come from. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOU-
STANY ), a good friend and a gentleman who understands it from another per-spective. Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the chair-man for yielding time, and I stand in support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, south Louisiana re-cently experienced historic flooding that damaged 12,000 businesses, leaving them struggling to survive. Recuper-ation is one thing, but survival is at stake right now for these businesses. The Department of Labor’s overtime rule would effectively force a choice for these flood-affected employers: either delay the much-needed recovery efforts or rapidly deplete limited funds they have available for recovering, paying for higher labor costs, as dictated by this new rule. The consequences of this rule are real. They are having a real impact, a detrimental impact. That is why just last week, my home State of Louisiana joined 20 other States in filing a law-suit challenging this rule. This rule will force many businesses to unfairly and substantially increase their employment costs. This rule will lead to higher unemployment, in many instances. Small businesses will be really affected in a big way by this, at a time when labor participation is at an all-time low in the workforce—at least, something we haven’t seen since the seventies. We should be encouraging growth. I don’t know why our colleagues don’t understand the need for economic growth and progrowth policies. We should be encouraging growth of small business and development in the work-place. This rule, instead, would hinder opportunities for employees to move up the career ladder. That is why I support this bill, the Regulatory Relief for Small Busi-nesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. This is really important legislation that will delay the implementation of this ill-conceived, disastrous rule. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ), a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6094. There has been a lot of talk about what small businesses think about this law. We put it in the name of the bill. Well, let me give you a perspective of a small-business owner for 29 years. I am, this week—maybe not right now; they might have left—paying overtime to one of my employees. They are working extra hours because we are extra busy at this time of year. You know what that means when I pay them extra money? That means I am making more money because we have got more hours that we are billing out. All I am doing is sharing it with the employees who, otherwise, are spending less time with their families. That is why we pay overtime pay. It is a pretty basic concept. The problem is, if you delay this rule for 6 months, you will deny Americans $600 million in pay during that time. There will be 4.2 million Americans newly eligible for overtime pay, under the proposed rule. Another 8.9 million working Americans will have their overtime protections strengthened under this rule. Let’s make sure people really under-stand what it is really about. The cur-rent level that is in place for overtime is $23,400. The Federal poverty line for a family of four, Mr. Speaker, is $24,300. We are asking people to work over-time—extra hours—for free who are liv-ing below the Federal poverty line at the current level. That makes abso-lutely no sense whatsoever. As an em-ployer, I would feel terrible that I have an employee putting 60 hours a week in and living below the Federal poverty line. So the problem is there are some em-ployers and some business models that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.056 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6064 September 28, 2016 
simply aren’t sufficient because they are taking advantage of the current overtime rule because it is so anti-quated—it is from 2004—and that is simply why we have to have it in-creased. Only 7 percent of the full-time salary workforce right now is under that rule. If you go back to 1975, that was at 60 percent. Even with this rule, we are only bringing that up to a third of full- time salaried workers. It is long over-due. So what does this bill do? This would delay it for 6 months. Let’s be honest. This isn’t about delaying it for 6 months. This is about trying to kill the bill outright. This is about trying not to have an increase in overtime pay. It was very clear from the hearings that a lot of these businesses make money off of their current model. We have seen that in the economy. Wages have generally been flat; although, recently, we have seen a little uptick. Corporate profits have soared. CEO profits have soared. The stock market has soared. The only thing left behind are wages. This is one of those things to deal with it for someone who could be living on the Federal poverty line, giving free hours to an employer who, I would argue, needs a better business model. What will happen if this rule goes into effect? One of three things: First, you will see people working fewer hours for no less pay and able to spend more time with their family or time to get a second job if they need additional money to support their fam-ily; Second, they will receive more com-pensation in their current jobs in the form of overtime pay; Third, many unemployed or under-employed people will see new opportu-nities for jobs or extra hours at their current jobs once those extra hours are no longer worked for free and, instead, spread out among workers. It is a scare tactic to say that people are going to be fired and lose work be-fore the holidays. I am an employer. I am happy. I make money this week be-cause I am paying someone overtime. I know I am making even more money for my business. I learned this once when I talked to a very successful businessowner in Wis-consin about taxes. He said, I don’t mind paying taxes. If I am making money, I pay taxes. If I am not making money, I am not paying. That is the way it should be. That is how I look at this. I want to share it with my employees because, if they are making the sacrifice away from their families, that is why we have overtime pay in place. That is why we have this rule in place. This delay is a bad idea. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Wisconsin an additional 10 seconds. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD letters from organization that support the overtime rule. AFSCME, Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I want to express our strong sup-port for the Department of Labor’s (DOL) new overtime rule set for implementation on December 1, and urge you to oppose any ef-forts to overturn, weaken or delay it. In par-ticular, we are strongly opposed to the Regu-latory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act (H.R. 6094), and we urge you to vote no when this bill comes to the House floor for a vote. This new rule is an overdue and historic update that would raise the salary threshold below which most workers are eligible for overtime pay from $23,660 to $47,486. It’s a recognition of our country’s forward-moving economy and is supported by the over-whelming majority of Americans who believe that too many workers are working too many hours for too little pay—a major step in addressing stagnant incomes and wage in-equality. It will benefit 12.5 million people— including 4.2 million parents who together have 7.3 million children under the age of 18. H.R. 6094 would hurt many hardworking Americans that the updated rule is intended to help, and needlessly delay implementa-tion of the overtime rule. The stated reason for the delay is to lessen the impact on small businesses, nonprofits, and colleges and uni-versities. However, opposition to the over-time rule as it applies to nonprofits and uni-versities is vastly overstated. Many employ-ees of nonprofits who perform charitable op-erations are not engaged in ‘‘commercial sales’’ or ‘‘business transactions’’ that lead to ‘‘enterprise’’ coverage under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). For univer-sities, the majority of their workers are al-ready exempt from FLSA overtime coverage, including professors, instructors, coaches, counselors, and most teaching assistants. Also, before the DOL’s overtime rule was made final, many businesses, including small businesses, had forced low-level salaried em-ployees to work long hours for no extra com-pensation. Employees who work in small businesses deserve the same protection as those who work for medium-sized and large businesses. The updated salary level is meant to do one thing—prevent employers from denying a 40-hour workweek and over-time pay to workers. Americans who are employed in these sec-tors should not be exploited by employers and work excessive hours, or be denied time with their families. They are no less deserv-ing of protections from working long hours with no pay than any other workers. Experts insist this rule is a critical opportunity to create better jobs and improve the economic lives of low-wage working people. Updating the FLSA rules requiring over-time pay will provide one of the best eco-nomic boosts for working families in many years. H.R. 6094 is a direct attack on Amer-ican families and workers, which would hinder job creation, weaken protections for millions of workers, and deny millions of workers a fair day’s pay for a hard day’s work. AFSCME urges you to support the DOL’s new overtime rule, and to oppose H.R. 6094 and other efforts to delay, weaken or repeal the rule. Sincerely, S
COTT FREY, Director of Federal Government Affairs. THELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE ON  C
IVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS , Washington, DC, September 27, 2016. O
PPOSE H.R. 6094: T HEREGULATORY RELIEF  
FORSMALL BUSINESSES , SCHOOLS , ANDNON-
PROFITS ACT D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, a coalition charged by its diverse membership of more than 200 organizations to promote and protect the rights of all per-sons in the United States, we urge you to op-pose H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. This bill would delay the implementa-tion of the Department of Labor’s new over-time protections by six months, forcing mil-lions of workers and their families to wait another half year before they become eligi-ble for overtime pay. The Leadership Conference strongly sup-ports the new overtime rules, which are scheduled to take effect on December 1, 2016. Following a lengthy comment period, the final rule, released in May, was preceded by months of careful consideration by the De-partment of Labor, which incorporated ex-tensive economic analysis and the feedback from 270,000 letters of comment. The rule raises the overtime salary thresh-old from $23,660 to $47,476, meaning that more employees putting in long hours will fi-nally get the pay they deserve for their hard work. The Department of Labor estimates that 4.2 million workers currently considered exempt will gain the right to overtime pay, and the Economic Policy Institute projects that 12.5 million workers in total will benefit from the new overtime protections. Women and people of color will benefit significantly as more women, African American and His-panic salaried managerial and professional workers fall at the lower end of the salary scale. This month, data from the U.S. Census Bu-reau showed a substantial increase in income for American households, breaking a long- running pattern of stagnation. It is critical that we build on the progress made in the economic recovery by ensuring that middle- class and working families get a raise, as planned, on December 1 when the new over-time protections take effect. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose H.R. 6094, which would unnecessarily delay by six months the new overtime rules and the increased income they would bring to working families. Thank you for your con-sideration. Sincerely, W
ADEHENDERSON , President & CEO. N
ANCY ZIRKIN , Executive Vice Presi-dent. 
SEPTEMBER 27, 2016. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : I am writing to urge you to support the U.S. Department of Labor’s overtime regulation and oppose the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act (H.R. 6094), which would delay its implementation. The new overtime rule that is scheduled to take effect on December 1 would finally end the days when people who work long hours for poverty wages are not required to receive overtime pay. By updating wage and hour protections that have been allowed to erode for decades, the new rule will make a tre-mendous difference for millions of working women and their families. The National Partnership for Women & Families is a nonprofit, nonpartisan advo-cacy group dedicated to promoting fairness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.121 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6065 September 28, 2016 
in the workplace, reproductive health and rights, access to quality health care and policies that help women and men meet the dual demands of work and family. For four decades, we have fought for every major pol-icy advance that has helped women and fam-ilies. Right now in our country, only hourly workers and salaried workers making less than $23,660 per year—which is below the poverty line for a family of four—qualify for overtime pay when they work more than 40 hours per week. It has been three decades since the regulations that govern overtime pay in our country have been updated in a meaningful way. In its final regulation, the Department of Labor raised the salary threshold below which most workers are eli-gible for overtime pay from $23,660 to $47,476. The rule will extend overtime eligibility and protections to millions of women and help them support themselves and their fam-ilies. The rule will provide or strengthen overtime protections under the Fair Labor Standards Act for as many as 12.5 million salaried workers, 6.4 million of whom are women, boosting economic security for working families across the country. Out-dated overtime rules contribute to unfair pay, which has harmful consequences—in-cluding for the two-thirds of mothers who are breadwinners or co-breadwinners for their families. In particular, this rule rep-resents an important step toward fairer pay for women and people of color, who are over-represented in lower-paying jobs and are often required to work additional hours without compensation. Expanding overtime protections will guar-antee employees fairer wages and hours. Under the current low and outdated thresh-old, a promotion to ‘‘shift supervisor’’ for a salary of just $24,000 a year could cost a woman her overtime pay. The new rule will help to keep millions of workers from being denied the pay they rightfully deserve and their families desperately need. Employers who have been relying on their employees’ free labor now will have to acknowledge the value of the 40-hour workweek by either lim-iting workers to 40-hour workweeks, thus giving them more time with their families, or compensating them for the hours they work. This overtime rule is long overdue. It will help end blatant worker exploitation and help restore basic fairness to our nation’s workplaces. It is a historic advance for fair pay. It must not be diminished or delayed. Please support the overtime regulation and vote no when the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act (H.R. 6094) comes to the floor. Working families cannot wait any longer. Sincerely, D
EBRA L. N ESS, President, National Partnership for Women & Families. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the chairman of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, as chair-man of the House Small Business Com-mittee, I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan for his leadership on this issue. I am a cosponsor, and I strongly support passage of this legis-lation. The Department of Labor’s overtime rule is yet another one-size-fits-all mandate out of Washington that will have severe negative impacts on small businesses and their employees. Countless small employers, including small businesses, nonprofits, and coun-ties, simply do not have the profit mar-gins or budget flexibility to increase the salaries of workers who are cur-rently exempt to the new salary level. Not only is the 100 percent salary level increase too high, but the compli-ance timeline is far too short. With the December 1 deadline looming, small businesses are scrambling to figure out how the rule will impact them and what they need to do to comply to stay out of trouble with this Federal Gov-ernment. According to a survey by Paychex, 49 percent of businessowners aren’t even aware of the final overtime rule, which is rapidly breathing down their necks. Over the past year, the Committee on Small Business has heard from count-less small businesses that share their concerns about the overtime rule. b1900 Many small businesses currently give their employees flexible schedules, pay increases when they can afford it, and offer career advancement opportunities because employees are the key to their successes. They want to treat their em-ployees well. They don’t need the Fed-eral Government telling them to do that. The new labor rule would limit the ability of small businesses to provide these benefits, which would have a dev-astating impact on employee morale. Our committee members, and other of-ficials, including the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Ad-ministration, joined small businesses in urging the Department of Labor to change course. In fact, the Chief Counsel for Advo-cacy sent the Department of Labor a letter that described numerous prob-lems with the rule and recommended that small businesses be given at least a year or 18 months to comply. Instead, the Department of Labor finalized the rule without addressing small business concerns and made the compliance deadline December 1, providing barely 6 months to comply, when they said that they ought to have at least a year or 18 months. H.R. 6094, this bill, is critical because it will provide small businesses with 6 more months to figure out how the rule affects them, how to deal with it, and what changes they need to make to stay out of trouble with the Labor De-partment. I urge my colleagues to stand up for small businesses and support this bill. I would, again, thank Congressman W
ALBERG for his leadership on this. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ), the ranking member of the Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations Sub-committee of the Small Business Com-mittee. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise today in support of the Depart-ment of Labor’s overtime rule that will go into effect on December 1, 2016. This rule will protect 4.2 million workers who are newly eligible for overtime pay and strengthen protections for 8.9 million workers nationwide. Such a change not only puts more money in workers’ pockets, it also strengthens our economy by driving consumer spending. H.R. 6094 is an attempt to delay the implementation of the overtime rule, taking $600 million out of the pockets of 4.2 million American workers who would have gained overtime protection on December 1. In North Carolina, 425,000 workers will benefit from the new rule. I acknowledge the concerns of my colleagues regarding the impact this rule may have on small businesses, uni-versities, and nonprofits. Only 3.4 per-cent of employees at colleges and uni-versities and junior colleges will be af-fected by this rule. Of those groups, only one-half percent of employees will be both affected by the rule and regu-larly work overtime. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield the gentlewoman an addi-tional 30 seconds. Ms. ADAMS. Preserving the right to overtime pay is crucial at the time when lower- and middle-income family wages are stagnant. I urge my col-leagues to vote against H.R. 6094 and support working families. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), a distin-guished member from Pennsylvania. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Non-profits Act introduced by my col-league, Mr. W
ALBERG . As an original cosponsor of this measure, I am fully supportive of its goal—to put the brakes on the Department of Labor’s final overtime rule and continue to shield workers, small businesses, non-profits, and educational institutions from its potentially devastating ef-fects. Under the final rule from the Depart-ment of Labor, companies and organi-zations will be required to pay over-time to employees who make less than $47,476, more than double the current salary threshold. While there is little doubt that the current overtime rules are in need of modernization, the De-partment’s drastic approach will do more harm than good, marginalizing economic growth, diminishing access to valuable services provided by non-profits, and discouraging upward mo-bility in the workplace. Mr. Speaker, in the midst of an econ-omy that is still struggling, we simply cannot allow for the enactment of ill- advised policies that make it harder for hardworking Americans to make ends meet. For that reason, I am proud to support this measure, and I ask my col-leagues to do the same. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.058 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6066 September 28, 2016 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of the Small Business Committee. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. With the minimum wage fail-ing to provide a living wage, Americans are working more hours than ever. Full-time employees are working an average of 47 hours a week. Nearly 40 percent report logging 50 hours or more. Yet, only 7 percent of salaried work-ers qualified for overtime last year, down from 62 percent 40 years ago. Up-dating the rule to restore the purpose of the Fair Labor Standards Act was long overdue. In New York State, an additional 23 percent of the salaried workforce, near-ly 1 million employees, will directly benefit from the new regulations. At a time when lower- and middle-income wages remain stagnant, these changes will be particularly helpful to Amer-ican families. Our colleagues on the other side go on about the negative impact on small businesses. Yet, the data shows that this rule will increase payroll less than one-tenth of 1 percent. Furthermore, this money will go directly in the pockets of the middle and working class, who will spend it at their local small businesses. It is not going to di-minish job creation in this country. It will increase employment opportuni-ties in this country when those work-ers will go and spend their money in the local businesses. They are not going to go and get a loan to find—to buy another home. They will not buy a second home. They will spend it in the local economy. So, in turn, this provides an eco-nomic boost that will create over 120,000 new jobs. This is a win-win regu-lation. Let’s be clear, no one is asking to be unjustly enriched, only to be fairly compensated for a hard day’s work. These ideals are advanced by the DOL’s overtime rule. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Yet, despite this benefit for millions of Americans, this legislation will delay the rule until June 2017, when I am sure there will be attempts to eliminate this rule com-pletely. I cannot and will not support this attack on workers. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  this letter from the American Sustain-able Business Council in support of the overtime regulations. AMERICAN SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS  C
OUNCIL , July 12, 2016. Hon. J
OHNKLINE, Chairman, Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. R
OBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT, Ranking Member, Education and the Workforce Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN KLINE AND RANKING MEM-
BERSCOTT: On behalf of the businesses rep-resented by the American Sustainable Busi-ness Council’s, ASBC, network, I write in support of the Department of Labor’s re-cently released overtime rule, and to oppose a Congressional Review Act, CRA, action to roll it back. ASBC advocates for policy change and market solutions for building a vibrant, sus-tainable economy. Through its national member network, ASBC represents more than 200,000 business owners, executives and investors from a wide range of industries. The rule creates certainty and predict-ability for business owners. Since the an-nouncement of the draft rule in July 2015 and the release of the final rule this spring, busi-nesses have been planning for its implemen-tation on December 1, 2016. In fact, payroll operations companies have been marketing solutions to help employers handle the tran-sition. Invoking a CRA or other legislative action delaying the overtime rule will create unnec-essary and disruptive uncertainty for busi-ness owners. Business owners, by nature, are creative at problem solving. When rules are established, they make the necessary deci-sions to comply. However, when the rules are in flux, business owners react to the uncer-tainty by holding back on investments in growth and expansion. When employers set fairer, clearer wages, they earn dividends with happier, more pro-ductive employees. That’s good news for a businesses’ bottom line, and for growing the nation’s middle class. High road businesses understand that compensating their employ-ees for extra time spent on the job builds a better work culture. The American economy is fundamentally a domestic, consumer-driven economy, unlike some countries where growth is fueled by ex-ports and business-to-business spending. The biggest long term threat to our economy is the hollowing out of the middle class, which is losing its capacity for discretionary spend-ing—responsible for about 70 percent of our gross domestic product. The new overtime rule closes a loophole which has allowed for hourly workers to be deprived of pay by inappropriately classifying them as exempt. Employees are consumers; if they are not earning sufficient wages, demand will remain stagnant. Closing this loophole will help restore consumer spending and give the economy a needed boost. The overtime rule has been under consider-ation for some time and businesses have weighed in through the public comment process. Most businesses are moving forward to meet the December deadline for compli-ance. Congress should not take action to stop the progress the business community is making. Sincerely, B
RYAN MCGANNON , Policy Director. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. B
YRNE ). Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I rise in support of this legislation to require a 6-month delay in the Department of Labor’s new overtime rule. This is an ill-advised regulation that will result in hardworking Americans losing their jobs and less economic growth. Don’t take my word for it. Let’s look at what some actual business leaders and organizations had to say about the change. Richard, a businessman in Bir-mingham, says that he ‘‘will cut back on employee hours as much as possible since raising their compensation is not my option.’’ Ability Alliance of West Alabama, which provides assistance to more than 600 intellectually disabled individuals wrote that ‘‘the untenable financial pressure resulting from the proposed changes would force us into disastrous service reductions and program clo-sures.’’ Greg from Vinemont, Alabama, is much more direct. He writes that he ‘‘will have to lay people off to meet the overtime demands.’’ First Heritage Credit, LLC wrote to the Department of Labor that ‘‘in-creased costs cannot simply be passed on, and the proposed rule will mean fewer branch openings, fewer new hires, and fewer lending options to the com-munities we serve.’’ Our Nation’s education institutions will be hit especially hard by the change. A representative from the Uni-versity of Alabama wrote that ‘‘the proposed regulation puts more pressure on the educational system as a whole. Institutions will either reduce the level of services and programs or will be re-quired to maintain services and pro-grams with inadequate staffing. Re-gardless, the quality of education will suffer.’’ All told, this change will cost the University of Alabama system $17 mil-lion in just the first year. These are just a few stories about the reality of the overtime change. These are real people, real families who will suffer. I think this change should be re-worked altogether, but, if that is not an option, we should at least delay this rule in order to provide relief to these businesses and organizations. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), the co- chair of the Progressive Caucus. Mr. ELLISON. I thank the ranking member for the time and for his advo-cacy for working people. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  two articles which talk about how the overtime rule is likely to add 100,000 jobs to the economy; one from Gold-man Sachs, and the other from the Na-tional Retail Federation. 
[From the National Retail Federation, Sept. 28, 2016] H
OWEXPANDING OVERTIME COULD AFFECT  R
ETAILERS  The Department of Labor has proposed a major change in federal regulations gov-erning overtime pay that could have a sig-nificant impact on the retail industry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.125 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6067 September 28, 2016 
Under current rules, workers making up to $455 a week are automatically entitled to overtime if they work more than 40 hours a week. Managers and professionals who make more can be declared exempt, but only if they meet certain conditions such as having supervision of other workers as their pri-mary duty. Under the proposed changes, the wage threshold would be increased to $970 a week, and the administration is asking whether additional restrictions should be placed on non-supervisory duties managers can perform and still be considered exempt. To better understand the effects of the pro-posal, NRF commissioned the research firm Oxford Economics to conduct a study. While raising the threshold would mandate over-time pay for many workers, the analysis found that most employees would not actu-ally see a change in net pay. Instead, many employees would see their hours reduced so that overtime would not be worked, while others would see their base wages, benefits or bonus pay decreased in order to offset the added payroll expense. The study also found that updating payroll systems, establishing ways to track em-ployee hours and other administrative ex-penses would cost the restaurant and retail industries alone an estimated $745 million even if workers saw no additional take-home pay. (The original study was prepared before the Labor Department proposal was released, and was conducted with projected wage thresholds that might have been proposed. An update has been prepared based on the ac-tual proposal.) 
[From Business Insider.com, Sept. 27, 2016] G
OLDMAN SACHS : NEWOBAMA RULE ON OVER-
TIME LIKELY TOADD100,000 J OBS TO ECON-
OMY (By Lucy Nicholson, REUTERS) A new rule from the Obama administra-tion—which will increase the fraction of workers entitled to time-and-a-half overtime pay—is likely to increase total employment in the US in 2017 by about 100,000 jobs, ac-cording to Goldman Sachs. The idea is this: Companies whose workers are covered by the rule will try to avoid pay-ing overtime, and they’ll hire additional workers to do this. The point is to keep from asking their existing employees to work more than 40 hours a week. The rule change affects salaried ‘‘execu-tive, administrative and professional’’ work-ers, who can currently be exempt from over-time pay if they make as little as $23,660 a year. Following implementation of the rule (ex-pected in December) the overtime exemption will apply only to salaried workers making at least $47,476—making 4.2 million addi-tional Americans eligible for time-and-a- half. Of those, in any given week about 1 million actually work more than 40 hours. There are four ways employers may re-spond to this rule change: Simply making the overtime payments. Reducing employees’ base pay, in an effort to leave their total compensation unchanged after the new overtime payments—though this can be complicated, especially because the employers don’t always know in advance how much overtime each employee will work. Increasing employees’ base pay to exceed the new threshold so they remain exempt from overtime payments. Goldman thinks this is most likely for employees who al-ready earn a salary very close to $47,476. Employing more workers and have them work fewer hours, so they do not run afoul of the 40-hour limit. By examining employer behavior from the last time the overtime threshold was changed, in 2004, Goldman economist Alec Phillips developed a ‘‘central’’ estimate that 100,000 additional jobs will be created in 2017 as employers choose the third option—not a huge amount in an economy creating be-tween 2 and 3 million jobs a year, but not trivial either. It’s important to note that employers who respond to the new overtime pay rule by re-ducing overtime hours will not be ‘‘cheat-ing’’ or skirting the intent of the rule. The point of the rule is to ensure that lower-in-come salaried workers get compensated if they have to work extra hours, allowing those workers to collect their salaries with-out working uncompensated overtime is a meaningful gain for those workers. The new time-and-a-half payments would also increase some workers’ hourly pay, but not for enough workers to show up in the statistics of average hourly earnings, accord-ing to the Goldman analysis—so don’t expect this rule to drive a boost in wages that can be felt at the economy-wide level. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, one won-ders if there could possibly ever have been any small businesses only a few years ago. At its peak, 62 percent of workers were eligible for overtime pay. Today, only 7 percent are eligible. What did they do then? They hired peo-ple. This idea that making it fair for working people who work overtime is somehow going to bring doom and gloom and destruction on small busi-nesses is absolutely nonsense. It is typical. We hear it all the time. Anything we are going to do for work-ing people just can’t possibly be done, or little people themselves will be hurt. This is a constant refrain. If big, big, big agriculture wants something, they say, oh, we are here for the family farm. If big, big banks want something, they say, oh, we are here for the com-munity banks. And if big, big, big businesses want something, and they don’t want to pay their overtime, they say, oh, what about the small businesses. In fact, this bill named for small businesses, folks out there listening should know that the title of this legis-lation is misleading. The legislation delays the rule for all employers, in-cluding small businesses. But here’s the fact. Walmart, are they—do they benefit from the fact that this overtime rule hasn’t kept pace? McDonald’s, Burger King, all types of huge businesses which absolutely have the capacity to pay people fairly sim-ply haven’t done so. It is interesting to me that our Re-publican friends have had the gavels in their hands since 2010 now. They haven’t stepped up to improve and up-date this particular overtime rule. The administration has done what they have failed to do. And now what do they have to say about it? Oh, it can’t possibly happen, can’t possibly work, and it is going to make every-thing worse. How discouraging it must be to an American worker today. This Congress won’t look at increasing the Federal minimum wage of $7.25. And the tip wage of $2.13, a national disgrace, they won’t do that. They don’t take that up. They are constantly attacking the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, which has brought consumers over $12 billion. And they are con-stantly trying to cut taxes for the rich, and they don’t want to invest in any-thing for the working people. Yet, they always justify everything they are doing by saying, oh, it would hurt the working people themselves. This is ridiculous. This argument has no merit. It has to be rejected. Over the past 35 years, we have failed to meaningfully update our overtime pay regulations. Now is the right time. As I said, at its peak, 62 percent of workers were eligible for overtime pay. Today, only 7 percent are eligible be-cause we have let the working people down. We have delayed action to help working families long enough, and we can’t ask them to wait any longer. I urge a very strong ‘‘no.’’ b1915 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. ELLISON. I want to say this. It is about real people. One of those real people is Jodi T. from Minneapolis. She said: 
I work more than 40 hours a week regu-larly, and this will make a great deal of dif-ference for me and my family. Lately, I find that businesses will eliminate positions and put more work on existing staff regardless of whether they can handle it within the time and the workday. If they pay overtime, they will bear some of the real costs of these deci-sions. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. It is a bad thing. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Augusta, Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act. This legislation works to delay implementation of the Department of Labor’s new overtime rule for 6 months. Without this legislation, the rule goes into effect on December 1, leaving employers scrambling to comply with the new rule and jeopardizing employ-ees’ paychecks right before the holiday season—a very bad time. As a small-business owner who has employed thousands of people, I know the challenges that the business com-munity will face: moving salaried em-ployees to hourly; trouble recruiting qualified, new hires to accept an hourly position; current employees’ time being spent monitoring the time clock; and, ultimately, the potential for hours to be cut and paychecks to dwindle. This is devastating to employees who have worked hard to earn a salaried po-sition. They have earned this position 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.062 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6068 September 28, 2016 
to be salaried, and then to move to hourly? Many Americans will soon re-alize they have fewer job prospects, less flexibility in the workplace, and less opportunity to move up the eco-nomic ladder. In other words, those who can least afford it will be hit the hardest: small businesses, nonprofits, and educational institutions. I could stand here before this body, just as Congressman B
YRNE did, and tell you stories of all the small busi-nesses in my district and employees that have come to me to warn me of the struggles other employees and fam-ilies will face because of this overtime rule. The President is enacting this rule a mere month before he is out of office to try and score cheap political points when he knows he won’t be here to clean up the mess. I have to say: I am ashamed, Mr. President. We need to take a step back and hit the pause but-ton. Unsurprisingly, the administration has no plans to change the rule, so an extra 6-month grace period is crucial to the well-being of our schools, small businesses, and nonprofits. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to respond. Mr. Speaker, I want to remind people that, of the people affected and the people that routinely work overtime, complying with the rule will add less than one-tenth of 1 percent to U.S. payrolls. The costs to nonprofits and to higher education, way under 1 percent. And the time has been sufficient. The last time this rule was changed, they got significantly less time to comply, and that rule was even more complex than this one. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ), my friend and colleague on the committee. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, as we look at this bill, what is it about? It is saying that you have got to pay over-time to somebody who is making more than $47,000 a year. What will that mean? It will mean that employers will say: You had better get out of here; we can’t have you working more than 40 hours a week. That is what is going to happen. I am reminded of a buddy of mine back home in my district. His daughter had a new job working for salary. He told her: Always make sure you are the first person to show up in the morning and the last person to go home at night, and you will advance in that company. She was the first person to show up in the morning and the last person to go home at night, and she is having a very successful career by doing so. What this bill does is it is kind of an odd thing. It makes it against the law to work hard. Think about that gal now. Now she won’t be able to be the first person to show up in the morning and the last person to go home at night because her boss is going to say: Get out of here. It is part of a pattern we are, sadly, seeing from this administration of dis-couraging hard work. Just like ObamaCare, if you work more hours, then you wind up losing your ObamaCare subsidy. You had better not work hard. There is a plethora of welfare programs around here. I don’t care if it is the earned income tax cred-it, food stamps, low-income housing, whatever; if you work hard, then you will lose your subsidy. We are doing all we can in this country to penalize the hardworking. Furthermore, think just on a day-to- day basis what it means to you as an employee who has worked for salary. Let’s say you have to work on a project. It gets near 5 o’clock, and you are not satisfied with your work prod-uct. What are you supposed to do? Turn in a bad work product to your boss, or hang around another hour and do a good job? This, in essence, removes the choice from you: I have got to turn in a bad work product because my boss is going to kick me out of here at the end of 8 hours. So my final plea is this. Come, Re-publicans; come, Democrats, race to the Chamber and vote for the bill, H.R. 6094, and stand up for the hardworking of our society. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for his advocacy on behalf of all working families in this country—not just today, but throughout his entire ca-reer. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this bill and in support of the updated overtime rule that will combat the exploitation of workers across America and put more money in their pockets. In 1938, Congress came together to pass the Fair Labor Standards Act, a bill that revolutionized opportunity for Americans by ensuring they were fairly compensated for their work and they would work in safe working conditions. One of the provisions in that piece of legislation was the creation of a 40- hour workweek. In addition, this legis-lation required employers to com-pensate employees at time and a half for hours worked beyond a 40-hour workweek. It was a compromise. They went on to say that there is an exemption for protection of those workers who were considered white- collar employees. As a result of their salary, their benefits, and their high level of work within an organization, they were exempt. Unfortunately, the wage level which determines who is exempt from these worker protections has been updated only once—only once—in the last 40 years. That is where the problem lies. The last time it was updated was in 2004, under Republican President Bush—a Republican President. Today, the threshold wherein an em-ployee is exempt is $23,660. What this means is somebody making $24,000 a year is routinely required to work 45, 55, 65 hours a week with not just com-pensation for the overtime, but they are not needed to be paid at all because they are considered exempt employees. In other words, a family of four could be living under the poverty line and still be considered to earn too much money to be considered for overtime protections. Mr. Speaker, I support these rules be-cause I know, when American families succeed, our country as a whole suc-ceeds, including the entire business community. This is a partnership working together. This rule simply means updating our laws surrounding worker exploitation by simply adjust-ing that floor to keep up with infla-tion. This is not a Democratic or a Repub-lican bill. This is a worker and business bill. Twelve years before the success of the Fair Labor Standards Act, Henry Ford created the 40-hour workweek. Mr. Speaker, 117 years ago, Peter J. Maguire, the founder of Labor Day, went on to talk about just creating a 6- day workweek. This is very simple. The experiment with a $5 minimum wage, which today would be $15 an hour with inflation re-alized, Ford realized that, when his workers could afford to buy the cars they were making and to drive them, his business, his employees, and the economy would do better. Mr. Speaker, American workers have waited long enough to get a fair day’s day for a fair day’s work that they cer-tainly deserve. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to op-pose this bill. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER .) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act, a bill I am proud to cosponsor. This important bill would provide a measure of relief not only for the thou-sands of small businesses and chari-table institutions that would be nega-tively impacted by the Department of Labor’s overtime rule, but also the countless workers who depend on entry- and mid-level employment op-portunities. This rule hurt everyday Americans, raising the cost of living while reduc-ing wages and incomes. Many of the in-dividuals affected by this rule will be forced into part-time employment or be transitioned to jobs with lower hourly wages, no benefits, and no over-time at all. I have heard from a number of people in my district concerned about the im-pacts this onerous rule will have for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.128 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6069 September 28, 2016 
them. A bank in my district will have to transition 13 of their salaried tellers on staff to hourly wage workers in order to assume the $129,000 in compli-ance costs they anticipate from this rule. Schools have expressed concerns that they will be forced to cut staff and limit the educational services of extra-curricular activities they provide for our students. I have heard from faith-based and charitable institutions, too. These in-stitutions often operate with fixed op-erating budgets and serve the most vul-nerable in our society, yet this rule will impose similar financial and staff-ing burdens on them. A senior care group in my district, for example, has told me this rule will likely lead to a reduction in hiring, meaning fewer sen-iors will be able to get care. Mr. Speaker, for the countless fami-lies, small businesses, and commu-nities that I serve, I urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of this bill and delay this onerous rule. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), a good friend, who has a special take on this. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6094, the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Non-profits Act. We are at a crossroads in our country as we are still struggling to build up our economy after the last recession. Since then, businessowners have strug-gled to not only grow their companies, but also to provide for their employees. As a small-business owner, I had both the company’s and my employees’ best interest in mind, as my employees were like a second family to me. I would have wanted nothing more than to en-sure they are getting what they need and that they are fully compensated for all of their work. But this rule doesn’t do that. On the surface, this administration is painting this rule as a step forward for American workers, but it is not. Every-one from universities to nonprofits will feel the weight of this rule as they seek to rearrange schedules and reclassify employees so as to prevent compounding negative effects on their organizations. Universities and colleges will see a sharp jump in payrolls as they have to grapple with how to manage their ex-isting personnel while trying to keep their institution on an upward trajec-tory. Tuitions will increase. Nonprofit organizations will have to reclassify workers as their annual budgets are stretched to the brink, resulting in a drop in services to the people who need it most. The Department of Labor spent the last 27 months working on this rule. Since its implementation, they have given businesses a 6-month window to implement it. I have heard from countless compa-nies, nonprofits, universities, and chambers of commerce who are ex-tremely worried about the impact this will have on their operations. While this rule was intended to ensure em-ployees see an increase in benefits, it will have the direct opposite effect. This bill would delay the rule for 6 months to allow for a longer look at its effects. It gives Congress more time to find a legislative solution. Mr. Speak-er, I have always wanted the best for my employees, and this rule simply doesn’t do that. I applaud Congressman WALBERG , Chairman K
LINE, and the Education and the Workforce Committee staff for their hard work in pulling this to-gether. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the 40-hour workweek used to mean something. It was in-stalled many years ago so that people wouldn’t have to work 6 and 7 days a week, 10 or more hours a day. They could work 5 days a week, 8 hours, and have an opportunity to go home. Now the 40-hour workweek only applies to 7 percent of salaried workers, and they can be forced to work 45, 50, 60 hours, with no additional pay. We have heard the impact on univer-sities. I think the gentleman from Ala-bama said that it would cost the Ala-bama system $17 million. Well, their budget is $2.4 billion; $24 million would be 1 percent. b1930 If his number is right—$17 million— that is still way under 1 percent of their expenditures. But there are a lot of ways to comply with this rule with-out any cost at all. You can let people go home after 40 hours, or you can hon-estly restate their salary. If it is $30,000 and a lot of overtime, call it $20,000 and they have got to make $10,000 over-time. They will get the same amount at the end of the year at no cost to the employer, but an honest way to assess the salary. It wouldn’t cost anything. So there are ways of complying with this honestly that make the 40-hour workweek mean something. The new rule only covers about a third of the salaried workers. It is a good rule. It should not be delayed. In fact, it is not being delayed. This is the first step in trying to defeat the rule. This bill should be defeated. Let the people get their salaries on December 1. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I want to remind my col-leagues why this legislation is so im-portant. We all agree our Nation’s overtime rules need to be modernized and worker protection should be strengthened. That is not what we are debating today. Small businesses, nonprofits, and col-leges and universities play a critical role in our communities. Right now, they are struggling to implement a fundamentally flawed rule under an un-realistic deadline, and many don’t even know about the rule yet. At the very least, they deserve more time. More time would allow small businesses, nonprofits, and colleges and univer-sities to make significant changes and mitigate the impact on workers, stu-dents, and individuals in need—for the positive, for the good. I urge my colleagues to provide that time, even if they stand by the Depart-ment’s overtime rule. A vote in support of the Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act isn’t just commonsense; it is the right thing to do. Mr. Speaker, this is what we are in-tending to do. We are intending to do the best for our citizens, our employ-ees, and our employers. Shouldn’t it be worth an additional 24 weeks to make sure that this is implemented to the positive? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 897, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 5578. An act to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a concurrent resolu-tion of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. Con. Res. 53. Concurrent Resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.129 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6070 September 28, 2016 
Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 33 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2030 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 8 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE BILL H.R. 5325, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–800) on the resolution (H. Res. 901) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE BILL H.R. 5325, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 901 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 901 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with the Senate amend-ment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Com-mittee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amend-ment. The Senate amendment and the mo-tion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, earlier today, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325, the Continuing Appropriations and Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Pre-paredness Act. The rule makes in order a motion of-fered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325, with 60 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Committee on Appro-priations. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Ap-propriations Committee, I am always disappointed when we are forced to consider continuing resolutions, espe-cially given the work this House has done in the appropriations process this fiscal year. For 2 years in a row, the House Ap-propriations Committee was able to complete all 12 appropriations bills— and complete them before the August recess. In addition, this House passed five appropriations bills. Unfortu-nately, just as in years past, Senate Democrats prevented consideration of many appropriations bills on the floor of that body. This leads us to the un-fortunate situation of having to put forward a short-term CR to fund the government through December 9. I hope that in the weeks and months ahead, the House, Senate, and the President can come to an agreement on a path forward which ensures we are not in this same position in December. At the same time, I am pleased that this amendment also includes a fully conferenced MILCON-VA bill. The MILCON-VA portion provides a 4 per-cent increase for the VA, additional re-sources to address the disability claims backlog, and contains a number of im-portant oversight provisions to make certain our veterans receive the care that they deserve. The military construction portion provides $7.9 billion for military family housing, Guard and Reserve facilities, and military bases both in the United States and around the world. This en-sures that we can sustain quality hous-ing for 1.3 million military families. In addition, the MILCON-VA bill maintains a provision which prohibits the closure of Guantanamo Bay and the construction of any facilities to house detainees in the United States or its territories. Importantly, Mr. Speaker, this amendment also provides a total of $1.1 billion to fight Zika and offsets $400 million of this spending. While I would have preferred offsetting the entire amount—and have supported legisla-tion to do just that—I believe this is a reasonable compromise with both the Senate and the administration, both of whom initially proposed no offsets at all. When combined with funds already preprogramed by the administration for Zika response activities, the total available resources to respond to Zika equals $1.7 billion. This legislation pro-vides the necessary funds for the Cen-ters for Disease Control, the National Institutes of Health, the State Depart-ment, and USAID to develop vaccines and diagnostic tests for mosquito con-trol and, in addition, provides healthcare resources to those areas ex-periencing the highest rates of Zika transmission, all while maintaining the Hyde amendment restrictions bar-ring the use of taxpayer dollars for abortion services. I am encouraged by the hard work of Chairman ROGERS , Ranking Member L
OWEY , and, of course, the Speaker, whose leadership has made all of this possible. While a CR is not the ideal ve-hicle, the alternative of a government shutdown is not what we have been sent here to Washington to do. Additionally, I am encouraged that we are finally returning to regular order and passing full-year appropria-tions measures by the end of the fiscal year. This is the first time since fiscal year 2006, when we passed two bills by the end of the fiscal year, that we have passed any individual appropriations bills through both Chambers of the United States Congress by the Sep-tember 30 deadline. While we have a long way to go, this is a good first step that we can hopefully build upon next year. I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank my colleague, the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the deadline for keeping the government running has been star-ing us all in the face for months. Yet, the majority is using martial law rule to rush the continuing resolution to the floor just 2 days before the week-end deadline. I wish we had spent the last 4 weeks properly debating the bill under regular order. Mr. Speaker, I am relieved that a reasonable compromise was reached on a bipartisan amendment to the Water Resources Development Act that will authorize funding for the people of Flint, Michigan, who have been forced to drink and bathe in poisoned water for years. As the only microbiologist in Congress, I can detail the many ways that this is a major public health fail-ure. The children that have been im-pacted could suffer everything from neurodevelopmental damage to behav-ioral changes to anemia to hyper-tension. These are lifelong impacts, Mr. Speaker, along with a statistically higher risk of incarceration. This compromise is a positive step forward, but there is much more work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.132 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6071 September 28, 2016 
to do at all levels of the government to get the resources needed to help the people of Flint and the United States. Thankfully, Mr. Speaker, the bill fi-nally provides the resources to tackle the Zika virus more than 7 months after President Obama submitted his funding request to Congress to combat the spread of the virus and accelerate research into finding a vaccine. I am disappointed that this continues a poison pill that would prevent the Se-curities and Exchange Commission from moving forward with a rule re-quiring publicly traded companies to disclose their political spending. This is so important. I think the fact that spending is out of control, money comes in from everywhere and we don’t know how much, where it goes, and it is not a good thing for a democracy. I think it is nothing more than an at-tempt to hide from the American peo-ple the identities of the big corporate donors and probably people from all over the world who are sending money in here in hidden ways to affect our campaigns. If sunlight is the best disinfectant, then we certainly should have spread some sunlight on the SEC to be able to do what we had asked them to do. We are very concerned that electoral spending is increasingly being con-ducted in the dark. It is also disappointing that, despite overwhelming bipartisan, bicameral support, the continuing resolution fails to ensure that the Export-Import Bank is able to fully help businesses and workers across the country by restor-ing a board quorum to the bank. This continuing resolution is going to avert a crisis in the short term, but it is a clear demonstration of the fail-ure of the majority to do the most basic job: fund the government. The majority has been so preoccupied with holding more than 60 votes to re-peal the Affordable Care Act and inves-tigating nonexistent scandals involving Planned Parenthood that they have al-lowed the body to lurch from crisis to crisis instead of enacting long-term ap-propriations. All the while, our infra-structure is crumbling and the cost of college education and college loans and the interest on them, which is crip-pling, is skyrocketing. Mr. Speaker, CBS News has high-lighted that it costs the taxpayers an estimated $24 million a week to run the House of Representatives. It is abun-dantly clear that, under this leader-ship, taxpayers aren’t getting their money’s worth. Nonetheless, I am pleased to be here to be part of passing this tonight to prevent the awful crisis of a shutdown, and I think we have all learned lessons there. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by con-gratulating my friend and thanking her. I know she is committed to the re-sumption of regular order, and she has worked that way tirelessly. That is a goal that we share with our friends on the other side of the aisle. I think it is worth pointing out that you can’t have regular order in the House if you don’t have regular order in the Senate. The real reason we are here is because the Senate has refused consistently to take up appropriations bills that have been passed by this House. At some point, you simply quit pass-ing the bills because the Senate isn’t going to deal with you. Once we finally have a Senate that will work in regular order—and I hope we do at the begin-ning of next January—perhaps we can overcome this and get back to the sys-tem that I know my friend from New York and I want to see on this floor: passing each individual appropriations bill, doing so in a way that Members can participate, conferences with our friends in the Senate, and then moving forward. As to Zika, I think it is worth point-ing out that nothing has not been done for lack of money. The reality is, when the administration made its initial re-quest for Zika funds, they immediately received a letter from Chairman R
OG-
ERS, from Subcommittee Chairman G
RANGER on State-Foreign Operations, and from myself, saying: Look, we know this is an emergency. We agree with you. You have billions of dollars of funds. Start spending that money—a bowl of money, so-called—and we will replace that money. Frankly, they have done that, to their credit. They set aside $600 mil-lion, not all of which has been spent, but that was the responsible thing to do, as Congress studied and look at this problem. Chairman R
OGERS actually led a codel that went to Brazil, Peru, and some of the areas that have suffered from this disease, and we have contin-ued to work. We have twice put on this floor hundreds of millions of dollars for Zika response that our friends on the other side didn’t see fit to vote for. Zika didn’t get funded because, frankly, our friends just simply didn’t want to pay for it. That has actually been the essence of the dispute, in my opinion. It has not been about Zika. It has been about whether or not you pay for Zika. The original request from the admin-istration was for $1.9 billion over a 2- year period to come out of State-For-eign Operations and Labor-HHS, two committees that, in that same period, have $425 billion to spend. It is not hard to pay for $1.9 billion out of $425 billion. Still, at the end of the day, my friend is absolutely correct: we are here. We have not failed to do anything, but we do need to provide a framework to go forward with guaranteed continuity. I am pleased and proud this does that. Frankly, we reserve the option next fiscal year to look at actually covering other parts of the unfunded spending on Zika. b2045 In terms of the Export-Import Bank, I am going to agree with my friend. I don’t know that this was the appro-priate vehicle, but I think the point she makes is exactly right. We need to restore this particular institution to full functioning. That has been a mat-ter of some partisan debate, but, actu-ally, I agree with my friends. I support the Export-Import Bank, and I think we need to re-establish it. And if we could have done it in this bill, that would have been fine with me. But I trust the people that nego-tiated the final product, and they did try to remove a lot of issues that were controversial and divisive so that, hopefully, we could get a substantial majority of both parties to vote for continuing the government. I want to end by saying that, again, I want to invite our friends in the Sen-ate to participate in regular order. In some ways they have done that. I want to give them credit for last year and this year passing all 12 appropriations bills at least through the full com-mittee level. But it was a decision by their leader-ship not to allow those bills to come to the floor that actually gummed up the works. It is not anything that was done in the House. Indeed, we didn’t give up on that process until it became abun-dantly clear that the Senate wasn’t going to move. We are now, however, at the last mo-ment. My friend is correct in that. I am pleased that we have negotiated to-gether in good faith, frankly, within this body, across the rotunda with the other body, and with the administra-tion, to arrive at something that will get us through the election and give us the time when we return from the elec-tion to sit down. In that period of time, I want to com-mit to my friend that I will be looking forward to working with her and her colleagues to make sure we fully finish the appropriations process. There are some in this body that don’t want to do that. They want to simply CR or do a continuing resolu-tion to some point in the future next year, dumping off the work of this Con-gress and this administration on the next administration and the next Con-gress. That would be a big mistake, in my opinion. I know my friend feels exactly the same way, so I commit to her, I will do everything I can on my side of the aisle—I know she will on her side—to make sure that we continue the full ap-propriations process, and we make sure fiscal year 2017 is funded. The new administration, when it shows up, is going to have a lot to do, whoever that person is. They are going to have to advance their agenda. They are going to have to name the Cabinet members. They are going to have to get them confirmed. They are going to have to write a budget for FY18 by the middle of February. We will have a debt ceiling crisis in March, and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.134 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6072 September 28, 2016 
will have, frankly, the sequester to deal with which, like Halley’s Comet, will return on schedule on time. That is plenty for a new President and a new Congress to do. I would hope we do our job in the so- called lameduck session and make sure that they don’t have the additional task of picking up and doing the work that this Congress and this President should have done on their own. So my friend is right on that point. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the House of Represent-atives has been in session for the last 4 weeks, more than enough time to prop-erly debate the continuing resolution under regular order. But, instead, we have taken up a lot of one-House bills that will never become law. Mr. Speaker, you can’t run the United States Government in 3-month tranches. The majority should get back to focusing on the issues the American people care about, like repairing our roads and bridges and bringing down the cost of college education. Also, let’s end the brinksmanship that my colleague spoke of—and I ac-cept his offer to work and look forward to working with him—and the tem-porary stopgap measures and the threats of a government shutdown al-ways hanging over us by getting back to enacting long-term appropriations. That is something that I would be happy to join him in because, frankly, what we have done now is no way to run our government. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I want to begin by thanking my good friend for her debate and her coopera-tion and her hard work in this exercise that has been genuinely valuable and significant. And I want to agree with her basic point. We need to do our business. I wish it would have all been done by this point. It has extended into the pe-riod after the election, but that is a place that I hope we finish our busi-ness. I know my friend will be working to that end; certainly, I will as well. Mr. Speaker, passage of this legisla-tion is critical to prevent a govern-ment shutdown, to provide the nec-essary funds to address the Zika virus, and to demonstrate to the American people that Congress can actually gov-ern. While I would have much preferred considering 12 individual appropria-tions bills, I am encouraged that at least one fully conferenced bill is in-cluded in the legislation before us today. So I want to urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid upon the table. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 5325, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ken-tucky? There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 901, I call up the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ment. Senate amendment: Strike all after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu thereof: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Ap-propriations and Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Pre-paredness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Statement of appropriations. Sec. 5. Availability of funds. Sec. 6. Explanatory statement. DIVISION A—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Title I—Department of Defense Title II—Department of Veterans Affairs Title III—Related agencies Title IV—Overseas contingency operations Title V—General provisions DIVISION B—ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS Title I—Department of Health and Human Serv-ices Title II—Department of State Title III—General Provisions—This Division DIVISION C—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 DIVISION D—RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any divi-sion of this Act shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The following sums in this Act are appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017. 
SEC. 5. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS. 
Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. SEC. 6. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT. 
(a) The explanatory statement regarding this Act, printed in the Senate section of the Con-gressional Record on or about September 22, 2016, by the Chairman of the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate, shall have the same effect with respect to the allocation of funds and implementation of divisions A through D of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory state-ment of a committee of conference. (b) Any reference to the ‘‘joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act’’ contained in division A of this Act shall be considered to be a reference to the explanatory statement de-scribed in subsection (a). DIVISION A—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently author-ized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $513,459,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $98,159,000 shall be avail-able for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as cur-rently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the pur-poses of this appropriation, $1,021,580,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro-vided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $88,230,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer serv-ices, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Air Force as currently au-thorized by law, $1,491,058,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That of this amount, not to exceed $143,582,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force deter-mines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Pro-vided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be for con-struction of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Com-plex Consolidation, Phase 3, at Royal Air Force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.136 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6073 September 28, 2016 
Croughton, United Kingdom, unless authorized in an Act authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military construction. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, installations, facilities, and real prop-erty for activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as currently authorized by law, $2,025,444,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That of the amount appro-priated, not to exceed $180,775,000 shall be avail-able for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of Defense determines that ad-ditional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of the deter-mination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Na-tional Guard, and contributions therefor, as au-thorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Author-ization Acts, $232,930,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $8,729,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Director of the Army Na-tional Guard determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL GUARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as author-ized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $143,957,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $10,462,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Re-serve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $68,230,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $7,500,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve com-ponents of the Navy and Marine Corps as au-thorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Author-ization Acts, $38,597,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $3,783,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Re-serve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $188,950,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $4,500,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. N
ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program for the acquisition and con-struction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective de-fense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as au-thorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $177,932,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $240,237,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisition, replace-ment, addition, expansion, extension, and alter-ation, as authorized by law, $157,172,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , A
RMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $325,995,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $94,011,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , N
AVY AND MARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and mainte-nance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $300,915,000. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $61,352,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , A
IRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, prin-cipal and interest charges, and insurance pre-miums, as authorized by law, $274,429,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , D
EFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the activi-ties and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for oper-ation and maintenance, leasing, and minor con-struction, as authorized by law, $59,157,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Hous-ing Improvement Fund, $3,258,000, to remain available until expended, for family housing ini-tiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alter-native means of acquiring and improving mili-tary family housing and supporting facilities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be per-formed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of pas-senger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the na-tional defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which spe-cific appropriations have not been made. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 percent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engi-neers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Com-mand, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Federal court; (2) purchases nego-tiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the Attorney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utili-ties for any family housing, except housing for which funds have been made available in an-nual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notifi-cation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activity for which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the oppor-tunity to compete for such steel procurement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6074 September 28, 2016 
SEC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new installa-tion overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and en-gineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation member country, or in countries bor-dering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bor-dering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to ex-ceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to con-tract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States con-tractor exceeds the lowest responsive and re-sponsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this sec-tion shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is sub-mitted by a Marshallese contractor. S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Committees on Ap-propriations, of plans and scope of any pro-posed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construction, either tem-porary or permanent, are anticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction authorized for each such military department by the au-thorizations enacted into law during the current session of Congress. S
EC. 115. For military construction or family housing projects that are being completed with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated supervision, inspection, over-head, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construc-tion of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obli-gated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount ap-propriated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pur-suant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an elec-tronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the Department of Defense Family Hous-ing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction of military unaccompanied housing in ‘‘Military Construction’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund: Provided, That appropria-tions made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guarantees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provi-sions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military fam-ily housing, military unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of Defense, amounts may be transferred from the Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Dem-onstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Homeowners Assistance Pro-gram incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which trans-ferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title for op-eration and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all family housing units, in-cluding general or flag officer quarters: Pro-vided, That not more than $35,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and re-pair of any general or flag officer quarters with-out 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be sub-mitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller) is to report annually to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quarters for the prior fiscal year. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Is-land Improvement Account established by sub-section (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the purposes speci-fied in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to subsection (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the Depart-ment of Defense for military construction and family housing operation and maintenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making authorized adjustments to such ap-propriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobligated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, De-fense’’, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. S
EC. 122. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Army to re-locate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employees of the Department of the Army and Army con-tractor personnel employed exceeds 10 percent of the total number of members of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) EXCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regu-lation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. S
EC. 123. Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in ac-cordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military construction and family housing con-struction contained in Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Volume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for plan-ning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. S
EC. 125. For an additional amount for the ac-counts and in the amounts specified, to remain available until September 30, 2021: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $40,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $227,099,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $149,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $67,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $11,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $30,000,000: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identi-fied in the respective military department’s un-funded priority list for fiscal year 2017 submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense: Pro-vided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expendi-ture of funds to carry out construction: Pro-vided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned, or his or her des-ignee, shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress an expend-iture plan for funds provided under this section. S
EC. 126. For an additional amount for ‘‘Mili-tary Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $89,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, such funds may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified by the Department of the Navy in its June 8, 2016, unfunded priority list submission to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing unfunded re-programming and emergency construction re-quirements: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Committees an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 127. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $29,602,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $51,460,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $171,600,000, of which $30,000,000 are to be de-rived from amounts made available for Missile Defense Agency planning and design; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6075 September 28, 2016 
‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program’’, $30,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 128. Of the unobligated balances made available in prior appropriation Acts for the fund established in section 1013(d) of the Dem-onstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) (other than appro-priations designated by law as being for contin-gency operations directly related to the global war on terrorism or as an emergency require-ment), $25,000,000 are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 129. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 130. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 131. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relocate any ele-ment of a United States Air Force Rapid Engi-neer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment re-quired to consolidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detailing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) cer-tifies in writing to the Committees that the pre-ferred site for the consolidation or relocation yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or posses-sion of the United States. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chap-ters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers’ retirement pay, adjusted- service credits and certificates, payment of pre-miums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as au-thorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $90,119,449,000, to remain available until expended and to become avail-able on October 1, 2017: Provided, That not to exceed $17,224,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2018 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘Infor-mation Technology Systems’’ for necessary ex-penses in implementing the provisions of chap-ters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically pro-vided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ ap-propriation: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and rehabili-tation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as au-thorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $13,708,648,000, to remain available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2017: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the Sec-retary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and vet-erans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $124,504,000, to remain available until expended, of which $107,899,000 shall become available on October 1, 2017. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, includ-ing the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, dur-ing fiscal year 2017, within the resources avail-able, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan pro-grams, $198,856,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $36,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,517,000. In addition, for administrative expenses nec-essary to carry out the direct loan program, $389,000, which may be paid to the appropria-tion for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Vet-erans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,856,160,000: Provided, That expenses for serv-ices and assistance authorized under para-graphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum ex-tent feasible, to become employable and to ob-tain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily living, shall be charged to this account: Provided fur-ther, That, of the funds made available under this heading, not to exceed 5 percent shall re-main available until September 30, 2018. VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as au-thorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bio-engineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support serv-ices for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan re-payments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), and hospital care and med-ical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $1,078,993,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appro-priated under this heading that become avail-able on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $44,886,554,000, plus reimbursements, shall be-come available on October 1, 2017, and shall re-main available until September 30, 2018: Pro-vided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That, not-withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for veterans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall give priority funding for the provi-sion of basic medical benefits to veterans in en-rollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration fa-cilities to enrolled veterans with privately writ-ten prescriptions based on requirements estab-lished by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts ap-propriated under this heading for medical sup-plies and equipment are available for the acqui-sition of prosthetics designed specifically for fe-male veterans: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall provide access to therapeutic listening devices to veterans struggling with mental health related problems, substance abuse, or traumatic brain injury. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Department facilities, $7,246,181,000, plus reimbursements, of which $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and, in addition, $9,409,118,000 shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, $1,500,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6076 September 28, 2016 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domi-ciliary, construction, supply, and research ac-tivities, as authorized by law; administrative ex-penses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $6,654,480,000, plus reim-bursements, shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facili-ties of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property ac-quisition and disposition, construction, and ren-ovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, en-gineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, ei-ther by contract or by the hire of temporary em-ployees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services; $247,668,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $5,434,880,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out pro-grams of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $675,366,000, plus reim-bursements, shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic research specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure re-search. N
ATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Ceme-tery Administration for operations and mainte-nance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial ex-penses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial op-erations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $286,193,000, of which not to ex-ceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise pro-vided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimburse-ment of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $345,391,000, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’. BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $156,096,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information tech-nology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,278,259,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,272,548,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed $37,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That $2,534,442,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to ex-ceed $180,200,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That $471,269,000 shall be for information technology systems development, modernization, and en-hancement, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That amounts made available for information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each develop-ment project: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and expenses, oper-ations and maintenance, and information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ account for development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or de-creased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Pro-vided further, That funds under this heading may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoperability: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available for infor-mation technology systems development, mod-ernization, and enhancement for VistA Evo-lution or any successor program, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs: (1) submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the VistA Evo-lution Business Case and supporting documents regarding continuation of VistA Evolution or al-ternatives to VistA Evolution, including an analysis of necessary or desired capabilities, technical and security requirements, the plan for modernizing the platform framework, and all associated costs; (2) submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, and such Com-mittees approve, the following: a report that de-scribes a strategic plan for VistA Evolution, or any successor program, and the associated im-plementation plan including metrics and timelines; a master schedule and lifecycle cost estimate for VistA Evolution or any successor; and an implementation plan for the transition from the Project Management Accountability System to a new project delivery framework, the Veteran-focused Integration Process, that in-cludes the methodology by which projects will be tracked, progress measured, and deliverables evaluated; (3) submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress a report out-lining the strategic plan to reach interoper-ability with private sector healthcare providers, the timeline for reaching ‘‘meaningful use’’ as defined by the Office of National Coordinator for Health Information Technology for each data domain covered under the VistA Evolution program, and the extent to which the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs leverages the State Health Information Exchanges to share health data with private sector providers; (4) submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, and such Com-mittees approve, the following: a report that de-scribes the extent to which VistA Evolution, or any successor program, maximizes the use of commercially available software used by DoD and the private sector, requires an open archi-tecture that leverages best practices and rapidly adapts to technologies produced by the private sector, enhances full interoperability between the VA and DoD and between VA and the pri-vate sector, and ensures the security of person-ally identifiable information of veterans and beneficiaries; and (5) certifies in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress that the Department of Veterans Affairs has met the requirements contained in the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) which require that electronic health record systems of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs have reached interoperability, comply with national standards and architectural requirements iden-tified by the DoD/VA Interagency Program Of-fice in collaboration with the Office of National Coordinator for Health Information Technology: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for information technology systems development, modernization, and en-hancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information tech-nology, in carrying out the provisions of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $160,106,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and im-proving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architectural and engineering serv-ices, construction management services, mainte-nance or guarantee period services costs associ-ated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, where the estimated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a previous major project ap-propriation, $528,110,000, of which $478,110,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021, and of which $50,000,000 shall remain available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6077 September 28, 2016 
until expended: Provided, That except for ad-vance planning activities, including needs as-sessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset manage-ment related activities, including portfolio devel-opment and management activities, and invest-ment strategy studies funded through the ad-vance planning fund and the planning and de-sign activities funded through the design fund, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting officers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the purchase, security, and maintenance of land for the Na-tional Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budgetary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint resolution, or in the explanatory statement accompanying such Act and pre-sented to the President at the time of enroll-ment: Provided further, That funds made avail-able under this heading for fiscal year 2017, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents con-tract by September 30, 2017; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any ap-proved major construction project for which ob-ligations are not incurred within the time limi-tations established above: Provided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $222,620,000 for Veterans Health Ad-ministration major construction projects shall not be available until the Department of Vet-erans Affairs— (1) enters into an agreement with an appro-priate non-Department of Veterans Affairs Fed-eral entity to serve as the design and/or con-struction agent for any Veterans Health Admin-istration major construction project with a Total Estimated Cost of $100,000,000 or above by pro-viding full project management services, includ-ing management of the project design, acquisi-tion, construction, and contract changes, con-sistent with section 502 of Public Law 114–58; and (2) certifies in writing that such an agreement is executed and intended to minimize or prevent subsequent major construction project cost over-runs and provides a copy of the agreement en-tered into and any required supplementary in-formation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and im-proving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital investments, architectural and engineering services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site ac-quisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $372,069,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, along with unobligated balances of pre-vious ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ appro-priations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the juris-diction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or damage caused by any natural disaster or catastrophe; and (2) temporary measures necessary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE EXTENDED  
CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or con-struct State nursing home and domiciliary fa-cilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facili-ties in State homes, for furnishing care to vet-erans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal organi-zations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Read-justment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as nec-essary to any other of the mentioned appropria-tions: Provided, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Med-ical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Med-ical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any trans-fers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to noti-fication from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Med-ical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 per-cent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress the au-thority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor ve-hicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title (ex-cept the appropriations for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. S
EC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. SEC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjust-ment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be re-corded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2016. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obligations of corresponding prior year appropriations ac-counts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund ac-counts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Com-pensation and Pensions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2017, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Serv-ice Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Spe-cial Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reim-burse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Vet-erans Benefits Administration’’ and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs fi-nanced through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the sur-plus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2017 that are avail-able for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined re-serves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of administration of such an in-surance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reim-bursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine the cost of admin-istration for fiscal year 2017 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that in-surance program. S
EC. 209. Amounts deducted from enhanced- use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that account during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obligated during the fiscal year in which the proceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication under section 319 of title 38, United States Code, for all services provided at rates which will recover ac-tual costs but not to exceed $47,668,000 for the Office of Resolution Management and $3,932,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication: Provided, That pay-ments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. S
EC. 211. No funds of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs shall be available for hospital 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6078 September 28, 2016 
care, nursing home care, or medical services pro-vided to any person under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third- party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the rea-sonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or services pro-vided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, proceeds or revenues derived from en-hanced-use leasing activities (including dis-posal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisition and disposition), al-terations, and improvements of any medical fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’. S
EC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, sup-plies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and bur-ials for beneficiaries receiving care in the De-partment. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to re-main available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organizations which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to pro-vide healthcare, including behavioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating vet-erans and facilities to comply with all appro-priate rules and regulations, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construc-tion, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain avail-able until expended for the purposes of these ac-counts. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 217. Of the amounts appropriated in title II of division J of Public Law 114–113 under the heading ‘‘Medical Services’’ which become available on October 1, 2016, $7,246,181,000 are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 218. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Pro-vided, That, at a minimum, the report shall in-clude the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quarterly reporting’’, under the head-ing ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint ex-planatory statement accompanying this Act. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 219. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cem-etery Administration’’ accounts for fiscal year 2017 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Infor-mation Technology Systems’’ account: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘In-formation Technology Systems’’ account: Pro-vided further, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall re-quest from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 220. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Af-fairs may be used in a manner that is incon-sistent with: (1) section 842 of the Transpor-tation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 221. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Commu-nity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, up to $274,731,000, plus reimburse-ments, may be transferred to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as com-bined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 223 of title II of division J of Public Law 114–113 is repealed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 222. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2017, for ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’, up to $280,802,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That addi-tional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 223. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for oper-ations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 224. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by sec-tion 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to re-main available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 225. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Integrated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes moni-toring supplies and equipment. S
EC. 226. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less: Pro-vided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract identifying the pro-grammed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obligation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such sav-ings. S
EC. 227. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data pro-vided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 228. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a quar-terly report containing performance measures and data from each Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration Regional Office: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims backlog’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’ in the joint explanatory statement ac-companying this Act. S
EC. 229. Of the funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ a maximum of $40,000,000 may be obligated from the ‘‘Med-ical Support and Compliance’’ account for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects: Provided, That funds in addition to these amounts may be obligated for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects upon written no-tification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6079 September 28, 2016 
SEC. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full- time equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. S
EC. 231. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national out-reach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 232. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discretionary appropria-tions made available for fiscal year 2017 in this title (except appropriations made to the ‘‘Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration’’ account) or any discretionary un-obligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2017, that were provided in ad-vance by appropriations Acts: Provided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Pro-vided further, That the transfer authority pro-vided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such author-ity to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare re-quirements, than those for which originally ap-propriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Pro-vided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall re-quest from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that re-quest. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 233. Amounts made available for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. S
EC. 234. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 235. Of the unobligated balances avail-able within the ‘‘DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund’’, $40,000,000 are hereby re-scinded. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 236. Of the discretionary funds made available in Public Law 114–113 for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, $134,000,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’, $26,000,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and $9,000,000 are re-scinded from ‘‘Medical Facilities’’. SEC. 237. The amounts otherwise made avail-able by this Act for the following accounts of the Department of Veterans Affairs are hereby reduced by the following amounts: (1) ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical and Prosthetic Research’’, $2,000,000. (2) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Board of Veterans Appeals’’, $500,000. (3) ‘‘Veterans Benefits Administration—Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration’’, $12,000,000. (4) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Informa-tion Technology Systems’’, $8,000,000. (5) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Office of Inspector General’’, $500,000. S
EC. 238. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained pro-fessional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the Amer-ican Association of Suicidology. S
EC. 239. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall treat a marriage and family therapist de-scribed in subsection (b) as qualified to serve as a marriage and family therapist in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, regardless of any re-quirements established by the Commission on Accreditation for Marriage and Family Therapy Education. (b) A marriage and family therapist described in this subsection is a therapist who meets each of the following criteria: (1) Has a masters or higher degree in marriage and family therapy, or a related field, from a re-gionally accredited institution. (2) Is licensed as a marriage and family thera-pist in a State (as defined in section 101(20) of title 38, United States Code) and possesses the highest level of licensure offered from the State. (3) Has passed the Association of Marital and Family Therapy Regulatory Board Examination in Marital and Family Therapy or a related ex-amination for licensure administered by a State (as so defined). S
EC. 240. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domiciliaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare services at existing Veterans Health Administration medical facili-ties located in Veterans Integrated Service Net-work 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report including the following ele-ments: (1) a national realignment strategy that in-cludes a detailed description of realignment plans within each Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN), including an updated Long Range Capital Plan to implement realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost vs. benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Vet-erans Health Administration services with con-tract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transpor-tation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with historic designation and the methodology used to deter-mine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realignment requirements: Provided, That, this provision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. SEC. 241. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 242. Paragraph (3) of section 403(a) of the Veterans’ Mental Health and Other Care Im-provements Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–387; 38 U.S.C. 1703 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) D
URATION .—A veteran may receive health services under this section during the period be-ginning on the date specified in paragraph (2) and ending on September 30, 2017.’’. S
EC. 243. (a) Section 1722A(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Paragraph (1) does not apply to opioid antagonists furnished under this chapter to a veteran who is at high risk for overdose of a specific medication or substance in order to re-verse the effect of such an overdose.’’. (b) Section 1710(g)(3) of such title is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘with respect to home health services’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to the fol-lowing:’’ ‘‘(A) Home health services’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Education on the use of opioid antago-nists to reverse the effects of overdoses of spe-cific medications or substances.’’. S
EC. 244. Section 312 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c)(1) by striking the phrase ‘‘that makes a recommendation or otherwise suggests corrective action,’’. S
EC. 245. Of the funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, funds may be used in each year to carry out and expand the child care program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111–163, notwith-standing subsection (e) of such section. S
EC. 246. Section 5701(l) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. VA P
ATIENT PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 S
EC. 247. (a) P ROCEDURE AND ADMINISTRA -
TION.— (1) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS ‘‘§ 731. Whistleblower complaint defined ‘‘In this subchapter, the term ‘whistleblower complaint’ means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a potential violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mis-management, gross waste of funds, abuse of au-thority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘§ 732. Treatment of whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) F
ILING .—(1) In addition to any other method established by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint, an employee of the Department may file a whistleblower com-plaint in accordance with subsection (g) with a supervisor of the employee. ‘‘(2) Except as provided by subsection (d)(1), in making a whistleblower complaint under paragraph (1), an employee shall file the initial complaint with the immediate supervisor of the employee. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—(1)(A) Not later than four business days after the date on which a su-pervisor receives a whistleblower complaint by an employee under this section, the supervisor shall notify, in writing, the employee of whether the supervisor determines that there is a reason-able likelihood that the complaint discloses a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6080 September 28, 2016 
violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘(B) The supervisor shall retain written docu-mentation regarding the whistleblower com-plaint and shall submit to the next-level super-visor and the central whistleblower office de-scribed in subsection (h) a written report on the complaint. ‘‘(2)(A) On a monthly basis, the supervisor shall submit to the appropriate director or other official who is superior to the supervisor a writ-ten report that includes the number of whistle-blower complaints received by the supervisor under this section during the month covered by the report, the disposition of such complaints, and any actions taken because of such com-plaints pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(B) In the case in which such a director or official carries out this paragraph, the director or official shall submit such monthly report to the supervisor of the director or official and to the central whistleblower office described in subsection (h). ‘‘(c) P
OSITIVE DETERMINATION .—If a super-visor makes a positive determination under sub-section (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower com-plaint of an employee, the supervisor shall in-clude in the notification to the employee under such subsection the specific actions that the su-pervisor will take to address the complaint. ‘‘(d) F
ILING COMPLAINT WITHNEXT-LEVEL SU-
PERVISORS .—(1) If any circumstance described in paragraph (3) is met, an employee may file a whistleblower complaint in accordance with subsection (g) with the next-level supervisor who shall treat such complaint in accordance with this section. ‘‘(2) An employee may file a whistleblower complaint with the Secretary if the employee has filed the whistleblower complaint to each level of supervisors between the employee and the Secretary in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A circumstance described in this para-graph is any of the following circumstances: ‘‘(A) A supervisor does not make a timely de-termination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(B) The employee who made a whistleblower complaint determines that the supervisor did not adequately address the complaint pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(C) The immediate supervisor of the em-ployee is the basis of the whistleblower com-plaint. ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF EMPLOYEE WHOFILES W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT .—If a supervisor makes a positive determination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint filed by an employee, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) inform the employee of the ability to vol-unteer for a transfer in accordance with section 3352 of title 5; and ‘‘(2) give preference to the employee for such a transfer in accordance with such section. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON EXEMPTION .—The Sec- retary may not exempt any employee of the De-partment from being covered by this section. ‘‘(g) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT FORM.—(1) A whistleblower complaint filed by an employee under subsection (a) or (d) shall consist of the form described in paragraph (2) and any sup-porting materials or documentation the em-ployee determines necessary. ‘‘(2) The form described in this paragraph is a form developed by the Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, that includes the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) An explanation of the purpose of the whistleblower complaint form. ‘‘(B) Instructions for filing a whistleblower complaint as described in this section. ‘‘(C) An explanation that filing a whistle-blower complaint under this section does not preclude the employee from any other method established by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(D) A statement directing the employee to in-formation accessible on the Internet website of the Department as described in section 735(d). ‘‘(E) Fields for the employee to provide— ‘‘(i) the date that the form is submitted; ‘‘(ii) the name of the employee; ‘‘(iii) the contact information of the employee; ‘‘(iv) a summary of the whistleblower com-plaint (including the option to append sup-porting documents pursuant to paragraph (1)); and ‘‘(v) proposed solutions to the complaint. ‘‘(F) Any other information or fields that the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) The Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, shall develop the form de-scribed in paragraph (2) by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion. ‘‘(h) CENTRAL WHISTLEBLOWER OFFICE .—(1) The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office— ‘‘(A) is not an element of the Office of the General Counsel; ‘‘(B) is not headed by an official who reports to the General Counsel; ‘‘(C) does not provide, or receive from, the General Counsel any information regarding a whistleblower complaint except pursuant to an action regarding the complaint before an admin-istrative body or court; and ‘‘(D) does not provide advice to the General Counsel. ‘‘(2) The central whistleblower office shall be responsible for investigating all whistleblower complaints of the Department, regardless of whether such complaints are made by or against an employee who is not a member of the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall ensure that the cen-tral whistleblower office maintains a toll-free hotline to anonymously receive whistleblower complaints. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall ensure that the cen-tral whistleblower office has such staff and re-sources as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out the functions of the central whistle-blower office. ‘‘(5) In this subsection, the term ‘central whis-tleblower office’ means the Office of Account-ability Review or a successor office that is estab-lished or designated by the Secretary to inves-tigate whistleblower complaints filed under this section or any other method established by law. ‘‘§ 733. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower com-plaints ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) In accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall carry out the following adverse actions against supervisory employees (as defined in section 7103(a) of title 5) whom the Secretary, an administrative judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body pro-vided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the Inspector General of the Department de-termines committed a prohibited personnel ac-tion described in subsection (c): ‘‘(A) With respect to the first offense, an ad-verse action that is not less than a 12-day sus-pension and not more than removal. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second offense, re-moval. ‘‘(2)(A) An employee against whom an adverse action under paragraph (1) is proposed is enti-tled to written notice. ‘‘(B)(i) An employee who is notified under subparagraph (A) of being the subject of a pro-posed adverse action under paragraph (1) is en-titled to 14 days following such notification to answer and furnish evidence in support of the answer. ‘‘(ii) If the employee does not furnish any such evidence as described in clause (i) or if the Secretary determines that such evidence is not sufficient to reverse the determination to pro-pose the adverse action, the Secretary shall carry out the adverse action following such 14- day period. ‘‘(C) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7513 of title 5, subsection (c) of such section, paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7543 of such title, and subsection (c) of such section shall not apply with respect to an adverse action carried out under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited personnel action described in subsection (c), if the Sec-retary carries out an adverse action against a supervisory employee, the Secretary may carry out an additional adverse action under this sec-tion based on the same prohibited personnel ac-tion if the total severity of the adverse actions do not exceed the level specified in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION DE-
SCRIBED .—A prohibited personnel action de-scribed in this subsection is any of the following actions: ‘‘(1) Taking or failing to take a personnel ac-tion in violation of section 2302 of title 5 against an employee relating to the employee— ‘‘(A) filing a whistleblower complaint in ac-cordance with section 732 of this title; ‘‘(B) filing a whistleblower complaint with the Inspector General of the Department, the Spe-cial Counsel, or Congress; ‘‘(C) providing information or participating as a witness in an investigation of a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 732 or with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Congress; ‘‘(D) participating in an audit or investigation by the Comptroller General of the United States; ‘‘(E) refusing to perform an action that is un-lawful or prohibited by the Department; or ‘‘(F) engaging in communications that are re-lated to the duties of the position or are other-wise protected. ‘‘(2) Preventing or restricting an employee from making an action described in any of sub-paragraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Conducting a negative peer review or opening a retaliatory investigation because of an activity of an employee that is protected by section 2302 of title 5. ‘‘(4) Requesting a contractor to carry out an action that is prohibited by section 4705(b) or section 4712(a)(1) of title 41, as the case may be. ‘‘§ 734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses ‘‘(a) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—(1) In evaluating the performance of supervisors of the Depart-ment, the Secretary shall include the criteria de-scribed in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) The criteria described in this subsection are the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the supervisor treats whistle-blower complaints in accordance with section 732 of this title. ‘‘(B) Whether the appropriate deciding offi-cial, performance review board, or performance review committee determines that the supervisor was found to have committed a prohibited per-sonnel action described in section 733(b) of this title by an administrative judge, the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or, in the case of a settlement of a whistleblower complaint (re-gardless of whether any fault was assigned under such settlement), the Secretary. ‘‘(b) B
ONUSES .—(1) The Secretary may not pay to a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) an award or bonus under this title or title 5, in-cluding under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, dur-ing the one-year period beginning on the date on which the determination was made under such subsection. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall issue an order directing a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6081 September 28, 2016 
repay the amount of any award or bonus paid under this title or title 5, including under chap-ter 45 or 53 of such title, if— ‘‘(A) such award or bonus was paid for per-formance during a period in which the super-visor committed a prohibited personnel action as determined pursuant to such subsection (a)(2)(B); ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines such repayment appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary to carry out this section; and ‘‘(C) the supervisor is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing before making such repayment. ‘‘§ 735. Training regarding whistleblower com-plaints ‘‘(a) T
RAINING .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary, in coordination with the Whistleblower Protection Ombudsman des-ignated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall pro-vide to each employee of the Department train-ing regarding whistleblower complaints, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint; ‘‘(2) an explanation of prohibited personnel actions described by section 733(c) of this title; ‘‘(3) with respect to supervisors, how to treat whistleblower complaints in accordance with section 732 of this title; ‘‘(4) the right of the employee to petition Con-gress regarding a whistleblower complaint in ac-cordance with section 7211 of title 5; ‘‘(5) an explanation that the employee may not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress, the Inspector General, or another investigatory agency in in-stances where such disclosure is permitted by law, including under sections 5701, 5705, and 7732 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191); ‘‘(6) an explanation of the language that is re-quired to be included in all nondisclosure poli-cies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and ‘‘(7) the right of contractors to be protected from reprisal for the disclosure of certain infor-mation under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. ‘‘(b) M
ANNER TRAINING ISPROVIDED .—The Secretary shall ensure that training provided under subsection (a) is provided in person. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall provide training on merit system protection in a manner that the Special Counsel certifies as being satis-factory. ‘‘(d) P
UBLICATION .—(1) The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the Depart-ment, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to file a whistleblower complaint, including the in-formation described in paragraphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall publish on the Inter-net website of the Department, the whistle-blower complaint form described in section 732(g)(2). ‘‘§ 736. Reports to Congress ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that includes— ‘‘(1) with respect to whistleblower complaints filed under section 732 of this title during the year covered by the report— ‘‘(A) the number of such complaints filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints in which a positive de-termination was made by a supervisor under subsection (b)(1) of such section; ‘‘(2) the number of whistleblower complaints filed during the year covered by the report that are not included under paragraph (1), includ-ing— ‘‘(A) the method in which such complaints were filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints; and ‘‘(3) with respect to disclosures made by a con-tractor under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41— ‘‘(A) the number of complaints relating to such disclosures that were investigated by the Inspector General of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs during the year covered by the re-port; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints. ‘‘(b) NOTICE OF OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  D
ETERMINATIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives from the Special Counsel information relating to a whistleblower complaint pursuant to section 1213 of title 5, the Secretary shall notify the ap-propriate committees of Congress of such infor-mation, including the determination made by the Special Counsel. ‘‘(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such chapter is further amended by inserting before section 701 the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed— (i) by inserting before the item relating to sec-tion 701 the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS ’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS  ‘‘731. Whistleblower complaint defined. ‘‘732. Treatment of whistleblower complaints. ‘‘733. Adverse actions against supervisory em-ployees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints. ‘‘734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses. ‘‘735. Training regarding whistleblower com-plaints. ‘‘736. Reports to Congress.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY  
BYDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOY -
EES AS OFFICIAL DUTY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as designated by section 2(a)(2)(A), is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty ‘‘(a) C
ONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY .—An em- ployee of the Department is performing official duty during the period with respect to which the employee is testifying in an official capacity in front of either chamber of Congress, a committee of either chamber of Congress, or a joint or se-lect committee of Congress. ‘‘(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall provide travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applica-ble provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs performing official duty de-scribed under subsection (a).’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 2(a)(2)(B), is further amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘715. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty.’’. S
EC. 248. (a) I NGENERAL .—For the purposes of verifying that an individual performed service under honorable conditions that satisfies the re-quirements of a coastwise merchant seaman who is recognized pursuant to section 401 of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95– 202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note) as having performed ac-tive duty service for the purposes described in subsection (c)(1), the Secretary of Defense shall accept the following: (1) In the case of an individual who served on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such rec-ognition for whom no applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship logbook, mer-chant mariner’s document or Z-card, or other official employment record is available, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide such recognition on the basis of applicable Social Security Ad-ministration records submitted for or by the in-dividual, together with validated testimony given by the individual or the primary next of kin of the individual that the individual per-formed such service during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (2) In the case of an individual who served on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such rec-ognition for whom the applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship logbook, mer-chant mariner’s document or Z-card, or other official employment record has been destroyed or otherwise become unavailable by reason of any action committed by a person responsible for the control and maintenance of such form, logbook, or record, the Secretary of Defense shall accept other official documentation dem-onstrating that the individual performed such service during period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (3) For the purpose of determining whether to recognize service allegedly performed during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and end-ing on December 31, 1946, the Secretary shall recognize masters of seagoing vessels or other of-ficers in command of similarly organized groups as agents of the United States who were author-ized to document any individual for purposes of hiring the individual to perform service in the merchant marine or discharging an individual from such service. (b) T
REATMENT OF OTHER DOCUMENTATION .— Other documentation accepted by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (a)(2) shall satisfy all requirements for eligibility of service during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (c) B
ENEFITS ALLOWED .— (1) M
EDALS , RIBBONS , AND DECORATIONS .—An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (a) may be awarded an appropriate medal, ribbon, or other military decoration based on such service. (2) S
TATUS OF VETERAN .—An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (a) shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled by reason of such recog-nized service to any benefit that is not described in this subsection. S
EC. 249. Section 322(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘allowance to a veteran’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘allowance to— ‘‘(A) a veteran’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6082 September 28, 2016 
‘‘(B) a veteran with a VA service-connected disability rated as 30 percent or greater by the Department of Veterans Affairs who is selected by the United States Olympic Committee for the United States Olympic Team for any month in which the veteran is competing in any event sanctioned by the National Governing Bodies of the United States Olympic Sports.’’. S
EC. 250. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 111(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) A veteran with vision impairment, a vet-eran with a spinal cord injury or disorder, or a veteran with double or multiple amputations whose travel is in connection with care provided through a special disabilities rehabilitation pro-gram of the Department (including programs provided by spinal cord injury centers, blind re-habilitation centers, and prosthetics rehabilita-tion centers) if such care is provided— ‘‘(i) on an in-patient basis; or ‘‘(ii) during a period in which the Secretary provides the veteran with temporary lodging at a facility of the Department to make such care more accessible to the veteran.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the beneficiary travel program under section 111 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), that includes the following: (1) The cost of the program. (2) The number of veterans served by the pro-gram. (3) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 251. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a program to conduct inspections of kitchens and food service areas at each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such in-spections shall occur not less frequently than annually. The program’s goal is to ensure that the same standards for kitchens and food service areas at hospitals in the private sector are being met at kitchens and food service areas at med-ical facilities of the Department. (b) A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations under which the Joint Commission on Accredita-tion of Hospital Organizations conducts the in-spections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations on terms acceptable to the Secretary, the Sec-retary shall seek to enter into such an agree-ment with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity comparable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) R
EMEDIATION PLAN.— (1) I
NITIAL FAILURE .—If a kitchen or food service area of a medical facility of the Depart-ment is determined pursuant to an inspection conducted under subsection (a) not to meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sector, that medical fa-cility fails the inspection and the Secretary shall— (A) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 72 hours; and (B) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 14 days of the failed inspection. (2) SECOND FAILURE .—If a medical facility of the Department fails the second inspection con-ducted under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall close the kitchen or food service area at that medical facility that did not meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sector until full remedi-ation is completed and all kitchens and food service areas at that medical facility meet such standards. (3) P
ROVISION OF FOOD .—If a kitchen or food service area is closed at a medical facility of the Department pursuant to paragraph (2), the Di-rector of the Veterans Integrated Service Net-work in which the medical facility is located shall enter into a contract with a vendor ap-proved by the General Services Administration to provide food at the medical facility. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not less frequently than quarterly, the Under Secretary of Health shall submit to Congress a report on inspections conducted under this section, and their detailed findings and actions taken, during the pre-ceding quarter at medical facilities of the De-partment. S
EC. 252. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a program to conduct risk-based inspections for mold and mold issues at each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such facili-ties will be rated high, medium, or low risk for mold. Such inspections at facilities rated high risk shall occur not less frequently than annu-ally, and such inspections at facilities rated me-dium or low risk shall occur not less frequently than biennially. (b) A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations under which the Joint Commission on Accredita-tion of Hospital Organizations conducts the in-spections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations on terms acceptable to the Secretary, the Sec-retary shall seek to enter into such an agree-ment with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity comparable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) R
EMEDIATION PLAN.—If a medical facility of the Department is determined pursuant to an inspection conducted under subsection (a) to have a mold issue, the Secretary shall— (1) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 7 days; and (2) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 90 days of the initial inspection. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not less frequently than quarterly, the Under Secretary for Health shall submit to Congress a report on inspections conducted under this section, and their detailed findings and actions taken, during the pre-ceding quarter at medical facilities of the De-partment. S
EC. 253. Section 1706(b)(5)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended, in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘through 2008’’. S
EC. 254. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this title to ensure that the ratio of veterans to full-time employment equivalents within any program of rehabilita-tion conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, does not exceed 125 veterans to one full-time employment equivalent. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the programs of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, including— (1) an assessment of the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program; and (2) recommendations for such action as the Secretary considers necessary to reduce the vet-eran-to-staff ratio for each such program. SEC. 255. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibil-ities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede that In-spector General’s access to such records, docu-ments, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure com-pliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information provided by the es-tablishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. S
EC. 256. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement related to resolving a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohibited from disclosure by Federal law or required by Executive Order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs. S
EC. 257. Appropriations made available in this Act under the heading ‘‘Medical Services’’ shall be available to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, to in-clude the payment of the administrative ex-penses necessary to carry out such sections. Of the amount appropriated for fiscal year 2017, up to $2,000,000 shall be available for the payment of monthly assistance allowances to veterans pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 322(d) and up to $8,000,000 shall be available for the payment of grants pur-suant to 38 U.S.C. 521A. Of the amounts appro-priated in advance for fiscal year 2018, up to $2,000,000 shall be available for the payment of monthly assistance allowances to veterans pur-suant to 38 U.S.C. 322(d) and up to $8,000,000 shall be available for the payment of grants pur-suant to 38 U.S.C. 521A. S
EC. 258. (a) In fiscal year 2017 and each fis-cal year hereafter, beginning with the fiscal year 2018 budget request submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the budget justification documents submitted for the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ account of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs shall include, at a minimum, the information required under subsection (b). (b) The budget justification documents sub-mitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include, for each project— (1) the estimated total cost of the project; (2) the funding provided for each fiscal year prior to the budget year; (3) the amount requested for the budget year; (4) the estimated funding required for the project for each of the 4 fiscal years succeeding the budget year; and (5) such additional information as is enumer-ated under the heading relating to the ‘‘Con-struction, Major Projects’’ account of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in the joint ex-planatory statement accompanying this Act. (c) Not later than 45 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6083 September 28, 2016 
Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a pro-posed budget justification template that com-plies with the requirements of this section. S
EC. 259. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facil-ity projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: (1) Seismic corrections to buildings, including retrofitting and replacement of high-risk build-ings, in San Francisco, California, in an amount not to exceed $180,480,000. (2) Seismic corrections to facilities, including facilities to support homeless veterans, at the medical center in West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $105,500,000. (3) Seismic corrections to the mental health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to exceed $287,100,000. (4) Construction of an outpatient clinic, ad-ministrative space, cemetery, and columbarium in Alameda, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $87,332,000. (5) Realignment of medical facilities in Liver-more, California, in an amount not to exceed $194,430,000. (6) Construction of a medical center in Louis-ville, Kentucky, in an amount not to exceed $150,000,000. (7) Construction of a replacement community living center in Perry Point, Maryland, in an amount not to exceed $92,700,000. (8) Seismic corrections and other renovations to several buildings and construction of a spe-cialty care building in American Lake, Wash-ington, in an amount not to exceed $16,260,000. (b) There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016 or the year in which funds are appro-priated for the Construction, Major Projects, ac-count, $1,113,802,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (a). (c) The projects authorized in subsection (a) may only be carried out using— (1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in subsection (b); (2) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (3) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (4) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2016 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; (5) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not specific to a project; and (6) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not specific to a project. S
EC. 260. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the amounts appropriated or other-wise made available to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ ac-count may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered vet-eran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘service-connected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a vet-eran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service- connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ means benefits relating to reproductive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for As-sisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Af-fairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limita-tions on the amount of such benefits available to such a member. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoption-related expenses for an adoption that is finalized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimburse-ment program of the Department of Defense, as authorized in Department of Defense Instruc-tion 1341.09, including the reimbursement limits and requirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the purposes specified in subsection (a) of this section are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of na-tional cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign coun-tries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $30,945,000: Provided, That $2,500,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described, and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth, under this heading in Public Law 102–229. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, oper-ation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home Na-tional Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses, $70,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for De-fense Agencies’’ account. ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mis-sissippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds avail-able in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be pro-vided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the re-location of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, making additional land available for ground burials. S
EC. 302. Amounts deposited into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are ap-propriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Mili-tary Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Army’’, $18,900,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021, for projects out-side of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $59,809,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Air Force’’ $88,291,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Defense-Wide’’, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6084 September 28, 2016 
designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Fed-eral entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or ac-tivity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of pri-vate property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and fund-ing, to expand their use of ‘‘E-Commerce’’ tech-nologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all reports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. S
EC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agen-cy that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or propri-etary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the execu-tive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction serv-ices, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of De-fense or the Department of Veterans Affairs to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet in-ventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. SEC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is lo-cated at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective con-trol of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. DIVISION B—ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Sup-port’’, $394,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases, domestically and internationally: Provided, That products purchased with these funds may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in for-eign countries: Provided further, That the provi-sions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall apply to the use of funds appropriated in this para-graph as determined by the Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention to be appropriate: Provided further, That funds ap-propriated in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, alteration, or ren-ovation of non-federally owned facilities to im-prove preparedness and response capability at State and local laboratories: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated in this para-graph, $44,000,000 is included to supplement ei-ther fiscal year 2016 or fiscal year 2017 funds for the Public Health Emergency Preparedness co-operative agreement program to restore fiscal year 2016 funds that were reprogrammed for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $152,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for research on the virology, natural history, and pathogenesis of the Zika virus infection and preclinical and clinical de-velopment of vaccines and other medical coun-termeasures for the Zika virus and other vector- borne diseases, domestically and internation-ally: Provided, That such funds may be trans-ferred by the Director of the National Institutes of Health (‘‘NIH’’) to other accounts of the NIH for the purposes provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES EMERGENCY  
FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emer-gency Fund’’, $387,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, health conditions re-lated to such virus, and other vector-borne dis-eases, domestically and internationally; to de-velop necessary countermeasures and vaccines, including the development and purchase of vac-cines, therapeutics, diagnostics, necessary med-ical supplies, and administrative activities; for carrying out section 501 of the Social Security Act; and for carrying out sections 330 through 336 and 338 of the PHS Act: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to procure security countermeasures (as de-fined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act): Provided further, That paragraphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of section 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other provisions of such sec-tion, shall apply to such security counter-measures procured with funds appropriated in this paragraph: Provided further, That products purchased with funds appropriated in this para-graph may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F– 2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be trans-ferred to the fund authorized by section 319F–4 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $75,000,000, in addition to the purposes specified above, shall also be available for necessary ex-penses for support to States, territories, tribes, or tribal organizations with active or local transmission cases of the Zika virus, as con-firmed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to reimburse the costs of health care for health conditions related to the Zika virus, other than costs that are covered by private health insurance, of which not less than $60,000,000 shall be for territories with the high-est rates of Zika transmission: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this head-ing, $20,000,000 shall be awarded, notwith-standing section 502 of the Social Security Act, for projects of regional and national signifi-cance in Puerto Rico and other territories au-thorized under section 501 of the Social Security Act: Provided further, That of the funds appro-priated under this heading, $40,000,000 shall be used to expand the delivery of primary health services authorized by section 330 of the PHS Act in Puerto Rico and other territories: Pro-vided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $6,000,000 shall, for pur-poses of providing primary health services in areas affected by Zika virus or other vector- borne diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other territories, notwith-standing the assignment priorities and limita-tions in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repayment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ included 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6085 September 28, 2016 
health services regarding pediatric subspecial-ists: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
DIRECT HIRES  S
EC. 101. Funds appropriated by this title may be used by the heads of the Department of Health and Human Services, Department of State, and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to appoint, without re-gard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5 of the United States Code, can-didates needed for positions to perform critical work relating to Zika response for which— (1) public notice has been given; and (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices has determined that such a public health threat exists. 
TRANSFER AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 102. Funds appropriated by this title may be transferred to, and merged with, other appro-priation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’, ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, and ‘‘National Institutes of Health’’ for the pur-poses specified in this title following consulta-tion with the Office of Management and Budg-et: Provided, That the Committees on Appro-priations shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not nec-essary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this title may be transferred pursuant to the authority in section 205 of division H of Public Law 114–113 or section 241(a) of the PHS Act. 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 103. Not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this title, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Committees on Appropriations every 60 days until September 30, 2017. 
OVERSIGHT  S
EC. 104. Of the funds appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Public Health and So-cial Services Emergency Fund’’, up to— (1) $500,000 shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available under the heading ‘‘Office of the Secretary, Office of In-spector General’’, and shall remain available until expended, for oversight of activities sup-ported with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with the Commit-tees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds: Provided further, That the transfer au-thority provided by this paragraph is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided by law; and (2) $500,000 shall be made available to the Comptroller General of the United States, and shall remain available until expended, for over-sight of activities supported with funds appro-priated by this title: Provided, That the Comp-troller General shall consult with the Commit-tees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF STATE A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, $14,594,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support re-sponse efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vec-tor-borne diseases: Provided, That such funds may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other department or agency of the United States under Chief of Mission authority, and may be transferred to any other appropria-tion of such department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR  
SERVICE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Con-sular Service’’, $4,000,000 for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2017: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support re-sponse efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vec-tor-borne diseases, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided, That such costs, including costs of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an additional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $1,880,406: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $145,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to prevent, prepare for, and respond to the Zika virus, health conditions re-lated to such virus, and other vector-borne dis-eases: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available for vector control activities, vaccines, diagnostics, and vec-tor control technologies: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available as contributions to the World Health Organization, the United Nations Chil-dren’s Fund, the Pan American Health Organi-zation, the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy, and the Food and Agriculture Organization: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading shall be subject to prior con-sultation with the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for the Grand Challenges for Develop-ment program: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE TRANSFER AUTHORITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. (a) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, ‘‘Repatriation Loans Pro-gram Account’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this title under such headings to carry out the purposes of this title. (b) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided by law. (c) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the authori-ties provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to such appropriations. (d) No funds shall be transferred pursuant to this section unless at least 5 days prior to mak-ing such transfer the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, no-tifies the Committees on Appropriations in writ-ing of the details of any such transfer. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 202. Funds appropriated by this title shall only be available for obligation if the Sec-retary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in ad-vance of such obligation. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORTING REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 203. Not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act and prior to the initial obliga-tion of funds made available by this title, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment shall submit a consolidated report to the Committees on Appropriations on the antici-pated uses of such funds on a country and project basis, including estimated personnel and administrative costs: Provided, That such report shall be updated and submitted to the Commit-tees on Appropriations every 60 days until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
OVERSIGHT  S
EC. 204. Of the funds appropriated by this title, up to— (1) $500,000 shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds available under the heading ‘‘United States Agency for International Devel-opment, Funds Appropriated to the President, Office of Inspector General’’, and shall remain available until expended, for oversight of activi-ties supported with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the transfer authority pro-vided by this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law; and (2) $500,000 shall be made available to the Comptroller General of the United States, and shall remain available until expended, for over-sight of activities supported with funds appro-priated by this title: Provided, That the Sec-retary of State and the Comptroller General, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. TITLE III GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS DIVISION 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Unless otherwise provided for by this division, the additional amounts appropriated pursuant to this division are subject to the re-quirements for funds contained in the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114– 113). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6086 September 28, 2016 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. 302. Funds made available by this divi-sion may be used to enter into contracts with in-dividuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (48 CFR 37.104)) to support the purposes of titles I and II of this di-vision, within the United States and abroad, subject to prior consultation with, and the noti-fication procedures of, the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the purpose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management: Pro-vided further, That the authority made avail-able pursuant to this section shall expire on September 30, 2017. 
DESIGNATION RETENTION  S
EC. 303. Any amount appropriated by this di-vision, designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and sub-sequently so designated by the President, and transferred pursuant to transfer authorities pro-vided by this division shall retain such designa-tion. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. 304. This division shall become effective immediately upon enactment of this Act. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Zika Re-sponse and Preparedness Appropriations Act, 2016’’. DIVISION C—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The following sums are hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of applicable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the sev-eral departments, agencies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes, namely: S
EC. 101. (a) Such amounts as may be nec-essary, at a rate for operations as provided in the applicable appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2016 and under the authority and condi-tions provided in such Acts, for continuing projects or activities (including the costs of di-rect loans and loan guarantees) that are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Act, that were conducted in fiscal year 2016, and for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were made available in the following appropria-tions Acts: (1) The Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division A of Public Law 114–113), except section 728. (2) The Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (divi-sion B of Public Law 114–113). (3) The Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (division C of Public Law 114–113). (4) The Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (divi-sion D of Public Law 114–113). (5) The Financial Services and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Act, 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–113), which for purposes of this Act shall be treated as including section 707 of division O of Public Law 114–113. (6) The Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (division F of Public Law 114–113). (7) The Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division G of Public Law 114–113). (8) The Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division H of Public Law 114–113). (9) The Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016 (division I of Public Law 114–113). (10) The Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2016 (division K of Public Law 114–113), ex-cept title IX. (11) The Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (division L of Public Law 114– 113), except section 420. (b) The rate for operations provided by sub-section (a) is hereby reduced by 0.496 percent. SEC. 102. (a) No appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to sec-tion 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used for: (1) the new production of items not funded for production in fiscal year 2016 or prior years; (2) the increase in production rates above those sustained with fiscal year 2016 funds; or (3) the initiation, resumption, or con-tinuation of any project, activity, operation, or organization (defined as any project, subproject, activity, budget activity, program element, and subprogram within a program element, and for any investment items defined as a P–1 line item in a budget activity within an appropriation ac-count and an R–1 line item that includes a pro-gram element and subprogram element within an appropriation account) for which appropria-tions, funds, or other authority were not avail-able during fiscal year 2016. (b) No appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to section 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used to ini-tiate multi-year procurements utilizing advance procurement funding for economic order quan-tity procurement unless specifically appro-priated later. S
EC. 103. Appropriations made by section 101 shall be available to the extent and in the man-ner that would be provided by the pertinent ap-propriations Act. S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in sec-tion 102, no appropriation or funds made avail-able or authority granted pursuant to section 101 shall be used to initiate or resume any project or activity for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2016. S
EC. 105. Appropriations made and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obli-gations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are avail-able under this Act. S
EC. 106. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017, appropriations and funds made available and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall be available until whichever of the following first occurs: (1) the enactment into law of an appropriation for any project or activ-ity provided for in this Act; (2) the enactment into law of the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017 without any provision for such project or activity; or (3) December 9, 2016. S
EC. 107. Expenditures made pursuant to this Act shall be charged to the applicable appro-priation, fund, or authorization whenever a bill in which such applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization is contained is enacted into law. S
EC. 108. Appropriations made and funds made available by or authority granted pursu-ant to this Act may be used without regard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code, but nothing in this Act may be construed to waive any other provi-sion of law governing the apportionment of funds. S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, except section 106, for those pro-grams that would otherwise have high initial rates of operation or complete distribution of ap-propriations at the beginning of fiscal year 2017 because of distributions of funding to States, foreign countries, grantees, or others, such high initial rates of operation or complete distribu-tion shall not be made, and no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this Act that would impinge on final funding preroga-tives. S
EC. 110. This Act shall be implemented so that only the most limited funding action of that permitted in the Act shall be taken in order to provide for continuation of projects and ac-tivities. SEC. 111. (a) For entitlements and other man-datory payments whose budget authority was provided in appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2016, and for activities under the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008, activities shall be continued at the rate to maintain program levels under current law, under the authority and conditions provided in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016, to be continued through the date specified in section 106(3). (b) Notwithstanding section 106, obligations for mandatory payments due on or about the first day of any month that begins after October 2016 but not later than 30 days after the date specified in section 106(3) may continue to be made, and funds shall be available for such payments. S
EC. 112. Amounts made available under sec-tion 101 for civilian personnel compensation and benefits in each department and agency may be apportioned up to the rate for operations nec-essary to avoid furloughs within such depart-ment or agency, consistent with the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016, except that such authority provided under this section shall not be used until after the department or agency has taken all necessary actions to re-duce or defer non-personnel-related administra-tive expenses. S
EC. 113. Funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated and expended notwithstanding sec-tion 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fis-cal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). S
EC. 114. (a) Each amount incorporated by reference in this Act that was previously des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A) of such Act or as being for dis-aster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act, respectively. (b) The reduction in section 101(b) of this Act shall not apply to— (1) amounts designated under subsection (a) of this section; (2) amounts made available by section 101(a) by reference to the second paragraph under the heading ‘‘Social Security Administration—Limi-tation on Administrative Expenses’’ in division H of Public Law 114–113; or (3) amounts made available by section 101(a) by reference to the paragraph under the head-ing ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices—Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Ac-count’’ in division H of Public Law 114–113. (c) Section 6 of Public Law 114–113 shall apply to amounts designated in subsection (a) for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism. S
EC. 115. During the period covered by this Act, discretionary amounts appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 that were provided in advance by appropriations Acts covered by section 101 of this Act shall be available in the amounts pro-vided in such Acts, reduced by the percentage in section 101(b). S
EC. 116. (a) In addition to the amounts other-wise provided by section 101, and notwith-standing section 104, an additional amount is provided to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out the authorizations in the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198), at a rate for oper-ations of $17,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6087 September 28, 2016 
(b) In addition to the amounts otherwise pro-vided by section 101, and notwithstanding sec-tion 104, an additional amount is provided to the Attorney General to carry out the author-izations in the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198), at a rate for operations of $20,000,000. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, in addition to the purposes otherwise provided for amounts that become available on October 1, 2016, under the heading ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Veterans Health Adminis-tration—Medical Services’’ in division J of Pub-lic Law 114–113, such amounts shall be used to implement the Jason Simcakoski Memorial and Promise Act (title IX of Public Law 114–198) and the amendments made by that Act. S
EC. 117. Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Domestic Food Programs—Food and Nutrition Service—Commodity Assistance Pro-gram’’ at a rate for operations of $310,139,000, of which $236,120,000 shall be for the Commodity Supplemental Food Program. S
EC. 118. Amounts provided by section 111 to the Department of Agriculture for ‘‘Corpora-tions—Commodity Credit Corporation Fund— Reimbursement for Net Realized Losses’’ may be used, prior to the completion of the report de-scribed in section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 (15 U.S.C. 713a–11), to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sus-tained, but not previously reimbursed, as re-flected in the June 2016 report of its financial condition. S
EC. 119. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Rural Housing Service—Rental Assistance Program’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to pay ongoing debt service for the multi-family direct loan programs under sections 514 and 515 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1485). S
EC. 120. Section 529(b)(5) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff(b)(5)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. S
EC. 121. Notwithstanding sections 101 and 102, within amounts provided for ‘‘Department of Defense—Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Department of Defense—Re-search, Development, Test and Evaluation, De-fense-Wide’’, except for amounts designated for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the Secretary of Defense may develop, replace, and sustain Federal Gov-ernment security and suitability background in-vestigation information technology system re-quirements of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment at a rate for operations of $95,000,000. S
EC. 122. Section 1215(f)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1221 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2017’’ for ‘‘2016’’ through the earlier of the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense. S
EC. 123. (a) Funds made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Pro-grams—Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund’’ may be appor-tioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid disruption of continuing projects or activi-ties funded in this appropriation. (b) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 3 days after each use of the authority provided in subsection (a). S
EC. 124. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, except section 106, the District of Columbia may expend local funds under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia Funds’’ for such programs and activities under the District of Co-lumbia Appropriations Act, 2016 (title IV of divi-sion E of Public Law 114–113) at the rate set forth under ‘‘Part A—Summary of Expenses’’ as included in the Fiscal Year 2017 Local Budget Act of 2016 (D.C. Act 21–414), as modified as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) During the period in which this Act is in effect, the authority and conditions provided in the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–113) which were applicable to the obli-gation or expenditure of funds by the District of Columbia for any program, project, or activity during fiscal year 2016 shall apply to the obliga-tion or expenditure of funds by the District of Columbia with respect to such program, project, or activity under any authority. SEC. 125. (a) Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration—Expenses, Presidential Transi-tion’’ for necessary expenses to carry out the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), at a rate for operations of $9,500,000, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 is for activities authorized by sections 3(a)(8) and 3(a)(9) of such Act: Provided, That such amounts may be transferred and credited to the ‘‘Acquisition Services Fund’’ or ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund’’ to reimburse obligations incurred prior to enact-ment of this Act for the purposes provided here-in related to the Presidential election in 2016: Provided further, That amounts available under this section shall be in addition to any other amounts available for such purposes. (b) Notwithstanding section 101, no funds are provided by this Act for ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration—Pre-Election Presidential Transi-tion’’. S
EC. 126. Notwithstanding section 101, for ex-penses of the Office of Administration to carry out the Presidential Transition Act of 1963, as amended, and similar expenses, in addition to amounts otherwise appropriated by law, amounts are provided to ‘‘Presidential Transi-tion Administrative Support’’ at a rate for oper-ations of $7,582,000: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to other accounts that pro-vide funding for offices within the Executive Of-fice of the President and the Office of the Vice President in this Act or any other Act, to carry out such purposes. S
EC. 127. In addition to the amounts otherwise provided by section 101, an additional amount is provided for ‘‘District of Columbia—Federal Payment for Emergency Planning and Security Costs in the District of Columbia’’ for costs asso-ciated with the Presidential Inauguration, at a rate for operations of $19,995,000. S
EC. 128. In addition to the amounts otherwise provided by section 101, an additional amount is provided for ‘‘National Archives and Records Administration—Operating Expenses’’ to carry out the Presidential transition responsibilities of the Archivist of the United States under sections 2201 through 2207 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Presidential Records Act of 1978’’), at a rate for operations of $4,850,000. S
EC. 129. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Small Business Administration—Busi-ness Loans Program Account’’ may be appor-tioned up to the rate for operations necessary to accommodate increased demand for commit-ments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)). S
EC. 130. Amounts provided by section 101 for the Department of Homeland Security may be obligated in the account and budget structure set forth in the table provided by the Chief Fi-nancial Officer of the Department to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives prior to the end of fis-cal year 2016 pursuant to section 563(e) of the Department of Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (division F of Public Law 114– 113). SEC. 131. (a) Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Secu-rity—U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Op-erations and Support’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain not less than the number of staff achieved on September 30, 2016. (b) Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Security—Transpor-tation Security Administration—Operations and Support’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain not less than the number of screeners achieved on September 30, 2016. S
EC. 132. The authority provided by section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. S
EC. 133. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. S
EC. 134. (a) The authority provided by sub-section (m)(3) of section 8162 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. (b) Section 419(b) of division G of Public Law 114–113 shall not apply during the period cov-ered by this Act. S
EC. 135. Notwithstanding section 101, sub-section 35(d) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191(d)) shall be applied, at a rate for op-erations, through the date specified in section 106(3), as if the following new paragraph were added at the end— ‘‘(5) There is appropriated to the Fee Account established in subsection (c)(3)(B)(ii) of this sec-tion, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-erwise appropriated, $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until expended, for the coordination and processing of oil and gas use authorizations, to be reduced by amounts col-lected by the Bureau and transferred to such Fee Account pursuant to subsection (d)(3)(A)(ii) of this section, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0.’’. S
EC. 136. In addition to the amounts otherwise provided by section 101, an additional amount is provided for ‘‘Department of the Interior—Na-tional Park Service—Operation of the National Park System’’ for security and visitor safety ac-tivities related to the Presidential Inaugural Ceremonies, at a rate for operations of $4,200,000. S
EC. 137. In addition to amounts otherwise made available by section 101, and notwith-standing section 104, amounts are provided for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Environ-mental Programs and Management’’ at a rate for operations of $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, and such amounts may be ap-portioned up to the rate for operations needed, for necessary expenses of activities described in section 26(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625(b)(1)): Provided, That fees collected pursuant to such section of such Act and deposited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses under the above heading and shall remain available until expended: Pro-vided further, That the sum provided by this section of this Act from the general fund for fis-cal year 2017 shall be reduced by the amount of discretionary offsetting receipts received during fiscal year 2017, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent that amounts realized from such receipts exceed $3,000,000, those amounts in excess of $3,000,000 shall be deposited in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6088 September 28, 2016 
‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as discretionary off-setting receipts in fiscal year 2017, shall be re-tained and used for necessary salaries and ex-penses in this account, and shall remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading by section 101, the Chemical Risk Review and Re-duction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees made available, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fis-cal year 2014. S
EC. 138. Section 114(f) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in sec-tion 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. S
EC. 139. The first proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services— Administration for Children and Families—Pay-ments to States for the Child Care and Develop-ment Block Grant’’ in title II of division H of Public Law 114–113 shall not apply during the period covered by this Act. S
EC. 140. (a) The second proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Administration for Children and Fam-ilies—Children and Families Services Programs’’ in title II of division H of Public Law 114–113 shall be applied during the period covered by this Act as if the following were struck from such proviso: ‘‘, of which $141,000,000 shall be available for a cost of living adjustment not-withstanding section 640(a)(3)(A) of such Act’’. (b) Amounts made available in the third pro-viso under the heading ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Administration for Chil-dren and Families—Children and Families Serv-ices Programs’’ in title II of division H of Public Law 114–113 shall not be included in the cal-culation of the ‘‘base grant’’, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9835(a)(7)(A)), during the period described in section 106 of this Act. S
EC. 141. (a) Section 529 of division H of Pub-lic Law 114–113 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund from the appropriation to the Fund for the first semi-annual allotment period for fiscal year 2017 under section 2104(n)(2)(A)(ii) of the Social Se-curity Act’’ for ‘‘or available in the Child En-rollment Contingency Fund from appropriations to the Fund under section 2104(n)(2)(A)(i) of the Social Security Act’’; and (b) Section 530 of division H of Public Law 114–113 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$541,900,000’’ for ‘‘$4,678,500,000’’ and by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘and of the funds made available for the purposes of carrying out section 2105(a)(3) of the Social Security Act, $5,669,100,000 are hereby rescinded’’. S
EC. 142. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, there is appropriated for payment to Sami A. Takai, widow of Kyle Mark Takai, late a Representative from the State of Hawaii, $174,000. S
EC. 143. (a) Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Transportation— Federal Railroad Administration—Operating Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Cor-poration’’ and ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation—Federal Railroad Administration—Cap-ital and Debt Service Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ shall be obli-gated in the account and budget structure, and under the authorities and conditions, set forth for ‘‘Department of Transportation—Federal Railroad Administration—Northeast Corridor Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Cor-poration’’ and ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation—Federal Railroad Administration—Na-tional Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ in H.R. 5394 and S. 2844, as introduced in the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress. (b) Amounts made available pursuant to sub-section (a) are provided for ‘‘Department of Transportation—Federal Railroad Administra-tion—Northeast Corridor Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ at a rate for operations of $235,000,000, to remain available until expended, and for ‘‘Department of Trans-portation—Federal Railroad Administration— National Network Grants to the National Rail-road Passenger Corporation’’ at a rate for oper-ations of $1,155,000,000, to remain available until expended. SEC. 144. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Maritime Administration—Maritime Se-curity Program’’ shall be allocated at an annual rate across all vessels covered by operating agreements, as that term is used in chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, and the Sec-retary shall distribute equally all such funds for payments due under all operating agreements in equal amounts notwithstanding title 46, United States Code, section 53106: Provided, That no payment shall exceed an annual rate of $3,500,000 per operating agreement. S
EC. 145. (a) In addition to the amount other-wise provided by section 101 for the ‘‘Commu-nity Planning and Development, Community Development Fund’’, there is appropriated $500,000,000 for an additional amount for fiscal year 2016, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses for activities authorized under title I of the Housing and Community De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) re-lated to disaster relief, long-term recovery, res-toration of infrastructure and housing, and eco-nomic revitalization in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major disaster declared in 2016, and which the disaster oc-curred prior to the date of enactment of this Act, pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided, That funds shall be awarded directly to the State or unit of general local government at the discretion of the Sec-retary: Provided further, That as a condition of making any grant, the Secretary shall certify in advance that such grantee has in place pro-ficient financial controls and procurement proc-esses and has established adequate procedures to prevent any duplication of benefits as defined by section 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155), to ensure timely expenditure of funds, to maintain comprehensive websites regarding all disaster recovery activities assisted with these funds, and to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds: Provided further, That prior to the obligation of funds a grantee shall submit a plan to the Secretary for approval de-tailing the proposed use of all funds, including criteria for eligibility and how the use of these funds will address long-term recovery and res-toration of infrastructure and housing and eco-nomic revitalization in the most impacted and distressed areas: Provided further, That such funds may not be used for activities reimburs-able by, or for which funds are made available by, the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Army Corps of Engineers: Provided fur-ther, That funds allocated under this heading shall not be considered relevant to the non-dis-aster formula allocations made pursuant to sec-tion 106 of the Housing and Community Devel-opment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306): Provided further, That a State or subdivision thereof may use up to 5 percent of its allocation for adminis-trative costs: Provided further, That in admin-istering the funds under this heading, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for, any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the obligation by the Secretary or the use by the re-cipient of these funds (except for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), if the Sec-retary finds that good cause exists for the waiv-er or alternative requirement and such waiver or alternative requirement would not be incon-sistent with the overall purpose of title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the preceding proviso, recipients of funds pro-vided under this heading that use such funds to supplement Federal assistance provided under section 402, 403, 404, 406, 407, or 502 of the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) may adopt, without review or public comment, any environmental review, approval, or permit per-formed by a Federal agency, and such adoption shall satisfy the responsibilities of the recipient with respect to such environmental review, ap-proval or permit: Provided further, That, not-withstanding section 104(g)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5304(g)(2)), the Secretary may, upon re-ceipt of a request for release of funds and cer-tification, immediately approve the release of funds for an activity or project assisted under this heading if the recipient has adopted an en-vironmental review, approval or permit under the preceding proviso or the activity or project is categorically excluded from review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.): Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish via notice in the Federal Register any waiver, or alternative requirement, to any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers pursuant to title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 no later than 5 days before the effective date of such waiver or alternative requirement: Pro-vided further, That amounts provided under this section shall be designated by Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (b) Unobligated balances, including recap-tures and carryover, remaining from funds ap-propriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development for administrative costs of the Office of Community Planning and Develop-ment associated with funds appropriated to the Department for specific disaster relief and re-lated purposes and designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a Con-current Resolution on the Budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act, including information technology costs and costs for administering and overseeing such spe-cific disaster related funds, shall be transferred to the Program Office Salaries and Expenses, Community Planning and Development account for the Department, shall remain available until expended, and may be used for such administra-tive costs for administering any funds appro-priated to the Department for any disaster relief and related purposes in any prior or future act, notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided, That the amounts transferred pursuant to this section that were previously designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a Con-current Resolution on the Budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be transferred only if the President subsequently so designates the entire transfer and transmits such designation to the Congress. (c) This section shall become effective imme-diately upon enactment of this Act. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 2017’’. DIVISION D—RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS S
EC. 101. (a) Of the unobligated balances available from prior year appropriations under the heading ‘‘Department of Commerce, Eco-nomic Development Administration, Economic Development Assistance Programs’’ designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, $10,000,000 is re-scinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6089 September 28, 2016 
the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (b) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Commerce, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, Operations, Re-search, and Facilities’’ in title II of Public Law 111–212 for responding to economic impacts of fisherman and fishery dependent businesses, $13,000,000 is rescinded immediately upon enact-ment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (c) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security, Office of the Sec-retary and Executive Management’’ in Public Law 109–148, $279,045 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (d) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’ from emergency funds in Public Law 107–206 and earlier laws trans-ferred to the Department of Homeland Security when it was created in 2003, $39,246 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Pro-vided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (e) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Improve-ments’’ in Public Law 110–329, Public Law 109– 148 and Public Law 109–234, $48,075,920 is re-scinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (f) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Administrative and Regional Oper-ations’’ in Public Law 109–234, $731,790 is re-scinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (g) Of the unobligated amounts made avail-able under section 1323(c)(1) of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18043(c)(1)), $168,100,000 is rescinded imme-diately upon enactment of this Act. (h) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Op-erations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $7,522,000 is rescinded immediately upon enact-ment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (i) Of the unobligated balances of appropria-tions made available under the heading ‘‘Bilat-eral Economic Assistance, Funds Appropriated to the President’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $109,478,000 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Pro-vided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (j) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Transportation, Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, Facilities and Equipment’’ in Pub-lic Law 109–148, $4,384,920 is rescinded imme-diately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (k) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Transportation, Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, Facilities and Equipment’’ in Pub-lic Law 102–368, $990,277 is rescinded imme-diately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (l) Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Transportation from amounts provided under section 108 of Public Law 101– 130, $37,400,000 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Rogers of Kentucky moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 901, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325. This legislation includes the fiscal year 2017 continuing resolution and full-year appropriations for Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs. It also in-cludes funding to fight and prevent the spread of the Zika virus and assistance to communities affected by recent, devastating floods. This is a reasonable and necessary compromise that will keep the govern-ment open and operating, address ur-gent needs across the country, and pro-vide the necessary support for our serv-icemembers, their families, and our veterans. First and foremost, Mr. Speaker, this bill helps us avoid the unwarranted damage of a government shutdown by providing the funds required to keep the government open and operational past our September 30 deadline. The funding is provided at the cur-rent rate of $1.067 trillion and lasts through December 9. This short time-frame will allow Congress to complete our annual appropriations work with-out jeopardizing important government functions. Secondly, the package contains the full-year Military Construction-VA bill for FY17, which was conferenced by the House and Senate and passed by the House already in June. In total, $82.5 billion is provided for our military infrastructure and vet-erans’ health and benefits programs, $2.7 billion above current levels, with targeted increases to address mis-management and improve operations at the VA. It is important to note that, once the President signs this bill into law, it will be the first time since 2009 that an individual appropriations bill has been conferenced with the Senate and en-acted before the September 30 fiscal year deadline. Third, this legislation includes $1.1 billion in funding to respond to and stop the spread of the Zika virus. This funding is directed to programs that control mosquitoes, develop vaccines, and treat those affected. This funding is spent responsibly, balanced by $400 million in offsets of unused funding from other programs. Lastly, this legislation includes im-portant provisions that address current national needs, including an additional $37 million to fight the opioid epi-demic, which has struck my district es-pecially hard, and an additional $500 million in disaster-designated funding to help States recover and rebuild from recent destructive flooding. I believe this legislation is a good compromise that this House can and should support. It is not perfect, but it ensures we meet our Nation’s current critical needs. I have said many times before, stand-ing in this exact spot, that a con-tinuing resolution is a last resort. But at this point, it is what we must do to fulfill our congressional responsibility to keep the lights on in our govern-ment. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on this necessary legislation so we can send it to the President’s desk without delay. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of the 2017 con-tinuing resolution. Seven months after President Obama requested emergency assistance to respond to the Zika virus, it is long past time for Congress to act. The $1.1 billion provided equals the total funding the Senate passed by a vote of 89–8 in May. The continuing resolution includes the full-year 2017 appropriations bill for Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, providing $82.7 billion to ad-dress the needs of those who have served our Nation in uniform, as well as construction costs necessary to sup-portive and reserve components of the military and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.061 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6090 September 28, 2016 
It extends current Federal spending rates through December 9, which is suf-ficient time for Congress to negotiate and enact an omnibus consisting of each of the remaining 11 appropriations bills. I object to the inclusion of $400 mil-lion in rescissions in this CR, which could lead some to believe, incorrectly, that emergency spending should be off-set or will be in the future. I also ob-ject to the continuation of a rider shielding corporate political spending from public disclosure. During the lameduck session, Con-gress must enact a Water Resources Development Act conference report that includes robust funding to respond to the manmade disaster in Flint, as well as emergency funding to respond to the natural disaster in Louisiana. I intend to vote for this continuing resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b2100 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. H
ONDA ), the ranking mem-ber of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, we know the Republican majority wants to ad-journ and go home, but we shouldn’t be going home until the work is done. Americans understand that concept. They stay and work until the job is done. So why don’t the Republicans? Here we are, once again, voting on another continuing resolution just hours before a devastating government shutdown. The last shutdown in 2013 cost the American taxpayers $2 billion. Now, that is a lot of money that was wasted because Republicans refused to do their jobs. That was money that could have been used to tackle the Zika outbreak or the water issues in Flint or provide much-needed assist-ance to flood victims in Louisiana. In this last-minute CR, Republicans are finally letting us address Zika. That is after months of ignoring this serious issue. We could have—should have—done better. The pregnant women and children infected with Zika deserve better. The same goes for Flint. After thousands of children are poisoned by lead, we finally have some assurances that the contaminated water supply will be addressed. I am proud to have fought alongside my Democratic colleagues to make sure these children would not continue to be the victims of politics. Even the one job Congress is required to do— fund the government—the majority won’t let us do. Today’s CR does not actually amount to Republicans doing their job. We are simply kicking the can down the road and setting up for another eleventh- hour Band-Aid like tonight to, once again, avert a government shutdown in December. We can do better. We are elected to do better—and better will simply be doing our jobs. That is all the Amer-ican people want from us. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding and wish to engage the gen-tleman from Kentucky, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, in a colloquy. Before I ask the chairman my ques-tion, I want to recognize his efforts for reaching an agreement on a package to fund the government through Decem-ber 9 and include interim aid to the Au-gust 2016 flood victims in south Lou-isiana. Early last month, the people of south Louisiana experienced an extraor-dinary flood event, about a 1,000-year rain event. To put it in perspective, 7 trillion gallons of water fell in about 48 hours. That is roughly the same amount of water discharged by the en-tire Mississippi River system into the Gulf of Mexico over the course of about 80 days. If you live up North, that equates to somewhere in the vicinity of about 25 feet of snow in 36 hours. If you live in Arizona, in some areas, that is up to 10 years of cumulative rainfall. As many as 110,000 homes and more than 100,000 vehicles were damaged. All told, more than 20,000 people were res-cued, 10,000 sheltered, and 13 lost their lives. Early estimates predict that this disaster will cost upward of $15 billion in economic damages, and FEMA esti-mates this will be the fourth most costly flood disaster in U.S. history. Over the past several weeks, the gen-tleman from Kentucky and I have dis-cussed the flood and the extraordinary impact on our State several times. During those meetings, we discussed the devastating impact I just spoke of and the need for both immediate unmet needs assistance as well as a com-prehensive strategy and solution to provide the people of south Louisiana certainty that Congress will address their long-term needs when we return after the election. During those discussions, we dis-cussed—and you acknowledged—that dire situation so many are facing and will face in the coming weeks in south Louisiana—that of handing over their keys and walking away or sticking it out knowing that Congress may pro-vide them with a hand up. Mr. Chairman, families are facing foreclosure, businesses are facing bank-ruptcy, and local communities are struggling to provide basic services such as policing, fire protection, and schooling, among others. The disaster funding provided through this legisla-tion, though helpful, will not address all of the financial challenges our com-munity is facing. That is why I want to engage the chairman tonight. Mr. Chairman, thousands are facing bankruptcy, foreclosure, elevation of homes, need for flood protection, and other financial challenges as a result of the August flood event in south Lou-isiana. Is it your intent, as we discussed, to deliver a package to address the needs of our local communities who des-perately need it when we return? Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I salute the gentleman from Louisiana, who has been tirelessly working to help the people in his dis-trict and the State of Louisiana for the terrible disaster that has stricken that State. I thank you for your efforts to share information about this with me and the committee regarding the dev-astating impacts of the flood. Many of the Members of Congress from across the country that you led to the flooded areas have also reached out to us advo-cating for assistance to Louisiana. It is my intention to work with the White House, my colleagues in the Sen-ate, as well as our respective leadership teams over the coming weeks to head off the personal and fiscal calamity so many are facing in south Louisiana. Sir, you have my commitment to work towards that end. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. The com-mitment to work toward additional re-covery dollars and assistance is the dif-ference between a viable recovery and a decades-long struggling effort in south Louisiana, and I want to thank Chairman R
OGERS for his commitment. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the ranking member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Sub-committee. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this continuing resolution, though I prefer full-year funding for all of the government rather than just through December 9. It is good that this bill funds veterans and military construction programs through next year. While I am pleased that the bill in-cludes $1.1 billion for the Zika public health emergency, I am very dis-appointed that this funding comes 7 months after the President’s emer-gency request and is $800 million short. Zika is a public health crisis that has waited too long to be funded. Congress should have provided this funding before local transmission began in Florida and in Puerto Rico. Zika is long from over, and we will need to provide additional resources to combat the Zika virus in the future. In the interim, this supplemental does address some critical Zika-related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.139 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6091 September 28, 2016 
needs in the U.S. and its territories. It includes $126 million for healthcare services, including, yes, contraceptive services for Puerto Rico and the terri-tories to help nearly 20,000 people in-fected with Zika, including more than 1,300 pregnant women. Another $400 million in the Zika supplemental is for advanced research and development at NIH and BARDA, which will support clinical trials of vaccine candidates and advanced diagnostics. I am pleased that State and local health departments, which are under severe financial strain, will be reim-bursed for $44 million that was taken from their budgets earlier this year. I am disappointed that we are not providing the people of Flint, Michi-gan, with immediate relief after failing to provide emergency resources for over a year. While I support quickly providing emergency assistance to Louisiana, we should do the same to assist the people of Flint—9,000 chil-dren, lead poisoning. I hope that the chairman will have that same commit-ment to Flint, Michigan, as he does to Louisiana. I am also disappointed that this bill contains almost half a percent across- the-board funding cuts. We can and must do better going forward. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. D
ENT), the chairman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Sub-committee and the author of the bill that is before us now. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, the con-tinuing resolution before you includes, in Division A, the full-year appropria-tions for Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies for fiscal year 2017. Division A is exactly the same as the MILCON-VA con-ference report that was approved by the House on June 23. Thanks to the leadership of Chair-man R
OGERS ; Mrs. L OWEY , the ranking member, and the partnership of the subcommittee ranking member, S
AN-
FORD BISHOP , the gentleman from Geor-gia, this conference report was nego-tiated with the Senate and will provide necessary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs and military con-struction projects. This conference report demonstrates our firm commitment to fully sup-porting our Nation’s veterans and serv-icemembers and their families. The total investment is $82.5 billion for Military Construction, VA, and Re-lated Agencies—$2.6 billion over last year’s level. This bill provides comprehensive sup-port for servicemembers, military fam-ilies, and veterans. It supports our troops with the facilities and services necessary to maintain readiness and morale at bases here in the States and, of course, overseas. It provides for De-fense Department schools and health clinics that take care of our military families. The bill funds our veteran healthcare systems to ensure that our promise to care for those who have sacrificed in defense of this great Nation continues as those men and women return home. We owe this to our veterans and are committed to sustained oversight so that programs deliver what they prom-ise and taxpayers are well served by the investments we make. On the military construction side, the bill provides a total of $7.9 billion for military construction projects and family housing, including base and overseas contingency operations, OCO, funding—an increase of $282 million over the President’s request. This funding meets DOD’s most crit-ical needs, including priority projects for the combatant commanders and funding new mission requirements. It provides $304 million for military med-ical facilities. It provides $246 million for Defense Department education fa-cilities, for construction or renovation of four schools. It supports our Guard and Reserve through $673 million for facilities in 21 States. It funds military family housing at $1.3 billion. It pro-vides $178 million for the NATO Secu-rity Investment Program, which is $43 million over last year’s level, to deal with the increasing threats and nec-essary investments overseas. On the VA side, the legislation in-cludes a total of $74.4 billion in discre-tionary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs. That is $2.9 billion above the fiscal year 2016. VA medical services, the bill funds VA medical services at $58.8 billion. Many Members expressed concerns about medical services, and we were able to fully fund the budget request for hepatitis C at $1.5 billion—and I be-lieve that is about 70,000 veterans who will be treated for hepatitis C—veteran homelessness at $1.6 billion, long-term care at $8.6 billion, Office of the Inspec-tor General at $160 million, and care-giver stipends at $735 million, $10 mil-lion over the request. For disability claims, we provide $30 million over the request for the Vet-erans Benefits Administration, which is a $148 million increase over fiscal year 2016, and the full request for the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, which is about a $46 million increase. The bill will enhance transparency and accountability at the VA through further oversight and an increase for the VA Office of Inspector General’s independent audits and investigations. The legislation also contains $260 million for the modernization of the VA electronic health record and in-cludes language restricting the funding until the VA meets milestones and cer-tifies interoperability to meet statu-tory requirements. This, of course, is a major priority for the committee. I know the chairman and the ranking member have spoken at length about the integrated health record, and we have to get this done. Major construction—we continue to focus on major construction oversight and maintain strict requirements, in-cluding holding back 100 percent of the funding for the largest construction projects until VA meets our require-ments. We include bill language requiring improved standards for the suicide hot-line and certification of mental health therapists to expand access for vet-erans who need their care. We include major new whistleblower protections for VA employees to avoid retribution for the employees. In closing, this is a very solid, bipar-tisan bill that is focused on the needs of servicemembers, veterans, and all their families. We are $2.6 billion—$2.6 billion with a B—over the fiscal year 2016 level; more than a 3 percent in-crease. We have provided for our mili-tary and veterans to the very best level we can in a manner that is fiscally re-sponsible within the constraints of the Budget Act we adopted last year. We are going to do a lot of good with this bill. It is fair, it is balanced, and it is generous. On behalf of our servicemembers, military families, and veterans, I urge support of this legislation. Let’s take care of those who sacrificed so much for our country. I urge support of the resolution with an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Once again, I thank the chair, the ranking member, and Mr. BISHOP for all their support of this legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the ranking member of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Subcommittee. I am so pleased that Mr. B
ISHOP and Chairman D
ENTwere able to craft such an out-standing bill to really support our vet-erans who have served us with such dis-tinction. b2115 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, division A of the MILCON/VA portion provides robust funding for military construction and provides adequate funding for both the Active and Reserve components. I was pleased the bill provides $35 million above the FY17 budget request to help speed up the cleanup of former Defense Department sites within the Base Realignment and Closure Ac-count. The bill provides $74.4 billion, $3 bil-lion above the FY16-enacted level in discretionary funding for VA programs. I believe that these resources will have a profound impact on the lives of our Nation’s veterans. A couple of VA items that I want to highlight are the $1.5 billion for hepatitis C treatment, which is $840 million above the Presi-dent’s request. In addition, the bill includes $78 mil-lion for the Veterans Crisis Line and, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.141 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6092 September 28, 2016 
overall, $173 million for suicide preven-tion. Furthermore, language is in-cluded that requires certain profes-sional standards for the suicide hot-line. This is a topic that many Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle were con-cerned about, and I think that we have taken some important steps for it to function better. Mr. Speaker, the funding provided will help the Department of Veterans Affairs provide better care and better service to our veterans. I believe that the resources provided in the bill will help lead to the elimination of a claims backlog, which is now under $75,000, down from a high of $650,000. The bill includes healthy funding for the Board of Veterans’ Appeals. Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, the bill carries the authorization for several major construction projects that were previously funded. I believe it is past time to get these projects going be-cause the demand on the VA is going to grow. As I stated earlier, the MILCON/VA portion of this package is a good one and is one that I think we can all be proud of. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman R
OGERS , Ranking Member L
OWEY , and my colleague and friend Chairman D
ENT for their hard work on this bill. I couldn’t have asked for better partners in conducting our business and fashioning a bipartisan bill. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and for joining me in pushing for us to reach the point that we have, where we now have not all the funding we need, but $1.1 billion to fi-nally fight the Zika virus without also fighting the political weight that had weighed it down for many, many months. While I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2017 continuing resolution, I also rise to express my significant ob-jections to the delay in bringing this bill to the floor with funds to attack the Zika virus. In south Florida, we have waited more than 7 months for congressional Republicans to drop their political games and approve funding to stop the spread of the Zika virus. South Flor-ida, as many probably know by now, is the epicenter for this virus. And yes-terday, the Florida Department of Health confirmed its 900th case of the Zika virus. Despite this hefty toll, Congressional Republicans repeatedly put partisan politics before women’s health care and inserted a provision in the Zika bills that would have cut off funding for Planned Parenthood. My Republican colleagues spent much of the past 9 months firm in their belief that the most appropriate response to a virus that overwhelmingly affects pregnant women was to place a politically moti-vated ban on funding for reproductive health care, and that was unaccept-able. This is shameful conduct that hurt women all across Florida and Puerto Rico. And while some may praise today’s agreement as a breakthrough and the end of our action on Zika, I must warn my colleagues that the mosquitos that carry the Zika virus do not know if they are biting a Republican or a Dem-ocrat, they don’t know whether they are in Florida or Georgia or Michigan or Louisiana or any other State, or whether Congress has passed an elev-enth-hour stopgap funding bill. They simply bite you and infect you with Zika. And because of that risk, our work in defeating this virus is far from over. We must drop the politics and stop playing politics with women’s health. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the Appropria-tions Committee for yielding. And I thank her for her great work being in-volved in the appropriations process, which I shared with her for many years, but a place where so many of our values are reflected by how we allocate our resources. I particularly want to thank Congresswoman N
ITA LOWEY , Congresswoman D
EBBIE WASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Congresswoman R OSA D
ELAURO for their relentless, per-sistent, constant advocacy for this Flint money. As you know, Mr. Speaker, it was February when President Obama sent over a request for $1.9 billion to address the Zika crisis. This was an amount of money based on expert advice and was related to scientific evidence. It re-lated to how we would do research for a vaccine, how we would do vector con-trol, how we would do prevention, and, as our colleagues have mentioned, how we address the issue that this is a very unusual situation because it is sexually transmitted, and we had the obstacle of saying no contraception, which held us up for awhile. So today, finally, we come to the floor, and I think it is very important that we take the action that we do. But I do want to remind you that $1.1 bil-lion is still $800 million short of the $1.9 billion the President requested. Some of that other money was taken from the Ebola resources, which were sorely needed, and continue to be need-ed there. So while this is an important, giant step, it is not complete in terms of what we need to do. The continuing resolution before us must recognize that more than 23,000 Americans, including almost 2,100 preg-nant women, have been infected with Zika. The bill falls short, as I said, of the $1.9 billion that top public health officials said is the full amount re-quired to protect American commu-nities. But I would say this. I think there are some good intentions in a bipar-tisan way of the distinguished chair-man of the Appropriations Committee and others, working with Congress-woman LOWEY , Congresswoman D
ELAURO , and Congresswoman W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , to think in terms of anticipation rather than reaction that perhaps we could have a FEMA- like fund for disasters of this kind that affect the public health. The public health system is a strength of our country, and when it is threatened, we must have the resources to protect it. So perhaps out of this long delay, one of the things that could come together is a conversation that says, let’s have FEMA-like biomedical research, what-ever it happens to be, reaction to a public health emergency that enables us to do the research necessary to pro-tect the public health of the American people. Earlier tonight, the House took an important, long overdue step toward addressing a man-made disaster in Flint, Michigan. The success of the Flint amendment is a tribute to the leadership of Congressman D
ANKILDEE , who has been an absolute lion—a lion— for the children and families of Flint throughout this crisis. Thanks to Con-gressman K
ILDEE , we have sent a mes-sage of hope to the people of Flint. It is my hope that in the House-Sen-ate WRDA conference, we can move forward the Flint assistance that over-whelmingly passed the Senate by 95–3 earlier this month. With strong bipar-tisan support, the amendment passed earlier this month. While we would have preferred to de-liver those funds to the children of Flint in this bill, we are at least on a path to meaningful action, and that is important to mention. In this bill—and our distinguished chairman made this reference, and cer-tainly our distinguished ranking mem-ber on the committee, Mr. B
ISHOP , made the point about what the bill contains to increase the funding for the military and veteran caregivers. So much is in this bill about veterans. And as they say in the military, on the battlefield, we leave no soldier behind; and when they come home, we leave no veteran behind. So many in this room on both sides of the aisle have been champions in that, and certainly our ranking member, Mr. B
ISHOP . I particularly want to highlight that in this bill, we have increased funding for our military and veteran care-givers, strengthening the support for America’s hidden heroes. The hidden heroes were named such by Senator, Secretary—she carries many titles— Elizabeth Dole. Yesterday, in the United States Cap-itol Visitor Center theater, hundreds of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.143 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6093 September 28, 2016 
caregivers of our military and veteran families came together to talk about the shared challenges that they have to be engaged in a Hidden Heroes launch, the launching of cities in conjunction with the actions of the Hidden Heroes initiative. I am proud to be a cochair with the Hidden Heroes Congressional Caucus with Senator M
CCAINand Sen-ator R
EEDon the Senate side and our chairman, Congressman J
EFF MILLER , on the House side. In this bill, there is $10 million to boost the VA caregivers initiatives that will help address the increasing demand on VA services as servicemem-bers continue to come home to their families. Hidden heroes, do you know how many there are? 5.5 million mili-tary and veteran caregivers in our country. How these families raise their children, care for their loved ones, sib-lings, spouses, children is remarkable, and this legislation recognizes that need to assist with training and all. We must ensure that the VA can meet the demand of a growing popu-lation of caregivers, hiring more staff and coordinators to make sure vet-erans and their families, friends, and loved ones get the services they earned and deserve. With this CR, we will keep the gov-ernment open and prevent any self-in-flicted wounds to our economy that had been inflicted before. I want to especially thank our rank-ing member, N
ITALOWEY , for her lead-ership in helping to craft this bipar-tisan path forward. I thank our distin-guished chairman for his leadership. I extend my gratitude to the Speaker for us coming together to address the issue of Flint, which has enabled us to come forward in this legislation. For that reason, I will be supporting this legis-lation. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), a member of the Homeland Security Committee and the Judiciary Committee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me associate myself with the words of our leader. Let me also thank Ranking Member L
OWEY , all of the appropri-ators, and the chairman of the Appro-priations Committee. This is a terrible time to shut the government down. So I rise today to support this CR for a number of rea-sons. A few months ago, in Houston, Texas, I organized the regional Zika Virus Task Force. The committee members, representing public and private health professionals, talked about active sur-veillance, were concerned about the number of infections among pregnant women, and talked as well about the issue of mosquito control, research, and a vaccination. b2130 I am glad that some of the funds here will be able to help us in dealing with these issues—long overdue. Coming from a flood-ridden State, let me say that I appreciate the funding for Baton Rouge. I thank those who were in-volved, particularly CEDRIC RICHMOND , who, on our side of the aisle, worked so very hard. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tlewoman. Mr. Speaker, I also want to make mention of the Flint dollars. We have worked very hard with the Michigan delegation on the issue of Flint fund-ing. I am glad that the amendment of Mr. K
ILDEE and others passed in the WRDA bill, but we must deal with that question as well. Where we are is that we are keeping hardworking employees and govern-ment services going. We are helping our veterans. We are making sure health services are going forward. We are making sure the necessary facili-ties that our public uses will be open. What a shame to have closed a number of these facilities that are so impor-tant. As we go forward, in coming from Houston and in having experienced the tax day floods and the Memorial Day floods, I am looking forward to work-ing with the appropriators for fund-ing—that will help us do a massive study on the bayous in the region— with an amendment that I have sub-mitted to the energy and water bill. Finally, I would say that it is time that we recognize that government worked for the American people, and what we have to do is not borrow to pay Paul. We should have given the $1.9 billion in Zika funding. It is $1.1 bil-lion, but I think we can do better, and I hope we will do so. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the distinguished whip of the House and a champion for the people in his State and in his district during their devastating floods. Mr. SCALISE. I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his leadership in bringing this critical piece of legisla-tion forward. Mr. Speaker, I specifically want to talk about the important language that is in this bill to help the people of south Louisiana recover from the dev-astating flooding that we saw last month. Over 100,000 houses were dam-aged, and thousands of families are still making the decision of whether or not they are going to be able to re-build. This legislation gives them not only hope but a serious down payment so that people will know that the Fed-eral Government is there to help them get back in their homes and rebuild their communities at such a vital stage. We saw so many positive things come out of the resiliency of the people of Louisiana. You saw the Cajun Navy— citizens—just helping their fellow neighbors, saving people’s lives over and over again, and faith-based organi-zations coming together. When you see the worst of times, like we did during that tragic flooding, you also see the best in people, and this bill makes a se-rious down payment to help those peo-ple get back in their homes and rebuild their communities. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill so that we can do the work of the people of this great Nation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I inquire of the gentleman from Kentucky if he has any further requests for time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I am ready to close. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, for all of these reasons that you have heard tonight, we need to pass this bill to keep the government operating—and keep the lights on in the government—and to provide the as-sistance to the Nation’s needs, as you have heard described here. I urge the adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, it is disappointing that, once again, Republican leaders have failed to com-plete the appropriations process on time, and decided that critical govern-ment funding decisions can be delayed until December. While I will vote for tonight’s Continuing Resolution so that our government can keep func-tioning, I will cast my vote in the hope that Congress will act in December to pass an omnibus spending bill that does more to create jobs, bolster paychecks, improve our infrastructure, and keep our country safe. The CR includes a badly needed and long-overdue $1.1 billion to fund our fight against the Zika virus. While I would have preferred a bill that funded President Obama’s $1.9 billion Zika re-quest, the funding in this resolution is an important first step in helping us to combat Zika’s terrible threat. In addi-tion, I am pleased that Republican leaders agreed to stop tying this fund-ing to partisan political tactics, such as gutting the Clean Water Act. However, I am concerned about sev-eral elements of the CR. For example, it hobbles the Export-Import Bank’s ability to help American businesses and workers and it prevents the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission from making public companies’ political spending more transparent. Again, I will vote for this CR to keep government doors open. I hope the De-cember omnibus will address the de-fects I described, and endeavor on many fronts to make our nation more prosperous and secure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 901, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OG-
ERS). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.144 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6094 September 28, 2016 
The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to concur will be followed by 5-minute votes on the passage of H.R. 6094 and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 342, nays 85, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 573] YEAS—342 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—85 
Amash Babin Black Blackburn Blumenauer Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Conyers Davidson DeFazio DesJarlais Dingell Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Flores Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Griffith Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee King (IA) Labrador LaHood Lawrence Levin Long Marchant Marino Massie McDermott Meadows Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Palmer Pearce Perry Pitts Pompeo Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Stutzman Walker Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Westmoreland Williams Wittman 
NOT VOTING—5 
Ca´rdenas Kirkpatrick Payne Poe (TX) Rush 
b2156 Messrs. ROSKAM, CONYERS, and RUSSELL changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. HURT of Virginia, LAM-BORN, ROUZER, and POSEY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 573. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO ANNE BRADBURY (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I have the bittersweet task tonight of paying tribute to a valued member of our team, one of the most widely re-spected people in this institution. That is our director of floor operations, Anne Bradbury. As many Members now know, this is her last week on the job. When we re-turn in November, this House will con-vene without Anne on the floor for the first time in 11 years. It was Speaker John Boehner who had the good sense to hire Anne for this post, and it is not hard to figure out why he did that. She is just abso-lutely first class, the absolute consum-mate professional, always focused on getting the job done. There may be times when we get hung up on small things, trying to figure out what the heck just happened on the floor, and she is always out there working on the plan for the next steps a mile ahead of everybody else. When everybody else is thinking short term, she is out there thinking long term, and not only in terms of this vote or that bill, but how to protect this institution. Anne Bradbury has been here for 11 years, protecting both the majority and the minority. She fights for this House as an institution, and I am sure that Leader P
ELOSI and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) would agree with that. As for me, Anne, I hope you thought through how this is a huge inconven-ience for me. Who am I going to call when we are in a jam? Who do we get to take all the chocolate that is gifted to our office every day? Anne has been such an indispensable help to us, especially taking the job in the middle of a session, not having ex-perience doing something like this. I just can’t conceive of having gone through this past year without this brilliant woman. The last point I want to make is this. To do such a big job so well for so long, as Anne has, takes certain things. It takes a really thick skin, for one, but it takes a very, very deep desire to serve, and you have to have the support of the ones that you love. Anne has two great boys, John and Clayton, and they are 7 and 8 years old—great kids. On so many nights, just like this night tonight, they have had to share their mom with us. We owe them a debt of gratitude. And I want to say on behalf of every single Member of the House of Rep-resentatives: Anne Bradbury, thank you for serving this institution. Thank you for serving the people’s House. You will be sorely missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.146 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6095 September 28, 2016 
b2200 It is my pleasure to yield to the dis-tinguished leader, Mr. H
OYER . Mr. HOYER. I thank the Speaker for yielding. Anne, apparently my colleagues did not understand the gravity of this oc-casion, the solemnness of this occasion, and they did not dress accordingly, ap-parently. Anne, I want you to know that I just left the Crown Prince of Denmark and Princess Mary because I told them I had to come see Queen Anne. I have risen before and talked about our extraordinary staff, the people who really make this institution what it wants to be. They are the best of us, whether they are at the desk, whether they are with the Sergeant at Arms, whether they are recording our de-bates; and the best of them who has one of the toughest jobs is to help us, as the Speaker has said, manage this floor. Sitting next to me is Shuwanza Goff. She is the floor director on our side. You cannot leave. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I tried that. Mr. HOYER. Anne, as the Speaker so well said, serves us all. Shuwanza does as well because their job, as the Speak-er has so well stated, is to help make this institution work in a democratic nation to make our citizens proud. Very frankly, if they knew the work of Anne Bradbury and others who work on this floor, the level of their pride would be much higher than sometimes it is, because they are people of extraor-dinary ability, great reticence and fair-ness in dealing with Members, all 435 of us. Anne, you have been a shining exam-ple of the best that is in this House. You have always been quick to share your views as to what needed to be done. You were always fair when any of us talked to you—I know, when I talked to you. There were differences, of course, as one would expect, but there was no acrimony. There was no judgment. There was simply an at-tempt to make sure that this institu-tion was working well. Anne, we will miss you. The Speaker, as he says, will be inconvenienced. We will be sad, and we will be a lesser place for your leaving. You also worked with my chief of staff, Alexis Covey- Brandt, who was at one point in time the floor director. Both Shuwanza and Alexis have unrestrained respect and affection for you. You have made us all better. Whatever you do in the future, I know you will bring the same quality, the same commitment, the same en-ergy, the same judgment, the same fairness, and they will be advantaged, as we have been. Godspeed. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I thank the whip. REGULATORY RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, SCHOOLS, AND NONPROFITS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 6094) to provide for a 6- month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relat-ing to income thresholds for deter-mining overtime pay for executive, ad-ministrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 246, nays 177, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 574] YEAS—246 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—177 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Carter (TX) Cramer Grijalva Hanna Kirkpatrick Payne Poe (TX) Rush 
b2214 Mr. HUFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.149 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6096 September 28, 2016 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 5325 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table (S. Con. Res. 53) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 53 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That, in the enroll-ment of the bill H.R. 5325, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the fol-lowing correction to the title so as to read: ‘‘Making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was con-curred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMEMBERING ARNOLD PALMER (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, last Sun-day, we said goodbye to a true Amer-ican hero, not just in the golf world but in American life. Arnold Palmer was larger than life, both on and off the golf course. After learning to play golf at age 4, he never quit and changed the sport forever. The ‘‘King,’’ as he was known, had 62 vic-tories on the PGA Tour, including 7 majors and 10 on the Champions Tour, not to mention his own signature drink that delighted the masses for genera-tions. Mr. Speaker, I have the honor of rep-resenting the 12th District of Georgia and the good people who live and work there. Georgia’s 12th Congressional District is home to the Augusta Na-tional, which hosts the most famous Masters tournament. In Augusta, we consider Arnold Palmer one of our own. He won the coveted green jacket four times: 1958, 1960, 1962, and 1964. He took the Masters and golf to a whole new level in the sports world. The Masters will never be the same. Like Tiger Woods said, ‘‘It’s hard to imagine golf without him.’’ I am not sure we even want to. Arnie’s Army mourns together. We remember the king of golf, the leg-endary Arnold Palmer. Arnie, you will be sorely missed. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RODNEY NOEL ELLIS, SR. (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of the late Mr. Rodney Noel Ellis, Sr., a dedicated pub-lic servant and immediate past presi-dent of the North Carolina Association of Educators. Throughout his entire career, Rodney was a talented teacher and a steadfast advocate for North Carolina’s students and educators, who worked relentlessly to improve public schools and fought tirelessly for equal and quality edu-cation. A cherished friend and confidant, I never met anyone who worked harder or gave more than Rodney Ellis. He will not only be remembered as our champion for education and kids, but as a dedicated and devoted family man who loved his wife and five children. He was an inspiration. His loss will be felt throughout our entire State. Rodney was a titan with a gentile spirit and a heart of gold. North Caro-lina has lost one of her most extraor-dinary educators and one of her great-est leaders. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with Rodney’s family, his friends, and our community. 
f 
b2220 BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we approach October to recognize Breast Cancer Awareness Month. The statistics are sobering: one in eight women will get breast cancer in her lifetime. After being diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 41, I quickly under-stood the importance of knowing your risk for breast cancer. I learned that, as an Ashkenazi Jewish woman, my chances of having the BRCA mutation linked to breast cancer were signifi-cantly higher. That is why in 2009 I introduced the EARLY Act, which equips young women with the tools they need to make informed decisions about their breast health. Though we have made significant advances on some fronts, there is still work to be done. For ex-ample, there has been no statistically significant improvement in survival rates for the metastatic cancer com-munity in the past 20 years. We must do more to support those who are affected by this deadly disease and do everything we can to eradicate breast cancer once and for all. f 
PROVIDING FOR AN ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged concurrent reso-lution (H. Con. Res. 166) and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the concurrent reso-lution as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 166 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That when the House ad-journs on any legislative day from Wednes-day, September 28, 2016, through Friday, No-vember 11, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, November 14, 2016, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM WEDNES-DAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2016, TO FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today on a motion of-fered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 10:30 a.m. on Friday, Sep-tember 30, 2016, unless it sooner has re-ceived a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in House Concurrent Resolution 166, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? There was no objection. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1475. An act to authorize a Wall of Re-membrance as part of the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remem-brance. H.R. 2494. An act to support global anti- poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.151 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6097 September 28, 2016 
partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1004. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to encourage the nationwide ob-servance of two minutes of silence each Vet-erans Day. S. 1698. An act to exclude payments from State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. S. 1878.An act to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. S. 2683. An act to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until 10:30 a.m. on Friday, September 30, 2016, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 166, in which case the House shall stand ad-journed pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7011. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2015 Inventory of Contracted Services, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2330a(c)(1); Public Law 107-107, Sec. 801(c)(1) (as amended by Public Law 112-81, Sec. 936(a)(1)); (125 Stat. 1545); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7012. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Robin R. Braun, United States Navy Reserve, and her advancement to the grade of vice admi-ral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7013. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Robert P. Otto, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7014. A letter from the Administrator, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Technical Mapping Advi-sory Council National Flood Mapping Pro-gram Review for June 2016, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 4101d; Public Law 113-89, Sec. 17; (128 Stat. 1027); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7015. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Regulations and Legislation, Of-fice of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Equal Access in Accordance With an Individual’s Gender Identity in Community Planning and Devel-opment Programs [Docket No.: FR 5863-F-02] (RIN: 2506-AC40) received September 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 7016. A letter from the Director, Direc-torate of Whistleblower Protection Pro-grams, Occupational Safety and Health Ad-ministration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Proce-dures for the Handling of Retaliation Com-plaints Under the Employee Protection Pro-vision of the Seaman’s Protection Act, as Amended [Docket No.: OSHA-2011-0841] (RIN: 1218-AC58) received September 28, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7017. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of As-sets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Pay-ing Benefits received September 27, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7018. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s semi-annual report on En-ergy Conservation Standards Activities for August 2016, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15834; Pub-lic Law 109-58, Sec. 141(b); (119 Stat. 648); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7019. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Report to Congress on the Prevention and Reduction of Underage Drinking for Sep-tember 2016, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 290bb- 25b(c)(1)(F); Public Law 109-422, Sec. 2; (120 Stat. 2892); ; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7020. A letter from the Executive Director, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 2015 Annual Report to the President and Congress, pursu-ant to 15 U.S.C. 2076(j); Public Law 92-573, Sec. 27(j) (as amended by Public Law 110-314, Sec. 209(a)); (122 Stat. 3046); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7021. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of Three Synthetic Phenethylamines Into Schedule I [Docket No.: DEA-423] received September 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7022. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-059, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7023. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-065, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7024. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. 16-077, pursu-ant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7025. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-049, pursuant to Section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7026. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and des-ignation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7027. A letter from the Chair and CEO, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Releasing Information; Availability of Records of the Farm Credit Administration; FOIA Fees (RIN: 3052-AD18) received September 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7028. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s small entity compli-ance guide — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-91 [Docket No.: FAR-2016-0051, Sequence No.: 5] received September 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7029. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amend-ments [FAC 2005-91; Item XI; Docket No.: 2016-0052; Sequence No.: 4] received Sep-tember 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7030. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Limitation on Al-lowable Government Contractor Employee Compensation Costs [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2014-012; Item X; Docket No.: 2014-0012; Se-quence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AM75) received Sep-tember 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7031. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Contractors Per-forming Private Security Functions [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2014-018; Item IX; Docket No.: 2014-0018, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000- AN07) received September 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7032. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Amendment Relat-ing to Multi-year Contract Authority for Ac-quisition of Property [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2016-006; Item VII; Docket No.: 2016-0006, Se-quence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN24) received Sep-tember 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7033. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.072 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6098 September 28, 2016 
the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Consolidation and Bundling [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2014-015; Item VI; Docket No.: 2014-0015, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AM92) received September 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7034. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Unique Identifica-tion of Entities Receiving Federal Awards [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2015-022; Item V; Docket No.: 2015-0022, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN00) received September 28, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7035. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Sole Source Con-tracts for Women-Owned Small Businesses [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2015-032; Item IV; Docket No.: 2015-0032; Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN13) received September 28, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7036. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s interim rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Non-Retaliation for Disclosure of Compensation Information [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2016-007; Item III; Docket No.: 2016-0007; Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN10) received September 28, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7037. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Updating Federal Contractor Reporting of Veterans’ Employ-ment [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2015-036; Item II; Docket No.: 2015-0036, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN14) received September 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7038. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’ final rule — Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Prohibition on Con-tracting with Corporations with Delinquent Taxes or a Felony Conviction [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2015-011; Item I; Docket No.: 2015- 0011, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN05) re-ceived September 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7039. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s summery presentation of interim and final rules — Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; Federal Acquisition Cir-cular 2005-91; Introduction [Docket No.: FAR 2016-0051, Sequence No.: 5] received Sep-tember 28, 206, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7040. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; New Designated Countries-Ukraine and Moldova [FAC 2005-91; FAR Case 2016-009; Item VIII; Docket No.: 2016-0009, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN25) received September 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7041. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, United States Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting two no-tifications of nomination, action on nomina-tion, and change in previously submitted re-ported information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7042. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Na-tional Forest System, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the final map and pe-rimeter boundary description for the Skagit Wild and Scenic River, in Washington, added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Sys-tem, pursuant to 16 U.S.C. 1274(b); Public Law 90-542, Sec. 3(b) (as amended by Public Law 100-534, Sec. 501); (102 Stat. 2708); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7043. A letter from the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: Status Update to the House and Sen-ate’’, pursuant to 48 U.S.C. 2196(g); Public Law 114-187, Sec. 409(g); (130 Stat. 593); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7044. A letter from the Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a re-cent decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, Pursuing America’s Greatness v. Federal Election Commission, ——-F. 3d-——, 2016 WL 4087943 (D.C. Cir. Aug. 2, 2016); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7045. A letter from the Counsel to the Clerk, United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, transmitting an opinion of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, United States v. Wolfname, No. 15-8025, 2016 U.S. App. LEXIS 15778 (10th Cir. Aug 26, 2016); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7046. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund (RIN: 1505-AC52) received Sep-tember 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7047. A letter from the Deputy Secretary and Acting Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense, transmitting the Departments’ FY 2015 An-nual Joint Report, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8111(f)(1); Public Law 96-22, Sec. 301(a) (as added by Public Law 97-174, Sec. 3(a)(3)); (96 Stat. 73); jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 4092. A bill to re-authorize the sound recording and film pres-ervation programs of the Library of Con-gress, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–703 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 5227. A bill to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all forms, to establish a National Collection Stewardship Fund for the processing and storage of col-lection materials of the Library of Congress, and to provide for the continuation of serv-ice of returning members of Joint Com-mittee on the Library at beginning of a Con-gress (Rept. 114–706 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. DENT: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Represent-ative David McKinley (Rept. 114–795). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 2261. A bill to facilitate the continued development of the commercial remote sensing industry and protect national security; with an amendment (Rept. 114–796). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 2263. A bill to rename the Office of Space Commerce and for other purposes (Rept. 114–797). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5311. A bill to improve the quality of proxy advisory firms for the pro-tection of investors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fostering ac-countability, transparency, responsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry, with an amendment (Rept. 114–798). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5429. A bill to improve the consideration by the Securities and Ex-change Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders (Rept. 114–799). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 901. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–800). Referred to the House Cal-endar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4092 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5227 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCALISE (for himself and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 6195. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow charitable organi-zations to make statements relating to polit-ical campaigns if such statements are made in the ordinary course of carrying out its tax exempt purpose; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28SE7.000 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6099 September 28, 2016 
H.R. 6196. A bill to amend the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to ensure com-munity accountability for areas repetitively damaged by floods, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6197. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide loan deferment and loan cancellation for founders and em-ployees of small business start-ups, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, and Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. B
ARLETTA , and Mr. G OHMERT ): H.R. 6198. A bill to provide that no alien may be naturalized as a citizen of the United States until such time as the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement completes the digitization of all remaining paper-based fingerprint records for inclusion in the Automated Biometric Identification System (IDENT) of the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6199. A bill to require the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion to complete a study on the human health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) contami-nation in drinking water; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HECK of Washington (for him-self, Mr. K
ILMER , and Ms. D ELBENE): H.R. 6200. A bill to provide for the issuance of a Puget Sound Restoration Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6201. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act with respect to the moni-toring program for unregulated contami-nants, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 6202. A bill to amend the Act popu-larly known as the Rivers and Harbors Ap-propriation Act of 1915 to prohibit the estab-lishment of certain anchorage grounds with-in five miles of a nuclear power plant, a loca-tion on the national register of historic places, a superfund site, or critical habitat of an endangered species, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H.R. 6203. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to carry out a STEM grant pro-gram; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6204. A bill to amend section 262 of the Museum and Library Services Act to author-ize the Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Service to award grants to insti-tutions of higher education for courses that use only publicly available digital resources for required reading assignments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6205. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow certain payments made by public service employees to qualify for public service repayment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6206. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to authorize certain stu-dents in retain financial aid eligibility while completing a drug rehabilitation program; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. VALADAO (for himself, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. N UNES , and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 6207. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make certain improve-ments in scheduling veterans for health care appointments; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H.R. 6208. A bill to require continued and enhanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Reli-gious Freedom on anti-Semitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European gov-ernments, the European Union, and civil so-ciety groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. S IRES): H.R. 6209. A bill to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6210. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to strengthen accountability of authorized pub-lic chartering agencies and reduce charter school authorizing misconduct; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. M
ENG, Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. B ERA, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. P
INGREE , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois): H.R. 6211. A bill to provide protection for survivors of domestic violence or sexual as-sault under the Fair Housing Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H.R. 6212. A bill to authorize the Depart-ment of Energy to assess and score new and existing homes for the cost-effective reduc-tion in the energy use, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. HECK of Washington (for him-self, Mrs. NOEM, Mr. C OLE, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. K IL-
MER): H.R. 6213. A bill to direct the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund to perform an outreach program for the new markets tax credit to underserved commu-nities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 6214. A bill to provide for consider-ation of the extension under the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No-Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6215. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt from the indi-vidual health insurance mandate certain low-income individuals residing in States that have not elected the Medicaid expan-sion under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6216. A bill to require State and local law enforcement agencies to submit informa-tion about law enforcement investigations to the Attorney General, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6217. A bill to require States and units of local government to have in place laws re-quiring law enforcement officers to submit reports when an individual is injured or killed by such a law enforcement officer in the course of the officer’s employment as a condition on receiving certain grant funding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 6218. A bill to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 6219. A bill to amend the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to ensure that individuals who are found to have stored classified information on unse-cured servers are disqualified from receiving security clearances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for herself, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. C APU-
ANO): H.R. 6220. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28SE7.100 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6100 September 28, 2016 
major medical facility leases of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , and Mr. H URD of Texas): H.R. 6221. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Don Stephens, President and Founder of Mercy Ships, in recognition of his 38 years of service as the leader of a humani-tarian relief organization that exemplifies the compassionate character of America; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 6222. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require publication of infor-mation pertaining to the persons partici-pating in the rule making, and on the basis on which the rule is made, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISSA (for himself and Mr. V
ARGAS ): H.R. 6223. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide that a national of the United States may only bring a claim against a foreign state for an injury which was caused by international terrorism and which occurred on September 11, 2001, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. S
E-
WELL of Alabama, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 6224. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote the inclusion of minorities and women in clinical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. M
AX-
INEWATERS of California, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 6225. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to require Federal reserve banks to interview at least one individual reflective of gender diversity and one individual reflec-tive of racial or ethnic diversity when ap-pointing Federal reserve bank presidents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. T HORNBERRY , and Mr. G OH-
MERT ): H.R. 6226. A bill to delay the Medicare demonstration for pre-claim review of home health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BERA (for himself and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 6227. A bill to provide for a com-prehensive interdisciplinary research and de-velopment initiative to strengthen the ca-pacity of the electricity sector to neutralize cyber attacks; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6228. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the alternative fuel and alternative fuel mixture credits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. H UDSON , and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 6229. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain mili-tary trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. A DAMS , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 6230. A bill to ensure that seniors, vet-erans, and people with disabilities who re-ceive Social Security and certain other Fed-eral benefits receive a $250 payment in the event that no cost-of-living adjustment is payable in a calendar year; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infra-structure, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. H AHN, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 6231. A bill to carry out an income- contingent repayment program for Federal Interest Free Education Loans for under-graduate students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. M
ACARTHUR ): H.R. 6232. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Commission on the Advance-ment of Social Enterprise, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. S AM J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. W
ILLIAMS ): H.R. 6233. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. COOK: H.R. 6234. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for penalties for the sale of any Purple Heart awarded to a mem-ber of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6235. A bill a bill to transfer certain land from the Secretary of the Army, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. H
INOJOSA , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H.R. 6236. A bill to elevate the teaching profession through systemic innovations in teacher recruitment and retention to ensure that students, especially those from low-in-come families, are taught by excellent, well- prepared, and well-supported teachers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6237. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to coordinate the reduction in the American Opportunity Tax Credit with Federal Pell Grants, to the extent such grants are attributable to expenses not eligi-ble for such credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Ms. KUSTER , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 6238. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a program for issuing identity protection personal identi-fication numbers (IP PINs) to adopted chil-dren for purposes of tax administration; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 6239. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve Federal Pell Grants and loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
OLD, and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 6240. A bill to accelerate reductions in climate pollution in order to leave a better planet for future generations, and to create a bipartisan commission to develop economi-cally viable policies to achieve science-based emissions reduction targets; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 6241. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for reciprocal marketing approval of certain drugs, biological products, and devices that are authorized to be lawfully marketed abroad, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Rules, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6242. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to adjust the rate of in-come tax of a publicly traded corporation based on the ratio of compensation of the corporation’s highest paid employee to the median compensation of all the corpora-tion’s employees; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself and Mr. R
OONEY of Florida): H.R. 6243. A bill to improve the ability of the Federal Government to address synthetic opioids, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28SE7.100 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6101 September 28, 2016 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi): H.R. 6244. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain non-significant investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions as qualifying capital instruments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for him-self and Mr. L
AMALFA ): H.R. 6245. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sell Pershing Hall, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 6246. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the indexing of certain assets for purposes of determining gain or loss of eligible individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FLEMING: H.R. 6247. A bill to provide for stability of title to certain lands in the State of Lou-isiana, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. W
OODALL ): H.R. 6248. A bill to establish a direct spend-ing safeguard limitation on any direct spend-ing program without a specific level of au-thorized spending, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6249. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to provide for a macadamia tree health ini-tiative, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H.R. 6250. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow qualified entre-preneurs to temporarily defer Federal stu-dent loan payments after starting a new business; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6251. A bill to promote transparency by permitting the Public Company Account-ing Oversight Board to allow its disciplinary proceedings to be open to the public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6252. A bill to make any city or coun-ty that has in effect any law or ordinance that is in violation of Federal immigration law ineligible for any Federal grant, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6253. A bill to establish an advisory commission to examine licensing and certifi-cation challenges confronting members of the Armed Forces and their spouses upon post-service entry into the civilian work-force and to make recommendations to Con-gress for the development of a new class of uniform veteran’s certifications for selected occupations that can be accepted by States and United States territories; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. E
DWARDS ): H.R. 6254. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to prohibit schools and li-braries that receive universal service sup-port from blocking Internet access to les-bian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C AL-
VERT , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D
ENT, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H
ECK of Nevada, Mr. H ILL, Mr. L
AMALFA , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M
ARINO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. M
ENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S ALM-
ON, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S MITH of Mis-souri, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B ECERRA , and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 6255. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Norman Yoshio Mineta in rec-ognition of his courageous, principled dedi-cation to public service, civic engagement, and civil rights; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6256. A bill to provide temporary visi-tation to spouses of United States citizens; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6257. A bill to amend title 14, United States Code, to provide for nominations of individuals for appointment as Coast Guard Academy cadets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H.R. 6258. A bill to amend title 14, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to enter into certain contracts for the acquisition of vessels for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6259. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure that liquid over-the-counter medications are packaged with appropriate dosage delivery devices and, in the case of such medications labeled for pediatric use, appropriate flow restrictors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 6260. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come interest received on certain loans se-cured by agricultural real property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 6261. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the way beneficiaries are assigned under the Medi-care shared savings program by also basing such assignment on primary care services furnished by nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and clinical nurse specialists; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MACARTHUR (for himself and Ms. K
USTER ): H.R. 6262. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the family mem-bers with respect to whom treatment for al-cohol and drug addiction is treated as a qualified medical expense for purposes of health reimbursement arrangements, health flexible spending arrangements, and health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 6263. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the family mem-bers with respect to whom treatment for al-cohol and drug addiction is treated as a med-ical expense for certain purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6264. A bill to assist States in pro-viding voluntary high-quality universal pre-kindergarten programs and programs to sup-port infants and toddlers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT (for himself, Mr. L
EVIN, and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 6265. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for certain re-forms with respect to medicare supplemental health insurance policies; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CHENRY (for himself and Mr. F
OSTER ): H.R. 6266. A bill to amend the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to clarify the definition of a deposit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. T
ONKO ): H.R. 6267. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the rehabilita-tion credit for commercial buildings and to provide a rehabilitation credit for principal residences; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 6268. A bill to direct the Attorney General to establish a definition of the term ‘‘gang’’, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. T
ED L
IEUof California): H.R. 6269. A bill to ban the use of bisphenol A in food containers and the replacement of bisphenol A in such containers with unsafe alternatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 6270. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prevent the avoidance of tax by insurance companies through reinsur-ance with non-taxed affiliates; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. T URNER , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , and Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND ): H.R. 6271. A bill to amend the Foreign Service Act of 1980 to require a period of service at an overseas post of at least four years, to amend title 10, United States Code, to require a tour of duty at defense attache ´ offices of at least four years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), for a period to be subsequently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28SE7.100 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6102 September 28, 2016 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. A
BRAHAM ): H.R. 6272. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the maximum market pay of physicians and dentists in the Veterans Health Administration who work in health professional shortage areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. B
OST): H.R. 6273. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the maximum amount of education debt reduction avail-able for health care professionals employed by the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. M
ARCHANT , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 6274. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create incentives for healthcare providers to promote quality healthcare outcomes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. D
ENT, and Mr. D
ELANEY ): H.R. 6275. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage under the Medicare program for FDA-ap-proved qualifying colorectal cancer screen-ing blood-based tests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 6276. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of locum tenens physicians as independent con-tractors to help alleviate physician short-ages in underserved areas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. B
UCSHON ): H.R. 6277. A bill to prohibit the implemen-tation of a proposed Department of Veterans Affairs rule relating to the practice author-ity of advanced practice registered nurses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 6278. A bill to provide certain reforms to promote accountability and efficiency in the civil service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. S
HERMAN , and Mr. G ARAMENDI ): H.R. 6279. A bill to provide for the restora-tion of legal rights for claimants under holo-caust-era insurance policies; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6280. A bill to amend title V of the So-cial Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to give priority to eligible entities that partner with certain community partners with respect to grants awarded under the maternal, infant, and early childhood home visitation program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. P
ERRY ): H.R. 6281. A bill to prevent further ad-vances in North Korea’s nuclear program by preventing specialized financial messaging services to, or direct or indirect access to such messaging services for, the Central Bank of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and certain other financial institu-tions and sanctioned persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. H
IGGINS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. I
SRAEL , Mr. H ANNA , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. G IBSON , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. R EED, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 6282. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2024 Jerome Avenue, in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Dr. Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. H
OLDING ): H.R. 6283. A bill to establish agency proce-dures for the issuance of significant guidance documents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6284. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit the marketing of authorized generic drugs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 6285. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize admission of Canadian retirees as long-term visitors for pleasure described in section 101(a)(15)(B) of such Act; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 6286. A bill to provide for the consid-eration of energy storage systems by electric utilities as part of a supply side resource process, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama): H.R. 6287. A bill to establish requirements for use of a driver’s license or personal iden-tification card by certain financial institu-tions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. COFF-
MAN, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): H.R. 6288. A bill to provide protections and certainty for private landowners related to resurveying certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Mr. R
OSS, Ms. M OORE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. M ARINO ): H.R. 6289. A bill to provide priority under certain federally assisted housing programs to assisting youths who are aging out of fos-ter care, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. VALADAO (for himself and Mr. C
OSTA ): H.R. 6290. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend certain tax in-centives for biodiesel, renewable diesel, and alternative fuels; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. VISCLOSKY (for himself, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. R
OKITA , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. B
UCSHON , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana): H.R. 6291. A bill to retitle Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore as Indiana Dunes Na-tional Park, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Ms. G
ABBARD , and Mr. J OLLY ): H.R. 6292. A bill to provide for the vacating of certain convictions and expungement of certain arrests of victims of human traf-ficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6293. A bill to prohibit an employer from inquiring about the salary history of an applicant for employment; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on House Adminis-tration, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself, Mr. H
ILL, and Mr. C RAWFORD ): H.R. 6294. A bill to improve the coordina-tion and use of geospatial data; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ZINKE (for himself and Mr. C
RAMER ): H.R. 6295. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to enhance the require-ments for secure geological storage of carbon dioxide for purposes of the carbon dioxide se-questration credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. P
ITTENGER ): H.J. Res. 99. A joint resolution making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28SE7.100 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6103 September 28, 2016 
H.J. Res. 100. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to give States the authority to repeal a Federal rule or regulation when ratified by the legislatures of two-thirds of the several States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. ROBY: H.J. Res. 101. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States which requires (except during time of war and subject to suspension by Congress) that the total amount of money expended by the United States during any fiscal year not exceed the amount of certain revenue received by the United States during such fiscal year and not exceed 20 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States during the previous calendar year; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. E
NGEL ): H. Con. Res. 165. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress and reaffirm-ing longstanding United States policy in sup-port of a direct bilaterally negotiated settle-ment of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and opposition to United Nations Security Coun-cil resolutions imposing a solution to the conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. MESSER: H. Con. Res. 166. Concurrent resolution providing for an adjournment of the House; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. BECERRA (for himself, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. H AHN, Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. A GUILAR ): H. Con. Res. 167. Concurrent resolution honoring Vincent Edward ‘‘Vin’’ Scully, the baseball broadcaster who has magnificently served as the play-by-play announcer for the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers for 67 Major League Baseball seasons since 1950; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Mr. C ARSON of Indi-ana): H. Con. Res. 168. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress regarding the United States Capitol Police and their role in securing the United States Capitol com-plex and protecting Members of Congress, their staff, and the general public; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. L
AHOOD (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B YRNE , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. K IND, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. B OST, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. D
OLD, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R EED, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H. Con. Res. 169. Concurrent resolution es-tablishing a Joint Committee on the Organi-zation of Congress; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. YOHO (for himself and Mr. S
CHRADER ): H. Con. Res. 170. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the designation of a ‘‘National Purebred Dog Day‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S
ABLAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Ms. B
ORDALLO ): H. Res. 898. A resolution supporting the in-clusion and meaningful engagement of Latinos in environmental protection and conservation efforts; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , and Ms. T SONGAS ): H. Res. 899. A resolution expressing support for a stable and sustainable funding source for the Teaching Health Center Graduate Medical Education (THCGME) Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H. Res. 900. A resolution providing for the consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 769) terminating a Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. C AS-
TOR of Florida, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. P
IERLUISI , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. W
ALZ): H. Res. 902. A resolution recognizing and honoring the life of Jose Fernandez; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. R
ANGEL ): H. Res. 903. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the month of Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Aware-ness Month’’ in order to educate commu-nities across the United States about sickle cell disease and the need for research, early detection methods, effective treatments, and preventative care programs with respect to sickle cell disease; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H. Res. 904. A resolution honoring Sisters Network Inc. for its work to raise awareness about the tragic impact of breast cancer in the African-American community; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
LYBURN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. L
EE, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. R USH, Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Ms. FOXX, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas): H. Res. 905. A resolution expressing condo-lences to the family of Ms. Jacqueline A. Ellis, and commemorating the life and work of Ms. Jacqueline Ellis; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H. Res. 906. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Red Ribbon Week during the period of October 23 through October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. F ARR, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. L ORET -
TASANCHEZ of California, and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H. Res. 907. A resolution recognizing Fili-pino American History Month and cele-brating the history and culture of Filipino Americans and their immense contributions to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H. Res. 908. A resolution expressing support for designation of October 2016 as ‘‘Bullying Prevention Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HONDA: H. Res. 909. A resolution expressing support for the right to rescue animals; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M OORE , Ms. T
ITUS, and Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-fornia): H. Res. 910. A resolution supporting the ideals and goals of the ‘‘International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women‘‘; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H. Res. 911. A resolution expressing appre-ciation during ‘‘Domestic Violence Action Month‘‘ to all the providers of services in the Second District of Washington state that work tirelessly to end the scourge of domes-tic violence and to provide education, shelter and assistance to victims of domestic vio-lence; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself and Mr. R
IBBLE ): H. Res. 912. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that congressional redistricting should be re-formed to remove political gerrymandering; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28SE7.100 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6104 September 28, 2016 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. F
UDGE ): H. Res. 913. A resolution supporting a Fed-eral, publically-funded universal school meal and nutrition program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. C
OHEN ): H. Res. 914. A resolution expressing support for designation of September 2016 as ‘‘Pul-monary Fibrosis Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. L EWIS, and Ms. N OR-
TON): H. Res. 915. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to Marcus Garvey; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and Mr. L
IPINSKI ): H. Res. 916. A resolution recognizing the impact of tribology on the United States economy and competitiveness in providing solutions to critical technical problems in manufacturing, energy production and use, transportation vehicles and infrastructure, greenhouse gas emissions, defense and home-land security, health care, mining safety and reliability, and space exploration, among others, and recognizing the need for in-creased research and development invest-ments in tribology and related fields; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , and Mr. D EFAZIO): H. Res. 917. A resolution congratulating The Optical Society on its 100th anniversary; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. E
LLI-
SON, and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H. Res. 918. A resolution expressing support for policies that maintain a robust Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs and do not jeopardize care for veterans by moving essential resources to the private sector; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mrs. WAGNER: H. Res. 919. A resolution encouraging States to uphold the rights and dignity of human trafficking survivors; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H. Res. 920. A resolution calling for revisisions to the existing rules of engage-ment under Operation Resolute Support in Afghanistan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
296. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, rel-ative to Senate Joint Resolution 26, calling upon the President of the United States to encourage the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services to adopt policies to repeal the current dis-criminatory donor suitability policies of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding blood donations by men who have had sex with another man and, instead, direct the FDA to develop science-based poli-cies such as criteria based on risky behavior in lieu of sexual orientation; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 297. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 29, declaring unnecessary and un-explained increases in pharmaceutical pric-ing is a harm to our health care system that will no longer be tolerated because the sys-tem cannot sustain it; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 298. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 28, to ensure that immigrant children are afforded due process under the law when they are fighting to remain in the United States of America; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 299. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 24, commending Congress and the President of the United States for enacting the FAST Act to provide stability and reli-ability in federal transportation funding over the next five years; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 300. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 22, urging the Congress to appro-priate $248 million in funding to complete Phase 2 of the Calexico West Land Port of Entry reconfiguration and expansion project; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 301. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Reso-lution 86, requesting the Congress of the United States to pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016 (H.R. 2646), and further requests President Barack Obama to sign that legislation; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Education and the Work-force. f PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. HUFFMAN introduced A bill (H.R. 6296) For the relief of Yeganeh Salehi Rezaian; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 1021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 2507. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 3298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 5942. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 6195. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The First Amendment guarantees both free speech and the free exercise of religion. The Free Speech Fairness Act restores these fun-damental liberties to churches and non-profits. By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 6196. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6197. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 6198. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6199. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6200. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6201. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6202. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6203. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6204. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28SE7.100 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6105 September 28, 2016 
By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6205. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 6206. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. VALADAO: H.R. 6207. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 6208. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 6209. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6210. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Amendment X: The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 6211. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoeing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6212. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6213. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 6214. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6215. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6216. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I—The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6217. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I—The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 6218. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 6219. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 6220. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 6221. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5. To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 6222. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 6223. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 6224. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 6225. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 (To regulate commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several states, and with 
the Indian tribes.) Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department thereof). By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 6226. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Consistent with the understanding and in-terpretation of the Commerce Clause, Con-gress has the authority to enact this legisla-tion in accordance with Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6227. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6228. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6229. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6230. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 6231. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 6232. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6233. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. COOK: H.R. 6234. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States, as enumerated in Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, of the United States Con-stitution. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6238. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 6239. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.083 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6106 September 28, 2016 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 6240. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 6241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6242. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 6243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 6244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 7 of the U.S. Con-stitution, Clause 1: All Bills for raising Rev-enue shall originate in the House of Rep-resentatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills. Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 6246. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—The Con-gress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested by this constitu-tion in the government of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. FLEMING: H.R. 6247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Con-stitution, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all need-ful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 6248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 grants Con-gress the power to ‘‘pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18 grants Congress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing PoWers.’’ As this legislation con-cerns oversight of federal spending on pro-grams authorized by Congress, it is an appro-priate use of the authority granted to Con-gress by the above clauses of the Constitu-tion. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 6250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and within the Indian Tribes’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). Additional authority derives from Article III, Section 1 (‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one su-preme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the su-preme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office.) Addi-tional authority also derives from Article III, Section2, Clause 3 of the Constitution. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 6254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution (Article I, Section 8, Clause 3) By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 6255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office there-of. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 18, of Article 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 6260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 6261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 6262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: Congress shall have Power To Law and col-lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 6263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: Congress shall have Power To Law and col-lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: H.R. 6265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. M
CHENRY: H.R. 6266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence . . . of the United States; but all Du-ties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 6267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 6268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 6270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.088 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6107 September 28, 2016 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 6271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article II, section 2 of the Constitution of the United States gives Congress the power to ‘‘by Law vest the appointment of . . . in-ferior Officers, as they think proper . . . in the Heads of Departments.’’ Article I, sec-tion 8 provides that Congress shall have power, among other things, to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations’’; ‘‘make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’; and ‘‘make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers and all other Powers vested in this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 6272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing a Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 6273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—necessary and proper By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 6275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 6276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.’’ Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the com-mon Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 6278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8, cl. 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 6279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6280. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 6281. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 6282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 6283. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that sec-tion, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Execu-tive; Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 to 17, and Section 9, Clauses 1 to 2, 4, and 7 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation concerns the exercise of specific legis-lative powers granted to Congress by those sections, including the exercise of those pow-ers when delegated by Congress to the Exec-utive; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and Article III, Section 1, Clause 1, Sentence 1, Section 2, Clause 1, and Section 2, Clause 2, Sentence 2, of the Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects judicial powers and cases that are subject to legislation by Congress. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 6285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or officer thereof. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 6286. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Aricle 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6287. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4 Section 3 Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 6289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Com-merce Clause) of the United States Constitu-tion, to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. VALADAO: H.R. 6290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. Mr. VISCLOSKY: H.R. 6291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 6292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Amendment XIII which authorizes Con-gress to make laws enforcing the extension of civil rights and universal freedom to vic-tims of slavery. Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 6294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 6295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.085 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6108 September 28, 2016 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization’’. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.J. Res. 99. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact the fol-lowing due to its power of the purse, outlined in Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution: ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law;’’ By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.J. Res. 100. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V By Mrs. ROBY: H.J. Res. 101. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 5: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all In-tents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitu-tion, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suf-frage in the Senate.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 169: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 213: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. C ONNOLLY , H.R. 265: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , H.R. 297: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. F
ARR, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 303: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 465: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 546: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 556: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 583: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 703: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 711: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 750: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 775: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 789: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 900: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 923: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 973: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1095: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 1111: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1147: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 1196: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1209: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1220: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska. H.R. 1258: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1282: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1399: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1427: Mr. RICEof South Carolina and Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 1457: Mr. I
SSA, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1507: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1552: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1608: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. L
ATTA , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 1650: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 1655: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1669: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 1700: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1706: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1848: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 1854: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1911: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1959: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 2016: Mr. S
ARBANES and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2095: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 2103: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. A
DAMS , and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 2116: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 2124: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 2125: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2148: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2192: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 2293: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 2302: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2403: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 2461: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 2493: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2518: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 2653: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2660: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 2680: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2694: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2698: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 2715: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2737: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. M
ICA, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. W OODALL , and Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 2759: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2808: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 2849: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 2858: Mr. K
ATKO , H.R. 2948: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 2991: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 3074: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 3084: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. M ENG, and Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 3099: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 3119: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. P IERLUISI , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 3163: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3201: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 3316: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 3343: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 3381: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 3397: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3411: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 3436: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 3515: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 3526: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3535: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3546: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3562: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 3652: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3660: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3666: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. S ANFORD . H.R. 3687: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 3706: Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 3742: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M
ICA. H.R. 3770: Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3830: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3833: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3882: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 3886: Mr. V
EASEY and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 3892: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 3929: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 3985: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3991: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4016: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4131: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4164: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4172: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4184: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 4223: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4247: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 4272: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4298: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 4301: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4352: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4374: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4399: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4456: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. S EWELL  of Alabama, and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 4475: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4514: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4524: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4558: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4559: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 4585: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 4622: Mr. A
DERHOLT and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4626: Ms. K
USTER , Mr. R OSS, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B EYER , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. H AHN, Mr. F
LEMING , Mr. B ERA, Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 4657: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4695: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4700: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 4706: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4718: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4764: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 4766: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 4770: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 4773: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4784: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 4818: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 4833: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 4907: Mr. B
EYER , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4919: Mr. A
SHFORD and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 4927: Mrs. L
AWRENCE  H.R. 4932: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 4949: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4980: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5009: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 5015: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 5067: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 5082: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 5090: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. F
LORES , and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 5167: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5177: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 5180: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5182: Mr. P
AULSEN and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5187: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 5191: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 5205: Ms. D
ELAURO and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 5208: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 5219: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5256: Mr. B
ECERRA . H.R. 5272: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. H
UFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.087 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6109 September 28, 2016 
H.R. 5285: Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 5299: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5301: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 5369: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. R USH, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 5373: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5405: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 5410: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5418: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. M
ICA, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5482: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 5489: Mr. S
TIVERS and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 5555: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5557: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5567: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 5571: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5573: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 5584: Mr. L
OWENTHAL  H.R. 5589: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 5600: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 5610: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 5621: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. K USTER , Ms. L EE, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
UELLAR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. D OGGETT , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N OLAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5632: Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 5650: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 5653: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 5671: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5686: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 5689: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 5726: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5732: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 5742: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 5745: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5772: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 5779: Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. H OYER , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 5797: Ms. L
EEand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5813: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. K IND, and Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama. H.R. 5814: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 5887: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 5899: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 5902: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5910: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 5932: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 5942: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 5955: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 5962: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 5965: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 5980: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5989: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5996: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 5999: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. N UGENT , Ms. B
ORDALLO , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6025: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. C OOPER . H.R. 6030: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 6034: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 6037: Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. L
EE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C OOK, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. K USTER , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 6045: Mr. K
ATKO and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 6047: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. B
ARTON , and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 6059: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 6072: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 6073: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 6076: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6086: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. P
ITTS. H.R. 6087: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 6093: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 6094: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 6097: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 6100: Mr. H
ILL, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. B YRNE , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, and Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 6104: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 6108: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 6110: Mr. G
OWDY . H.R. 6122: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 6126: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 6132: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 6149: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 6168: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 6171: Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mrs. L UMMIS . H.R. 6176: Mr. M
EADOWS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 6181: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 6186: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 6188: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. S
TEWART . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. C
LEAVER . H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Mr. H AR-
PER. H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida, Mr. U PTON , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. K
ATKO . H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia. H. Con. Res. 143: Mr. R
ANGEL and Mr. K
EATING . H. Con. Res. 153: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, and Mr. T
EDLIEUof Cali- fornia. H. Con. Res. 155: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. R EICHERT . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. O LSON . H. Con. Res. 161: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 28: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mr. L
AHOOD. H. Res. 110: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H. Res. 647: Mr. V
ALADAO . H. Res. 703: Mr. P
AYNE . H. Res. 750: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 752: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. K
USTER , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 784: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 840: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H. Res. 848: Mr. H
UNTER . H. Res. 854: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 861: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mrs. B EATTY . H. Res. 882: Mr. S
ERRANO . H. Res. 883: Mr. C
OOPER . H. Res. 885: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. E STY, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H. Res. 887: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. E
DWARDS . H. Res. 891: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H. Res. 895: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.079 H28SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6165 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2016 No. 147 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Master, strengthen us so that we will live blameless lives, doing what is right and speaking the truth with sincere hearts. Forgive us when we lis-ten to the cynical angels of our carnal nature, and renew in us a spirit of faith and optimism. Empower our Senators to be true to their duties, making the commitment to labor with integrity. Lord, instruct them with Your wisdom, protect them with Your might, and guide them with Your love. Chase away thoughts that bring dis-couragement and fear, as we remember that nothing is impossible for You. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING SHIMON PERES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we were saddened to learn last night that Shimon Peres, the ninth President of Israel, has passed away at the age of 93. He leaves behind a remarkable legacy of service on behalf of the people of Israel and a lengthy re´sume´to match. The Nobel Peace Prize, the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom, the Congres-sional Gold Medal—Peres earned them all. In fact, I was honored to be a part of the ceremony to award him that Gold Medal just a few short years ago. His political career is one that spans nearly seven decades and encompasses just about every high office imag-inable: President, Prime Minister, peacemaker, revered statesman, and one of the last remaining connections to the founding of the modern State of Israel. This is how the world will re-member Shimon Peres, but above all, we will remember him as the embodi-ment of a nation that the United States is privileged to call an ally and dear friend. Our thoughts are with his family; with our friends, the people of Israel; and with the many others around the globe who mourn his passing today. f 
BUSINESS BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, moving on to the business before the Senate today, last week the President vetoed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. At noon today, the Sen-ate will vote on whether to override his veto of that legislation. After this vote, Members should be prepared for votes on the continuing resolution. Our colleagues in the House made good progress last night on a way for-ward to help the people of Flint in the Water Resources Development Act, or WRDA, which, as we have said, is the proper vehicle. The Senate already voted overwhelmingly—95 to 3—to pass assistance to Flint families as part of the WRDA bill, and both Chairman I
NHOFE and I have pledged to continue to pursue resources for Flint once WRDA goes to conference. As a result, we are hopeful that we will soon reach an agreement with our Democratic colleagues to move forward on the clean CR-Zika package today. It includes important resources to sup-port our veterans, to combat the Zika virus and heroin and prescription opioid crisis, and to serve as a signifi-cant downpayment for flood relief. It also funds all current government oper-ations through December 9 at last year’s enacted levels. Let’s keep work-ing together to pass it. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING SHIMON PERES Mr. REID. Mr. President, on a codel that I led, we were going to stop in Israel, and I told all of the Senators with me that I wanted to take time while we were there to meet my favor-ite statesman who I had ever met, and that is Shimon Peres. As my friend the Republican leader outlined, he has a distinctive re´sume´. I will always remember Eric Cantor, the Republican leader in the House at the time—I called him and said: Shimon Peres is going to be 90 years old, and it would be wonderful if we could get that Gold Medal done during the time he is 90. Eric delivered. It wasn’t easy, but he delivered, and I will always remem-ber that. It meant a great deal to this man who had received so many dif-ferent awards, but to get the highest distinction we as Members of Congress can give someone is something he de-served. As I have indicated, he is the most inspirational public servant I have ever encountered. And when we met him in Israel, he didn’t let me down. He was stunningly visionary, like I had always known him to be. What I have said is not hyperbole in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.000 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6166 September 28, 2016 
any way. I repeat, he was the most vi-sionary and inspirational leader I have ever known. Let me repeat some of the accom-plishments my friend the Republican leader just outlined. He was the Prime Minister of Israel twice, Acting Prime Minister twice, President of Israel, Minister of Defense twice, Minister of Finance, Minister of Transportation, and he served in eight other Cabinet posts. That is a pretty good record. Shimon Peres was a brilliant man who spoke 6 languages and authored 11 books. He was the definition of a statesman. He was a guiding light for peace—always for peace. He made Israel and the Middle East and the world a better place. Above all, we should all learn some-thing from this good man. Here is what he said, and this is how he lived his life: 
Optimists and pessimists die the same way. They just live differently. I prefer to live as an optimist. 
That really says it all. He lived his entire life as an optimist. From the challenges he and his family faced be-cause of the Holocaust to his work for a lasting peace to secure Israel, he never wavered in his hope for the world. He was always looking forward. He had some political battles. The leaders of Israel had all been in the military fighting. He never served in the military, but his abilities were so pronounced that he was able to suc-ceed, as I have outlined in his re´sume´. The last time I talked to him, I called him and I said: One of my prize staff members, Jessica Lewis, is com-ing to Israel with her dad, and her fa-ther has never been to Israel. I have told them how I feel about you. Is there any way you could meet them? And he met them. Of course he did. He spent time with them. That is who he was, a person whom I so admired, and he had time for Jessica and her dad. I join the people of the world in mourning the passing of this good, kind, and inspirational man. I send my deepest condolences to his family and the people of Israel. I am so happy that the delegation of people who are going to attend his funeral will be led by the President of the United States, Barack Obama. I will miss Shimon Peres. The world will forever miss this good person. 
f 
FUNDING FOR FLINT, MICHIGAN Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am happy to see the progress that has been made in the House of Representatives with respect to Flint, MI. This is a step in the right direction toward advancing funding for the people of Flint in the lameduck. However, I do have some concern. The statement of my Repub-lican colleague, the leader of the Sen-ate, was that he and Senator I
NHOFE  would work toward funding. This should be easy. Why can’t they just say they will do it? This is not deficit spending; this is money that the people of Michigan have allowed—STABENOW  and P
ETERS —to be given up. It is Michigan money that is going to be used in a different way. The money is already there. We overwhelmingly sup-ported it. So, as I have said before, we will con-tinue to exercise caution moving for-ward, but I am glad to see that progress has been made. If it were up to me, I believe these three nationally de-clared emergencies—Louisiana, $2.8 bil-lion—what happened in Baton Rouge and other parts of Louisiana was dev-astating. There were rainstorms that even the coast of Louisiana had never seen before—never seen before. Thou-sands of structures were damaged, and hundreds of them were destroyed. I think they are entitled to work on fix-ing all of that. We should do as we do with emergencies. The Presiding Officer is from Texas, and we have stepped forward every time there has been an emergency in Texas and taken care of it, whether it was an explosion that blew up a facil-ity there, whether it was floods. The many problems Texas has had over the last decade, we have taken care of them, as we should. I think West Virginia, which has an emergency declaration of $310 million— that should be taken care of. A much smaller one but a very im-portant one to the people of Mary-land—small in proportion to the two I just mentioned—that is nationally de-clared. We should take care of it. So I hope we will not continue to mourn the fact that these emergencies occur, these national disasters occur; we have to take care of them. I hope we can do that. It would be the right thing to do. I look forward to continuing to try to work something out on the CR. We are not there yet, but I hope we can get that done expeditiously. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair announce the business of the day. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 5325, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cochran) amendment No. 5082, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell amendment No. 5083 (to amend-ment No. 5082), to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5084 (to amend-ment No. 5083), of a perfecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 5085 (to the lan-guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 5082), to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5086 (to amend-ment No. 5085), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with in-structions, McConnell amendment No. 5087, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5088 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 5087), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 5089 (to amend-ment No. 5088), of a perfecting nature. Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Cham-ber is vacant, so I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM ACT—VETO The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the veto message to accompany S. 2040, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Veto message to accompany S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 2 hours of debate equally divided be-tween the leaders or their designees. The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am honored to open the debate today on the effort by this body and by the U.S. Congress to give the loved ones of the victims of terrorism on 9/11 their day in court—simple justice. Fifteen years ago we stood in horror as our country suffered the worst ter-rorist attack on the United States in the history of our Nation. Nearly 3,000 innocent lives were lost, including he-roic first responders, firemen, police, and beloved honorable men and women—148 of them from my home State of Connecticut. Over these years, I have watched and listened to them in their strength and courage as they have tirelessly sought to make this system of justice work in the memory of their loved ones. The terrorists who struck on 9/11 tried and failed to destroy that system of justice and the ideals of this Nation. Our hearts were broken, but our coun-try and our ideals were not. Over the past 15 years, I have been honored to work with those families. Today gives us the opportunity to move forward with legislation, despite the President’s veto. I deeply respect the President and the reasons that he has given for vetoing the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, but I urge my col-leagues to move swiftly and soundly to reverse this veto so these families can have their day in court. That is what the legal system of this country is de-signed to do. It is the system where I spent my career before the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.002 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6167 September 28, 2016 
working to ensure accountability for wrongdoers and the restoration of vic-tims’ rights—promises to citizens that are made by our Constitution that there will be a neutral and fair forum to determine their claims. These families will never get their loved ones back, but they deserve jus-tice and a day in court. That is why today we will, I hope, override the President’s veto. Fifteen years after that tragedy we are still learning facts, but there is mounting evidence that the Saudi Gov-ernment—or at least organizations and operatives within the Saudi Govern-ment—aided and abetted one of the most massive crimes in the United States. In our system, the truth behind those facts deserves to be presented in a court—a court of law where fairness and justice will be assured. This meas-ure does not prejudge a verdict or issue a judgment. It gives both sides a fair day in court. If the Saudi Government had no in-volvement in 9/11, it has nothing to fear. But if it was culpable, it should be held accountable. That is the basic principle of this measure. When all is said and done, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act simply closes a loophole that was cre-ated by the courts, contrary to the in-tent of this body. That loophole, in ef-fect, permits foreign governments to aid and abet crimes against the citi-zens of this country as long as its aid-ing and abetting occurred outside of our borders. Think of it as a missile launched from another country by ter-rorists with the support and assistance of that foreign government. That for-eign government can evade any and all responsibility simply because the mis-sile was launched outside our borders. Similarly, the missile of terrorism can be launched outside our borders and the foreign government, including Saudi Arabia, is able to evade all re-sponsibility under the decision made by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in New York, which created that loop-hole. So that foreign government can give terrorists bags of money and tons of explosives to carry out murder with-in our borders, as long as it does so outside our borders. That is wrong. The principle here is broader and big-ger than Saudi Arabia or even the 9/11 victims. It is about simple justice. Our law should recognize the reality that global crimes can be sponsored and supported outside our borders and in-flict grave harm, including murder, on the citizens of our country within our borders. This loophole will be closed by this measure for the benefit of not only the 9/11 victims but also potential victims in the future. It will send a message and deter violent crime in this country aided and abetted by foreign govern-ments in the future. It will deter that kind of violence through an ideal and a tradition that is uniquely American. It is a system of justice that imposes ac-countability and makes sure that ev-erybody has a fair day in court. I know questions have been raised about potential retaliation or reprisal against members of our military or citizens in other countries. This Nation should stand firm and strong against terrorist violence. We have nothing to fear as long as we do not engage in sup-porting or sponsoring the kind of vio-lence that occurred on 9/11 here. We must trust that our government would never be responsible for that kind of aiding and abetting of deliberate kill-ing of innocent civilians, the purpose-ful massacre of people who are inno-cent. I am honored to begin this debate. I hope it will be closed in a way that vin-dicates the rights as well as the inter-ests of our country. I am proud to join colleagues on both sides of the aisle. This measure has been bipartisan from the start. I particularly thank my colleagues Senator S
CHUMER and Senator C ORNYN  for their leadership. I believe a bill unanimously passed by both houses of Congress, strongly supported by both sides of the aisle, deserves to become law. I trust and believe it will today. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator withhold? Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Yes. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is not in a quorum call. The Senator is recognized. 
OSHA AND ANHYDROUS AMMONIA STORAGE  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today to address a recent ruling from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. Last week, the court issued a ruling that was a victory for America’s ag producers and a rebuke to Wash-ington regulators. Specifically, the court ruled the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, violated the law when it imposed new limits on anhydrous ammonia storage. I realize many of my colleagues may not be familiar with anhydrous ammo-nia. But for those of us who make our living from the land, it is the most cost-effective and commonly used fer-tilizer in production agriculture. Anhy-drous ammonia is an essential input for ag producers in Nebraska and all across this country. It allows them to produce more food while using less land, less water, and, yes, less fer-tilizer. Producers receive anhydrous ammo-nia from retail facilities. In Nebraska, these facilities are primarily farmer- owned cooperatives, found in more than 400 locations across the State. These facilities store anhydrous ammo-nia in tanks on their property, and since 1992, these tanks have been ex-empt from certain OSHA regulations. But in 2015, OSHA issued a new stand-ard affecting these retail fertilizer fa-cilities, and they did so illegally, with-out public notice or industry input. OSHA’s new standard would have re-quired retailers to provide documenta-tion that these tanks fit certain speci-fications. If a retailer couldn’t produce that paperwork, then he or she would be required to purchase an entirely new tank. These tanks are expensive. The starting price is in the neighborhood of $70,000. Furthermore, anhydrous am-monia tanks vary in size from State to State, and several tank manufacturers are no longer in business. OSHA’s unre-alistic expectations made it impossible for these retailers and producers to ob-tain the needed paperwork, which meant that these retailers would have been forced to purchase those pricey new tanks, even though their old ones worked just fine. Understandably, this became a major headache for retailers and producers. For example, in my home State of Nebraska, Central Valley Ag Coopera-tive, which is located in York, antici-pated compliance costs of $5.6 million. This includes an additional $100,000 of ongoing compliance costs every year. In Elmwood, NE, Midwest Farmers Co-operative estimated producers would spend $20 to $28 more per acre when ap-plying fertilizer to their fields. Given the current state of the farm economy, these increased costs would have been devastating. They would have forced many farmers to leave the industry al-together. That would be heartbreaking enough, but there was another, even more trou-bling aspect to OSHA’s standard. They never put it through the required pub-lic notice and comment process. OSHA is required by law to conduct this proc-ess, as are most Federal agencies, whenever they issue a new regulation or standard. The public notice-and- comment period is a built-in safeguard. It allows those who would be affected by a proposed regulation to have their voices heard, and, ideally, the govern-ment would listen to their voices. But OSHA didn’t follow the rules. They did not listen. They didn’t even try to lis-ten. They said their new policy was ef-fective immediately. That was unac-ceptable to me. In response, this summer I intro-duced bipartisan legislation with Sen-ator H
EIDI HEITKAMP known as the FARM Act. We offered this legislation to provide relief to farmers and force OSHA to follow the law. Last week, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit reinforced this legis-lation by forcing OSHA to vacate their illegal and harmful standard. With this ruling, an important precedent has been set. The court made it clear: OSHA improperly expanded the scope, complexity, and costs of regulation on ag facilities that handle anhydrous am-monia. By disrupting the supply of a vital fertilizer, OSHA would have dis-rupted farming operations. Worse, they would have harmed farmers’ ability to do their jobs and also to provide for their families. I am relieved that the courts came in and upheld the rule of law. America’s ag producers will now face one less hardship. They can focus on feeding the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.003 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6168 September 28, 2016 
world and providing for their own fami-lies. At the same time, I remain appalled that OSHA would so brazenly disregard the law in the first place. This is an-other example of why the American people don’t trust the Federal Govern-ment. Honestly, I don’t blame them. When the Federal Government doesn’t follow its own law, it destroys public trust. Out-of-control agencies, like OSHA, which do not follow the law need to be stopped when their overly burdensome regulations hurt Ameri-cans. Let the American people do their jobs. Let them raise their families, earn their living, and pursue their life’s purpose. When the bureaucracy fails to do this, it is the responsibility of Mem-bers of Congress to step in. I am glad that I have done so. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that all time spent in a quorum call before the vote on the veto mes-sage to accompany S. 2040 be charged equally against each side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as the Senate knows, today we are consid-ering the President’s misguided deci-sion to veto a piece of legislation that passed this body unanimously by unan-imous consent and likewise passed the House of Representatives with no dis-senting votes. In our polarized politics of today, this is pretty much a close-to-miracu-lous occurrence because Democrats and Republicans, Senators and House Mem-bers, have all agreed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which gives the victims of a terrorist attack on our own soil an opportunity to seek the justice they deserve—all of us have come together and agreed this is appropriate and the right thing to do. At a time when international ter-rorism is spreading, FBI Director Comey yesterday warned of a terrorist diaspora. The Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act will send a strong message that those who sponsor ter-rorist attacks on American soil, in-cluding foreign governments, will an-swer to those victims and pay for the death and destruction they cause. Current law already allows for Amer-ican victims to sue foreign govern-ments for many different offenses com-mitted by their employees—commer-cial wrongs, assault, drunk driving, rape, human trafficking, among others. That is already part of existing law. JASTA would clarify that sponsoring an act of terrorism in America is added to that list. If we allowed lawsuits against foreign governments for bar fights, contract breaches, drunk driv-ing, then we should allow the victims of a terrorist attack on our soil the op-portunity for their day in court as well. This is an important piece of leg-islation, and it is straightforward. That is why I believe we got the unani-mous support in both bodies that we have. I want to make clear, though, that this has not been a quick process. This legislation has been pending since 2009, and we have worked through a number of Members’ concerns they have ex-pressed along the way in order to mod-ify the legislation and build the con-sensus we now have achieved. There have been many different drafts and feedback from Members, a lot of con-sultations with family members who have been affected, and a lot has gone into this legislation. That means this bill has been negotiated and hammered out over a long period of time, and that is the reason we were able to garner such strong support from both bodies to get the bill passed. Last Friday, the President chose to ignore the voices of American ter-rorism victims by vetoing this legisla-tion. Fortunately, today this Chamber will have a choice and have a chance to exercise our constitutional prerogative under article I, section 7 of the Con-stitution. We will have a chance to act as a check on President Obama to over-ride his veto. I have read President Obama’s veto message, and it is not persuasive. That is because it described a bill that doesn’t exist and misrepresents the state of the law. He cites concerns that the bill would ‘‘create complications’’ with some of our close partners. The truth is, JASTA only targets foreign governments that sponsor terrorist at-tacks on American soil, plain and sim-ple. I don’t know how that would cre-ate complications with some of our close partners. The financing of terrorism in the United States is not behavior we should tolerate from any nation, allies included. How can anyone look the families in the eye and tell them they shouldn’t have the opportunity to seek justice against a foreign government responsible for the death of their loved one? The President has claimed this legis-lation would result in a flood of law-suits against Americans by foreign governments. What the President ig-nores is that we are already being sued by foreign nations under the current state of the law, but a law like JASTA applied reciprocally will open no such floodgates. The President even had the audacity to claim this legislation might lead to lawsuits against members of the mili-tary, but had he read the plain text of the bill, he would know this bill only allows for lawsuits against foreign gov-ernments, not individuals. He would also know it contains a specific exemp-tion for our Armed Forces. Finally, JASTA is not a sweeping legislative overhaul that dramatically alters international law. It is an exten-sion of law that has been on the books since 1976. Once again, there are nu-merous exceptions that prevent foreign governments from shielding them-selves from litigation when they cause harm. The President has also complained this applies to conduct committed abroad, but today and for 40 years our law has been replete with immunity ex-ceptions that apply to conduct com-mitted abroad. This bill just adds an-other exception. At the end of the day, this vote is about doing what is right for the Amer-ican people. Some of our colleagues have expressed concerns about how it might be interpreted by some of our al-lies, but the fact is, this legislation does not mention any particular coun-try. All it does is it carves out an ex-ception to this notion of sovereign im-munity for conduct committed in a ter-rorist attack on American soil. The whole idea of sovereign immu-nity comes from England and our Anglo-American inheritance in our law. The notion is that the King in England could do no wrong so you couldn’t sue the government, but we have recognized the injustice that would cause, even in our own country, when Congress has passed numerous exceptions under which the U.S. Gov-ernment can be sued in our own court, recognizing that equal justice under the law does not create a situation where it should not tolerate a situation where the government was simply im-mune from litigation and paying its fair compensation in individual law-suits. This legislation is about pursuing justice and the legal process it con-tinues to serve as a foundation to our Republic. At its core, this bill is about respecting the voices and the rights of American victims. I believe we have many important allies around the world with whom our interests are aligned, but when our interests di-verge, and it is a question of protecting American rights and American values, I think we should always do that rath-er than somehow subjugate those rights and values to the interests of some foreign government. This is not about severing our rela-tionship with any ally. This is simply a matter of justice. This is about re-specting the voices and the rights of the American victims. At about noon today, this Chamber should vote over-whelmingly to override President Obama’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act because the families have already suffered too much. They have already suffered un-told tragedy, and they deserve to find a path to closure that only justice can provide. I, like many of my colleagues, have had a chance to meet with a number of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.004 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6169 September 28, 2016 
the families of the victims of 9/11. Their stories are heartbreaking, and I know none of us will forget where we were on that fateful day. Our country has changed undeniably, but for these families, that day and each day serve as a tragic reminder of deep, personal loss. One of these family members whom I have had the chance to get to know is Marge Mathers, who now calls Texas home. Marge’s husband Charles worked on the 99th floor of the North Tower of the World Trade Center. She says she turned on the television that fateful day and watched in horror as the tower in which Charles was working col-lapsed. Marge moved to Texas soon after September 11, but her grieving—and our Nation’s grieving—continues and of course will never completely end. Long ago, I pledged to Marge and to other families I have met that I would do my very level best to help them right this wrong and to provide them an oppor-tunity to make their case in a court of law. So we will fix this law by extend-ing this 1976 provision, the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, to allow the families and the victims of the 9/11 tragedy to seek justice in a court of law in an American court. These families should have the right to make their case. These families should have the freedom to have their day in court, to have a judge hear their case, and to hold accountable those who played a role in their suffering. That is what this legislation is all about, providing them the freedom to do so. The families of the 9/11 terrorist at-tacks that occurred in the United States have waited a long time, and I am hopeful they will not have to wait any longer for the opportunity to pur-sue justice. I hope every Member of this body will join me in supporting this bill one more time and we will vote to override the President’s veto and further the cause of justice for these victims. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
FUNDING FOR FLINT , MICHIGAN  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to give the people of Flint, MI, the assurance that they are going to get some help after more than a year. I have had an opportunity to meet with Senator S
TABENOW . I talked with her a number of times this morn-ing. I have had occasion to visit with the majority leader, and I have spoken with Leader P
ELOSI . I am convinced that there is going to be help for Flint in the lameduck. They have been wait-ing for help, they deserve help, and I am very happy that it is going to come. The people there deserve relief. What is going on there has been wrong, but now I feel very comfortable in being able to say that the people of Flint, MI, will get help. I have had conversations with people who have been given the assur-ance by the Republican leadership that something will happen in the lame-duck. We have been waiting a long time to get this done, and it is going to happen. As I indicated a minute ago, I have had a number of conversations with Leader PELOSI this morning, and she— I never want to say what someone said, but I can say that I felt comfortable, after speaking with her, that the House feels comfortable with where they are on Flint, and we feel comfortable here in the Senate. I really appreciate the hard work of Senator S
TABENOW and Senator P ETERS  because they have been tireless, relent-less to make sure the people of Flint, MI, get some help. I think it should be a good day for the Senate. It should lead to our being able to move forward on the continuing resolution. There are a couple of out-standing issues, but I think they should be able to be resolved. I yield the floor. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to speak about the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, better known as JASTA. I am going to support the veto over-ride, but it is not without concern for the potential unintended consequences. I have come to the conclusion that the risk of shielding the perpetrators of terrorism from justice outweighs the risks on how other countries might re-spond to and perhaps compromise U.S. interests. Fifteen years have passed since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, but in my home State of Maryland and across the country, the pain caused by the events of that terrible day is still very real. The 9/11 attacks were a na-tional tragedy for the United States, but we were personally devastated for fathers, mothers, husbands, wives, and children in Maryland and throughout the country. The 9/11 victims and their families deserve meaningful relief, and I cannot support putting obstacles in the way of victims of terrorism seeking justice. I understand that this legislation may have an effect on long-held sov-ereign immunity principles, and I share some of those concerns that the Presi-dent has articulated in his veto mes-sage. I share the President’s view about the importance of upholding sovereign immunity to the extent that we can and to the extent that it makes sense, but the principles of sovereign immu-nity were put in place at a time when acts of international terrorism were not as common. Exceptions to sov-ereign immunity have grown over time as times have changed. In today’s world, it is my view that we must make sure that the international com-munity understands that there is a clear distinction between those who op-pose terrorism and those who sponsor terrorism. Those who commit or sup-port terrorist acts in the United States should face the full weight of our jus-tice system. JASTA’s intended purpose is to cre-ate a tort exception that allows vic-tims and their families to seek justice for acts of international terrorism in the United States that are caused by terrorist torts of a foreign state or its officials. Terrorism victims and their families in the United States should be able to have their day in court. We can-not, in good conscience, close the courthouse door to those families who suffered unimaginable losses. I have confidence in the American ju-risprudence system and that we will get this right in order to respect the lawful acts of governments but also to hold those who sponsor terrorism ac-countable under our system of justice. The legislation restricts the applica-tion of this exception. It only applies to acts of terrorism on U.S. soil. It es-tablishes a standard that is greater than negligence in order to be able to have an actionable claim. There is an ability for the government to stay the proceedings to negotiate a settlement. So the U.S. Government can intercede. I think these exceptions were put in and negotiated in order to try to deal with some of the legitimate concerns that were initially raised. As ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I recog-nize that there are risk factors in terms of how other countries may re-spond to the enactment of JASTA. As a nation with hundreds of thousands of troops that serve abroad, not to men-tion multiple foreign bases and facili-ties, the United States of America is a country that benefits from sovereign immunity principles that protect our country and our country’s interests, its Armed Forces, government officials, and litigation in foreign courts. There-fore, there is a concern of unintended consequences, including irresponsible applications to U.S. international ac-tivities by other countries. While I have faith and confidence in the American legal system, the same faith does not necessarily extend to the fairness of legal systems of other coun-tries that may claim they are taking similar actions against America when they are not. So we need to follow closely how other countries respond and try to mitigate the risks of the United States abroad. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.006 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6170 September 28, 2016 
In my role as the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, I in-tend to do just that. I will seek to work with my colleagues to try to mitigate these risks, and I similarly support the efforts of the State Department and Department of Defense to mitigate any risks to our diplomacy, assets, and troops abroad that may be caused by the enactment of JASTA. I intend to explore with my col-leagues the possibility of whether we need or will need additional legislative action. Such additional legislation would allow justice for family members of the victims of the 9/11 attack while ameliorating some of the potential ad-verse consequences of JASTA. Near my Baltimore office in the Inner Harbor of Maryland, there has been created a memorial to the victims of the 9/11 attacks. Inspired by an arti-fact of the New York World Trade Cen-ter, the memorial consists of three 22- foot-long twisted and torn amal-gamated steel columns from the Twin Towers. The memorial provides a place for contemplation and a site to remem-ber and reflect upon the events of Sep-tember 11, 2001, while paying tribute to the 69 Marylanders who lost their lives that day. Each year on September 11, Baltimore’s World Trade Center will act as a sundial to mark the chrono-logical inscriptions of the events of that tragic day. Today we hold close in our hearts and prayers those Maryland-ers who died on that day, as well as the families and friends whose lives have been altered forever. There are no actions we can take to sufficiently heal the pain and suffering so many thousands of Americans carry with them 15 years after that fateful September day, but our constituents and fellow citizens are asking for a path to justice. This legislation creates that path, and having weighed both sides carefully, I am compelled to up-hold it. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, last Friday, President Obama vetoed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, JASTA. Given the overwhelming, bipartisan support this legislation en-joys in both the Senate and the House, I was surprised and hence very dis-appointed the President disregarded the will of the People and chose this course of action. He chose to use his veto pen, but today it is my hope and expectation that the Senate will exer-cise its constitutional authority to override that veto. This legislation has been a truly bi-partisan effort since the day it was in-troduced. I joined Senators C
ORNYN and S
CHUMER as an original cosponsor last year. Our bill is sponsored by 16 members of the Senate Judiciary Committee. And if you know anything about the Judiciary Committee, you know that getting 16 members of our committee to agree on any legislation is no small task. We have some very conservative members, as well as some very liberal members. Getting all of those members on board with this important legisla-tion is a testament to just how broad its support really is. I moved this legislation out of our committee unanimously in February, and then the full Senate passed it unanimously in May. The House fol-lowed suit and passed it in September. Like the Senate, the House passed the legislation unanimously. That is how this legislation arrived on the President’s desk. It was sent to him with unanimous support in both the Senate and House, from Repub-licans and Democrats, conservatives and liberals. But it has run into some opposition. Of course, it is not opposed by the vic-tims of 9/11 and their families. They aren’t asking for legislation that tips the scales in their favor. All they want is the opportunity to present their case in a court of law. And that is what this legislation would give them. The legislation has run into opposi-tion because it is opposed by Saudi Arabia, who has been making threats against the United States about what it might do if Congress stands with the American people and 9/11 victims and their families, instead of the Saudis. Now, according to press reports, the Saudis have gone out and hired an army of lobbyists to work furiously in a last-minute attempt to derail it. So on what exactly has the White House and Saudi Arabia based its oppo-sition? They have made a lot of claims, but the one you hear most often is that if the United States stands with the 9/11 victims on this legislation and provides them the opportunity to make their case in court, then other countries could try to haul U.S. soldiers and other personnel into their courts. But what this claim ignores, of course, is that JASTA does not allow lawsuits against individuals, only for-eign governments, JASTA expressly prohibits lawsuits arising from ‘‘acts of war.’’ So any claim by the President that this is all about protecting U.S. personnel from being hauled into for-eign courts just doesn’t hold water. The second most common argument some are making is that if Congress stands up to the President, the Saudis and their lobbyists, and this legislation becomes law, then the Saudis will re-spond by pulling their money out of U.S. securities. Well, let’s set aside the fact that this appears to be an empty threat. It is highly unlikely that they would follow through on it. But even if they did, there would be plenty of buy-ers for those securities. But more im-portantly, is this really how we should be deciding policy? What kind of mes-sage would that send to other foreign governments? The message would be clear: if you want to influence U.S. legislation, make sure to buy up U.S. debt, and then threaten to sell that debt any time the United States Congress does something you don’t like. We absolutely cannot be intimidated or bend to that type of threat. That would send a terrible message to the rest of the world. So, it is unfortunate President Obama vetoed this important legisla-tion and that we now need to have this vote. But, it is my hope and expectation that the Senate—and the House—will stand with the 9/11 victims and their families, and stand up to the President, the Saudis, and their army of lobby-ists. I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, the decision whether to override the Presi-dent’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act has been a difficult one. Every Member of this body has vivid memories of September 11: the fires raging in the towers, smoke billowing from the Pentagon, a plane destined for the Capitol, but taken down by brave Americans—the sense that this Nation would never be the same. I strongly support the ability of Americans who are victims of ter-rorism on U.S. soil to receive com-pensation and their fair measure of jus-tice. That, at its core, is the goal of this bill. I have met with the families. I know many of those killed or injured in the attacks were not only the bread-winners in their families, but also mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, cousins and friends. I know the fami-lies’ deep and abiding sense of grief is just as intense today as it was 15 years ago. This bill has elements that are very strong and have my unqualified sup-port. For example, it expands the Antiterrorism Act to allow victims to hold accountable individuals who aid and abet or conspire to commit ter-rorist attacks. I have decided to support the bill today, but continue to be concerned about unintended consequences that may require Congress to revisit this bill in the future. My key concern relates to the excep-tion to the immunity of foreign gov-ernments. Proponents of this bill argue that the exception is narrow, that it applies only if a foreign nation, with ill intent, takes unlawful actions that cause an act of terrorism on our soil. But other nations that are strongly opposed to American actions abroad could respond by using the bill as an excuse to adopt laws that target our own government’s actions. A September 15 Washington Post edi-torial said it well: ‘‘It is not a far- fetched concern, given this country’s global use of intelligence agents, Spe-cial Operations forces and drones, all of which could be construed as state-spon-sored ‘terrorism’ when convenient.’’ Those of us on the Senate Intel-ligence Committee know that, if other countries respond to JASTA in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.008 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6171 September 28, 2016 
manner, it could jeopardize our govern-ment’s actions abroad. If that happens, it is likely that our government would be forced to defend against private law-suits, which could pose a threat to our national security. I had hoped some agreement could be reached to narrow the bill’s scope to limit those unintended consequences, such as by limiting the bill to the Sep-tember 11 attacks. I believe the threat of unintended consequences is real and must be miti-gated. To that end I have signed a let-ter with several of my colleagues who feel as I do that this issue will have to be revisited. I intend to work with my colleagues on a bill that would limit this bill to the 9/11 attacks, which were singularly devastating to our country. In addi-tion, I intend to look into whether we should limit the bill to apply only to those directly impacted by an attack— including individuals, their estates and property damage, rather than compa-nies with only tangential connections. Mr. GRASSLEY. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, over the course of the last several days, I have met with the victims of 9/11 and, like many people in this body have, I don’t think I have ever met a more gracious, genuine, sincere group of people. I know they have sought some way of ex-pressing their desire to seek justice in what happened on 9/11. We all have con-stituents who come up and meet with us. These people certainly have not been from the State of Tennessee, but I have to say, they have presented their case in a way that is most heart-felt, and I have tremendous empathy for all they and their families have gone through. Yesterday, on the way outside the building, a gentleman came up to me, recognized me, and told me about sitting in his home and seeing the planes go overhead, seeing them kill his wife. He talked to me about the conversation he had with the FBI agent, whom they have now gotten to know, about what had happened. Senator S
CHUMER and Senator C OR-
NYN have done a remarkable job in shepherding through this piece of legis-lation. I give them tremendous credit for what they have done. I do want to say, I don’t think the Senate nor House has functioned in an appropriate man-ner as it relates to a very important piece of legislation. We have had no hearings in the U.S. Senate this Con-gress, and we have had no vote—no vote whatsoever—of record on this piece of legislation. As a matter of fact, today will be the first vote. There is no doubt by fact that we went through the unanimous consent proc-ess and no one objected. No one ob-jected. No doubt that registered our ‘‘yes’’ votes, if you will, without a record on this piece of legislation. Yesterday I brought my niece and nephew to this building before it opened, and I told them about the fact that there is a place in the back here that from time to time I have gone to pray before a big vote, and how in re-cent times there haven’t been many votes that have been that decisive or that have weighed on me as much as this vote today. Today is one of those votes. I have tremendous concerns about the sovereign immunity procedures that could be set in place by other countries as a result of this vote. I do. For that reason, I have circulated a letter that lays out those concerns, and numbers of people within this body have signed that letter. They have said we feel there could be in fact unin-tended consequences as a result of what we know is going to happen today. I have seen our country’s standing in the world be eroded over the course of the last several years. I know there is debate over that. In my opinion, I have seen our standing erode. I am con-cerned about the consequences that over time this vote will have on that. At the same time, I believe the victims of 9/11 do deserve an outlet, a way, themselves, of seeking justice in this particular case. This, to me, is not about Saudi Ara-bia, it is about us, and I don’t think the Senate has yet gotten it right as it re-lates to the best way for the 9/11 vic-tims to seek that justice. I know this bill provides them a way for that to occur. I don’t think it is perfect. I think a better way might have been to establish some type of tribunal, where experts could come in and really iden-tify what actually happened on discre-tionary decisions that took place with-in the country of Saudi Arabia. We make decisions around here that we believe are to be in our national in-terests. I have had tremendous dif-ficulty with this one. That is the rea-son we have generated a letter of con-cern to the two sponsors of this bill who have handled this in the manner they have. They have done an exem-plary job. To me, the Senate has not functioned quite in the manner that it should, nor has the House, and I think we end up today with an imperfect so-lution. I have concerns about this legislation not having a waiver. I have concerns about the fact that over time, if this continues to build upon itself, we as a body—a body that, to me, could use some great strengthening. To me, we have a body that is in the process of building itself back to the place it ought to be, and we have done that over the last couple of years. Let’s face it. The institution of the United States Senate itself has diminished over time, and we have work to do to overcome that. On balance, I think this bill has prob-lems. I think we will be dealing with overcoming this over time, and I know numbers of us have joined together to express that, but I do think that to be consistent and to give the victims who have lost so much an opportunity to express themselves in this way is the appropriate thing to do at this time. I have read the concerns that have been expressed by the head of our Joint Chiefs. I read the letter that came over from the President. Certainly, there are significant and important points to have been made. As a matter of fact, 6 months ago those points might have led us to a slightly different place today. So with tremendous reservations and concerns about where this legislation is going to lead us, with tremendous empathy toward the victims—who have lived through so much, have seen loved ones gone, it has affected their lives and will affect their lives for the long term—I am going to support passage of this legislation today, but I do so un-derstanding that there could be in fact unintended consequences that work against our national interests, and with a determination—should that occur—to work with others within this body to try to overcome that. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that a bipartisan letter to Sen-ators CORNYN and S CHUMER regarding S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, from myself and Sen-ators C
ARDIN , G RAHAM , F EINSTEIN , A
LEXANDER , W ARNER , ROUNDS , REED, R
OBERTS , COONS , FLAKE , UDALL , COATS , N
ELSON , THUNE , SHAHEEN , KING, CAR-
PER, C OTTON , M CCASKILL , S ULLIVAN , M
ERKLEY , R ISCH, S CHATZ , M CCAIN, H
EITKAMP , H IRONO , and B ENNET be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SEPTEMBER 28, 2016. Hon. J
OHNCORNYN , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES E. S CHUMER , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATORS CORNYN AND SCHUMER : We are writing regarding the anticipated over-ride of the president’s veto of S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA). We appreciate the efforts that you have undertaken to allow the families who lost loved ones on September 11, 2001 to have ad-ditional recourse. We have a great deal of compassion for the families and respect their desire for justice. We understand your purpose in drafting this legislation is to remove obstacles so those who commit or support terrorist acts in the United States face the full range of con-sequences of the U.S. legal system. However, concerns have been raised regarding poten-tial unintended consequences that may re-sult from this legislation for the national se-curity and foreign policy of the United States. If other nations respond to this bill by weakening U.S. sovereign immunity pro-tections, then the United States could face private lawsuits in foreign courts as a result of important military or intelligence activi-ties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.023 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6172 September 28, 2016 
We would hope to work with you in a con-structive manner to appropriately mitigate those unintended consequences. Sincerely, Bob Corker (R–TN), Ben Cardin (D–MD), Lindsey Graham (R–SC), Dianne Fein-stein (D–CA), Lamar Alexander (R–TN), Mark Warner (D–VA), Mike Rounds (R– SD), Jack Reed (D–RI), Pat Roberts (R– KS), Chris Coons (D–DE), Jeff Flake (R–AZ), Tom Udall (D–NM), Dan Coats (R–IN), Bill Nelson (D–FL). John Thune (R–SD), Jeanne Shaheen (D– NH), Angus King (I–ME), Tom Carper (D–DE), Tom Cotton (R–AR), Claire McCaskill (D–MO), Dan Sullivan (R– AK), Jeff Merkley (D–OR), Jim Risch (R–ID), Brian Schatz (D–HI), John McCain (R–AZ), Heidi Heitkamp (D– ND), Mazie Hirono (D–HI), Michael Bennet (D–CO). 
Mr. CORKER. With that, Mr. Presi-dent, I yield the floor. I know the dis-tinguished Senator from New York who sponsored this bill wishes to speak. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, how much time is left on each side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democrats have 14 minutes remaining. The majority has 1 minute remaining. Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous con-sent that I be allowed to finish my re-marks and the vote occur immediately thereafter. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Tennessee. I know he comes at this with the best of intentions and spirit. We disagree, but he is an expert on foreign policy, and we all respect his judgment. I rise to speak on behalf of my bill, the Justice Against Sponsors of Ter-rorism Act, or JASTA. Soon we will vote on whether to override the Presi-dent’s veto of this bill. This is a deci-sion I do not take lightly, but as one of the authors of this legislation and a firm believer in its purpose, I believe the Senate should confidently vote to override, and I will lay out the reasons why as clearly as I can. The bill is near and dear to my heart as a New Yorker because it would allow the victims of 9/11 to pursue some small measure of justice, finally giving them the legal avenue to pursue the foreign sponsors of a terrorist attack that took the lives of their loved ones. Unfortunately, the courts in New York have dismissed the 9/11 victims’ claims against certain foreign entities alleged to have helped the 9/11 attacks. These courts are following what I be-lieve is a fundamentally incorrect reading of the Foreign Sovereign Im-munities Act. Do we want it estab-lished inflexibly in precedent that for-eign countries, directly responsible for financing terrorist acts on U.S. soil, are beyond the reach of justice? I don’t think so. I don’t think that. In an age where we have state sponsors of ter-rorism, I don’t think that is what the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act ever intended. For the sake of these families, it should be made clear—beyond a shadow of a doubt—that every entity, includ-ing foreign states, will be held account-able if they are sponsors of heinous acts like 9/11. It is very simple. If the Saudis were culpable, they should be held accountable. If they had nothing to do with 9/11, they have nothing to fear. I might add, the families are not sim-ply seeking justice for themselves. They want to make sure Saudi Arabia or any other country in the future knows they will pay the consequences if they aid and abet terrorism. In a cer-tain real sense, they are lighting a can-dle. When tragedy befalls somebody in a horrible and irrational way, a vicious way—as has befallen these families— the natural instinct the Scriptures tell us is to curse the darkness—why me?— to be angry, to turn inward, to wish the world would go away, but these fami-lies, with amazing fortitude, persist-ence, and courage, are lighting a can-dle. They are trying to make the world a better place, even though it will never bring their loved ones back, so it will never happen again. I so respect that, among many other things, about them. Let me address the foreign policy concerns some may have about the bill from which the veto arises. Senator C
ORNYN and I have discussed in depth many times on the floor how we have narrowed the bill to strike the proper balance between our interests abroad and the right of our citizens to obtain redress when they are victims of ter-rorism on U.S. soil. In fact, we penned a joint op-ed on that question in USA TODAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From USA TODAY, Sept. 27, 2016] G
IVE9/11 F AMILIES A LEGAL AVENUE : O
PPOSING VIEW (By Chuck Schumer and John Cornyn) The Senate will vote Wednesday on wheth-er to override the president’s veto of our bill, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA). As the authors of this legisla-tion and firm believers in its purpose, we be-lieve the Senate should confidently vote to override the veto. JASTA was written for one main purpose: to clarify under the For-eign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA) and the Anti-terrorism Act that every entity, in-cluding foreign states, must be held account-able if they are found to be sponsors of hei-nous acts of terrorism on U.S. soil. If the veto is overridden, this legislation would provide a legal avenue for the families of the victims of the 9/11 attacks to seek jus-tice in a court of law for the terrorist at-tacks that took the lives of their loved ones. And it would deter foreign entities from sponsoring terrorism in the future. The concerns we’ve heard about the legis-lation don’t hold up to scrutiny. JASTA’s op-ponents claim that the bill will subject U.S. diplomats and other government officials to a raft of potential lawsuits in foreign courts. Not true; JASTA simply builds on well-es-tablished principles under FSIA. It returns the law to the way it was before a 2008 court case that granted sovereign im-munity even in terrorism cases where citi-zens are murdered on U.S. soil. In the dec-ades before this, there was no flood of law-suits against U.S. interests. Consistent with FSIA, as designed by Con-gress, victims can sue a foreign government if one of its employees causes damage arising from drunken driving, assault or breach of contract. If U.S. victims can sue a foreign government for these reasons, they should be able to sue a foreign government that harms their loved ones by financing a terror attack on our homeland. There is always an excuse not to do some-thing, but the chief argument used by JASTA’s detractors is flimsy. When weighed against the moral imperative to do right by the families of the 9/11 victims—who con-tinue to strongly advocate for this bill—the choice is clear: Senators should vote to over-ride. Mr. SCHUMER. I wish to read a sec-tion of the op-ed that addresses the chief concern of JASTA’s opponents: 
JASTA’s opponents claim that the bill will subject U.S. diplomats and other government officials to a raft of potential lawsuits in for-eign courts. Not true; JASTA simply builds on well-established principles under [the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act]. It returns the law to the way it was before a 2008 court case that granted sovereign im-munity even in terrorism cases where citi-zens are murdered on U.S. soil. In the dec-ades before this, there was no flood of law-suits against U.S. interests. Consistent with FSIA, as designed by Con-gress, victims can sue a foreign government if one of its employees causes damage arising from drunken driving, assault or breach of contract. If U.S. victims can sue a foreign government for these reasons, they should be able to sue a foreign government that harms their loved ones by financing a terror attack on our homeland. 
Senator C ORNYN and I have worked very hard over the course of 6 years and several iterations of the bill to strike the right balance. It has been a long work in progress, and I believe the measure of our success is reflected by the unanimous support the bill re-ceived in both Houses of Congress. In this body, not a single person objected when it was brought to the floor to be voted on. Democrats and Republicans don’t agree on much these days, but we agree on JASTA. Both parties agree the fam-ilies of the 9/11 victims deserve justice. That, more than anything else, should weigh most heavily on our minds today. It has been 15 years since that awful day—a day that changed every New Yorker, every American. We will never forget the shock, the fear, the holes in our hearts, the friends and neighbors and loved ones we lost, the first re-sponders and union workers and fire-fighters and policemen who bravely rushed to the towers searching for signs of life in that smoldering rubble. I was there the day after. The smell of death was in the air. As a nation, we came together. We rebuilt. As New Yorkers, we did the same thing, but we will never ever forget. In this debate, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.005 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6173 September 28, 2016 
we cannot forget what this legislation means to the families of victims. It has been 15 years since Ms. Terry Estrada lost her husband Tom, who worked in the North Tower. Terry didn’t just lose a husband, she lost a fa-ther to a young son 7, daughter of 4, and a newborn baby boy. She lost a lov-ing father and her best friend. Terry and her children have championed this bill for over a decade. I thank them and all the other families—especially Monica Gabrielle, Mindy Kleinberg, Lorie Van Auken, Kristin Breitweiser, Patty Casazza—for their tireless advo-cacy and patience. Of course, no com-pensation could ever repair the broken hearts of a family who lost a loved one to such mindless hate, but as Jane Bartels, a mother from Staten Island who lost her husband Carlton on that sunny morning 15 years ago put it re-cently, ‘‘We just want our day in court.’’ ‘‘We just want our day in court.’’ The victims of 9/11 and other ter-rorist acts have suffered such pain and heartache, but they should not be de-nied their day in court. They should not be denied their pursuit of justice. There is always an excuse not to do something, but as Senator C
ORNYN and I have explained, the chief argument used by JASTA’s detractors is not strong. In fact, it is flimsy. When weighed against the moral imperative, we have to do right by the families of the 9/11 victims. The choice is clear. I urge my colleagues to override. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The question is, Shall the bill (S. 2040) pass, the objections of the President of the United States to the contrary notwithstanding? The yeas and nays are required under the Constitution. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
AND-
ERS) are necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would vote yea. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 97, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 148 Leg.] YEAS—97 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NAYS—1 
Reid 
NOT VOTING—2 
Kaine Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 97, the nays are 1. Two-thirds of the Senators voting, a quorum being present, having voted in the affirmative, the bill, on reconsider-ation, is passed, the objections of the President of the United States to the contrary notwithstanding. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
FUNDING FOR FLINT , MICHIGAN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, ear-lier this month, the Senate voted to help families affected by lead poisoning in Flint as part of the Water Resources Development Act, or WRDA. We are glad to see that progress is being made in the House as well to pass a WRDA bill that also includes help for Flint families. I have worked closely with Speaker R
YANand Leader P ELOSI to en-courage that progress, and I made it clear to them that I was extremely se-rious, and I just mentioned that again to Senator S
TABENOW —very serious about defending the Senate position in conference and ensuring that Flint funding remains in the final bill. We have a path forward to getting our work done, and if we keep working together, we will. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican leader and I have had a number of conversations. I yield to the senior Senator from Michigan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I wish to thank the majority leader for his comments and for the conversa-tions we have had—publicly and pri-vately—and our Senate Democratic leader, as well, for being such a stal-wart, as well as all of our colleagues. We in the Senate have done the right thing and moved forward on a WRDA bill that has an important package for Flint and other communities that have lead-in-water issues. At the beginning of this week, there was a House bill that did not include anything for Flint or anything around that contamination. We now have a commitment. There is going to be something in the House WRDA bill and a commitment that the final bill will include the work that we did in the Senate. So I wish to thank again Senator INHOFE , Senator B OXER , and all of our colleagues. This is a very positive step forward. I will just remind people that folks in Flint are literally bathing with bottled water every single day, and the sense of urgency only grows. So I am anxious to work with our leadership to get this done. Thank you. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we expect to start voting on the CR around 2 o’clock, and with a little co-operation, we should be able to get that over to the House this afternoon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to yield 1 minute to our ranking member on the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator B
OXER . I wish to yield to her for 1 minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I wish to thank my leader very much. Yester-day, Senator I
NHOFE and I were on the floor and I stated that if I felt there was an ironclad commitment to take care of the Flint, MI, problem and the lead in water across this Nation, I would support the CR. I interpret the strong language from my leader, H
ARRY REID, and the Republican ma-jority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , as an ironclad commitment. They spoke to the powers that be in the House. I know that Senator I
NHOFE and I are bound and determined to fix this, and believe me, I want to send a message to the people of Flint and to their Sen-ators, who have worked their hearts out: This will happen. If it doesn’t hap-pen, I have some ideas of how I am going to protest it, but it will happen. I take it as an ironclad commitment. I yield the floor back to my col-league, Senator R
EID. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2912 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise today to ask my colleagues to honor the life of Trickett Wendler, pictured here, who was a young mother of three who fought and lost her battle with ALS disease, and the lives of so many others who want the right to try to save their lives by passing the Trickett Wendler Right to Try Act of 2016. Now, like so many of my colleagues, we are often visited by our constitu-ents, people who are battling their own diseases, whether it is ALS or Duchenne muscular dystrophy, or dif-ferent forms of cancer. This is a very simple bill. What it is trying to do is very simple. It is trying to restore freedom. It is trying to give patients and their families hope—the freedom and hope that is being denied them right now by our Federal bu-reaucracy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.012 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6174 September 28, 2016 
This is a bill about people. Coming from my own standpoint, I think all of us recognize ALS as—initially, in its original name—Lou Gehrig’s disease. I certainly understood a little bit more about ALS when I heard about Tom Watson’s caddy. Then in Oshkosh, WI, a family member of our Lourdes High School family was stricken with ALS— Doug Potarske. He courageously bat-tled the disease and lost his fight as well. I met Trickett Wendler on May 23, 2014, when she came to Washington, DC, with a group of other advocates for ALS cures. Simply talking about my meeting with the Goldwater Institute and the bill they were promoting through the States—the Right to Try— and indicating to her my support for it, tears began streaming down her cheeks. She wanted that hope. But along this path, as I have advo-cated for the Right to Try bill, I have met other individuals—people like Matt Bellina, a former Navy pilot who testified before our committee just yesterday. He is a father of two, with his wife expecting their third child. He is also fighting ALS. He wants hope. During our press conference, when I introduced this piece of legislation, a man from Pennsylvania, Frank Mongiello, asked to say a few words. Already pretty far advanced in his ALS, it was difficult to understand Frank, but he quoted Abraham Lin-coln. Abraham Lincoln said: ‘‘If you get shot, you die once. If you dream, you die over and over again.’’ He made the point that not having access to some of these treatments for ALS is like dying over and over again. He wants some hope to be able to stay alive for his wife and six children. This bill isn’t only about ALS, though. It is about other incurable dis-eases. It is about other terminal pa-tients who have no further treatment options—little boys like Jordan McLinn, who also testified before our committee with his mother, Laura, a volunteer firefighter, and who is suf-fering from Duchenne muscular dys-trophy, a disease that is also terminal. This disease in particular indicates the problem we have with the FDA. There were more than 50 patients and advocates for an effective treatment, something that is being proven to be effective to extend the muscle function of these little boys. The FDA had an advisory committee meeting and lis-tened to the testimony of over 50 Americans begging the FDA to allow and approve that treatment. The FDA advisory committee voted 7 to 3 and said no, we are not going to give you that right; we are not going to give you that hope. Now, fortunately, I was overjoyed a couple of Mondays ago when the FDA overruled that advisory committee and actually approved those drugs and pro-vided some hope. If we want to understand how broken the process is, let me give a couple of metrics. In the decade of the 1990s, it took about 10 years from discovery to approval of a new drug. Today that time period stands at about 14 years. In today’s dollars, in 2004, it cost about $1 billion for a successful drug to go through that approval process. Today, it costs about $2.6 billion to have a drug approved. That indicates there is something wrong with the system. The Right to Try bill addresses what is wrong. It is not a panacea, but it is a good first step. The last person I wish to speak about is someone I consider a hero, someone I consider as a whistleblower, a coura-geous oncologist from Houston, TX, whose name is Dr. Ebrahim Delpassand. Dr. Delpassand was part of a clinical trial treating neuroendocrine cancer with a therapeutic agent called LU–177 octreotate. He was, in his opin-ion, successfully treating these cancer patients. He was extending their lives, but he butted up against a limit in terms of a clinical trial of 150 patients. So he requested from the FDA to ex-pand that to include another 78 of his patients who were terminal, who were dying from this aggressive form of can-cer. The FDA said no. Now, fortunately, for that doctor and those 78 patients, Texas had passed a Right to Try bill. The problem is the FDA has not weighed in. We don’t know whether the FDA will challenge these Right to Try bills. I could not get an answer from the FDA bureaucrats as to whether or not they are going to challenge it. So Dr. Delpassand took it upon himself and, on behalf of his pa-tients, courageously began treating those additional 78 patients. They are alive today because of his courage, with no help from the FDA. Thirty-two States now have enacted their own individual Right to Try leg-islation. In those States, 4,186 legisla-tors—both Democrat and Republican— have voted on those bills. Only 108 have voted no, and 4,078 legislators—97.4 per-cent of legislators in 32 States—have voted yes to Right to Try. There is nothing partisan about this. This is a completely bipartisan effort—again, trying to restore freedom, trying to re-store hope. The latest State was California. Gov-ernor Brown just signed that bill into law. We had in front of our committee last week State assembly majority leader Ian Calderon—a Democrat, I might add—who is a sponsor of that Right to Try bill. So all I am asking—we have 42 co-sponsors of this bill in the Senate. I have asked my other colleagues to join us as cosponsors. I realize that some of them don’t want to go that far. All I am asking is that no Senator stand up and object to providing a little bit of freedom, a little bit of hope to patients who simply have no other avenue. Now, to be respectful of people’s time, let me move to my request. I see Senator B
ARRASSO is here, and if he would also like to speak to this bill, I would like to give him that oppor-tunity. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2912 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; and I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. REID. Mr. President, I reserve my right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I under-stand the seriousness of my friend’s proposal. I understand the urgency that patients and their families feel who are desperate for new treatments. I could go through a litany of people who have been in predicaments like this, like this young lady here where we see her picture. I remember Wendy Rockenfeller. I went to see her in Boulder City. She was all dressed up, knowing that I was coming, in bed. She, at a very young age, was stricken with Lou Gehrig’s disease. She died 5 days after I saw her. She loved politics. She was involved in my campaigns. But this dread disease took her. Her husband was desperate. He took her to Mexico for some treatment that didn’t work, of course. But as my friend from Wisconsin said, he was looking for hope. Her husband Uwe Rockenfeller. Bob Forbuss was a young school teacher in Las Vegas, but he had a great knack for business. Without going through a lot of detail, he worked part time with an ambulance company. He wound up owning that big, big ambulance company. He was very successful, made a lot of money, but he was stricken with Lou Gehrig’s disease, and he died—not as fast as Wendy, but he died. I went to see him the day before I saw Wendy. So I understand the urgency of the patients, but also we have a situation here. There are ways to improve the access process so it works better and faster for patients. My friend talks about 40 or 42 cosponsors. Basically, virtually every one of the Republicans are cosponsors but not Democrats. Why? Because, there are major players in this bill that simply haven’t had an opportunity to tell us what is wrong with the bill. They have told me per-sonally. I believe we should do what we need to do in order to have a good, respon-sible piece of legislation. I also want everyone to understand it is really dif-ficult to comprehend when we have had 7 weeks—we just finished a break here and we are going to take 10 more weeks. Why didn’t we take the time to have a hearing on this? I think we should have had a hearing on Merrick Garland. Why haven’t we had a hearing on Merrick Garland? The reason my Republican friends have not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.015 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6175 September 28, 2016 
had a hearing on Merrick Garland is that they know that if they had a hear-ing on Merrick Garland, people would see who he is, and having seen or lis-tened to this man, they would be hard- pressed to vote against him. That is why they are not doing a hearing. So, for all these reasons, that we haven’t had a vote on Merrick Garland, we had absolutely no workout on this process. As desperate as the situation is, and I understand it, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ob-jection is heard. The Senator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, this is beyond disappointing that the minor-ity leader would refer to this as poten-tially a partisan bill. Let me reiterate. In 32 States, where 4,186 State legisla-tors have voted on this, 4,078 have voted yes, Republicans and Democrats alike—97.4 percent. This is a bipartisan effort. It provides freedom, it provides hope, and it is beyond disappointing that the minority leader would object. I would ask my colleague Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , the Senator from Wyoming, who has been a real leader on the issue, for example, with Duchenne muscular dys-trophy, what has he heard from pa-tients and his constituents in terms of the hope that this bill will provide them? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, peo-ple ask for hope. They want hope and need hope. As a young doctor in my training, I worked at a children’s hos-pital in the muscle disease clinic, and what I saw were families because mus-cular dystrophy, specifically Duchenne’s, runs in families. Families come into the clinic, and you knew the day you were seeing that young person it was going to be the best day that person ever had because this is a progressive disease and they are looking for hope and they look to you as a physician for hope and they look to the researchers for hope. That is what this Right to Try legis-lation does. It provides hope. I believe it goes further than that. It is not just hope, it is also help because the re-search we have seen with this drug for muscular dystrophy, for Duchenne muscular dystrophy—and when you talk to the parents and talk with the patients, and I have met with the par-ents and met with the patients, what they are seeing is that day in the clinic is not their best day with declining after that, they have actually seen a reversal, which is miraculous. I am talking about working in a muscle dis-ease clinic when I was in my twenties. We are talking a long time ago in my professional career working with peo-ple with muscle disease. This is the first thing I have actually seen that has actually reversed that declining trend that we see in young people with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, where they go from being able to walk to then walking more slowly, to then graduating to a wheelchair. So all we are asking for is hope, when we know there is hope that is available and it may provide help. The State of Wyoming passed the Right to Try law. The attorney general for the State of Wyoming is with us today. He knows about this. He knows it is bipartisan. There was nothing par-tisan about this, I would say to my col-league from Wisconsin. There was over-whelming bipartisan support by the legislature. It was signed by our Gov-ernor. Yet we see the minority leader come to the floor and object to a vote, which is something that would pass in-credibly. He did it because his rea-soning was something about a nominee of the President to be on the Supreme Court. We are talking about people who are dying today, such as the woman whom this legislation is named after with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis—Lou Gehrig’s disease. People did the ice bucket challenge. We saw Bill Gates have somebody pour a bucket of cold ice water over his head in an effort to try to help someone with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. The minority leader came and named a couple of people who lost their lives. We all know people who lost their lives. The Senator from Alaska had a relative who lost his life to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Every time I go to mail a letter at the Post Office in Casper, WY, and drive down Randy Maxwell Boulevard, it is named after a postal worker who lost his life to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. He would have loved the right to try. So I come to the floor in support of my colleagues, in support of this legis-lation, and I am so sorry and sad to see the minority leader, the Senator from Nevada, stand and object to an oppor-tunity to give the Senate the right to try, to give patients the right to try, at a time when we know there is actually potential cures available and there are people who are looking for the hope and looking for the help those poten-tial cures provide. I would say to my friend and col-league from Wisconsin, thank you for your leadership. Thank you for bring-ing to the floor the beautiful face of the patient from your home State who lost her life in the fight, who didn’t have a chance to try. Thank you for your leadership on the Duchenne muscular dystrophy front and for all people who are suffering around this country who need hope, who need help, and we know there is actually help available. Thank you for your caring and your work on this, and I continue to stand with you and your efforts, as do many Members of the U.S. Senate and many, many Ameri-cans. I thank you for your continued leadership and your determination. I thank the Senator from Wisconsin for his incredible efforts, and I say this with profound disappointment in the minority leader to see that he would come to the floor and object to people having a right to try to save their lives. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Wyoming for his leadership on this issue. I want to also point out how bad I feel and how sad it truly is because some of those in-dividuals I spoke of—some of those pa-tients and families—were watching on C–SPAN today. They had their hopes up that the minority leader would not play politics with this issue, would not play politics with their lives. In the last 15 minutes, those hopes have also been dashed. I care about that. I note for the RECORD that in my committee we have held two hearings on this Right to Try bill so the minor-ity leader is simply incorrect when he says we have not held hearings. We have fully vetted this piece of legisla-tion. I once again point out how bipartisan this has been in the States—97.4 per-cent of State legislators who voted on this have voted in support of it. I have another colleague, the Senator from Indiana, who has joined me in a number of instances in writing to the FDA to try and break the logjam on some of these treatments, making them available to people, giving them hope. I would ask the Senator from Indiana what stories he has to tell about his constituents who are asking for that freedom, that right to try, that right to hope? Mr. COATS. I thank the Senator from Wisconsin, a great friend and someone whose passion has been brought to the U.S. Senate. Based on issues where people are hurting, I just can’t thank him enough for bringing to this body the kind of energy and the kind of passion that is directly related to the pain people are suffering with in his State—whether it is loss of a job, the death of a child or something related to education or whether it is something related to just every day, Senator R
ONJOHNSON has been on top of it. This is a perfect example of the kind of passion he brings. He refuses to say: I can’t go any further. He refuses to take and accept the minority leader’s objection to this—along with my col-league from Wyoming and others—to this bipartisan supported measure. How can the minority leader come down and give an example of why every parent deserves the right to try, to try to save their children, to take advan-tage of medicines and procedures that might be that miracle cure, and then say: No, we are not going to take it up. We are not going to give that to you because we know you are in a tight race. Essentially, that is what he is saying. We know you are in a tight race so we are not going to do any-thing. Put yourself in the shoes of a parent who is trying to save the precious life of a child. How can you put an election in a State that is up for grabs—how can that trump the kind of sorrow and clinging to the last hope parents are making? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.017 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6176 September 28, 2016 
I commend the Senator. I have had the great privilege of serving together with him since 2010, and we have be-come friends. His passion, whether it is the national debt or whether it is any number of issues, but particularly on this, that goes right to the heart and soul of every parent in this country who is doing everything they possibly can to save their child, and to be de-nied that opportunity because of a po-litical situation just astounds me. I commend Senator J
OHNSON . I know he will not give up. I know he will fight this to the end. We stand with him. There is nothing partisan about this issue, and there is no reason we can’t come down as a body and endorse and pass by unanimous consent what Sen-ator J
OHNSON is asking. There is no reason whatsoever. I am with him to the end. We are all with you to the end. I think we ought to just keep asking because I don’t believe a Senator here can understand why politics should trump something like what you are trying to do. Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly thank the Senator from Indiana for his support on this issue. I will conclude by saying, this is a sad day for the U.S. Senate; that the minority leader would turn his back on terminal patients and their families, deny them that freedom, that right to try, that right to hope, to score a political point—it is a sad day for the U.S. Senate. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, people talk about partisan gridlock and the do-nothing Congress. There is plenty of justification for it. Judge Merrick Gar-land, nominated to the Supreme Court on March 16, has been waiting for a hearing, not to mention a vote, for more than 6 months. None of the ap-propriation bills to fund the govern-ment in 2017 will be enacted before the end of this fiscal year, just 2 days from now, even though every one of them has been reported by the Appropria-tions Committee. We are once again voting on a stopgap continuing resolu-tion to keep the government running until December 9. As part of the continuing resolution, I proposed including a provision that would give American businesses a level playing field against their foreign com-petitors. Right now, the Export-Import Bank cannot approve financing totaling more than $10 million, because the Re-publicans have refused to vote on the President’s nominee for the third mem-ber of the Ex-Im Bank’s board of direc-tors. Under current law, that means the Bank lacks a quorum, and it is se-verely limited in what it can do. My provision would have permitted the current board members to approve financing over $10 million, for the pe-riod of the continuing resolution. This was not a farfetched idea. In fact, both House and Senate fiscal year 2017 appropriations bills that are wait-ing for a vote include a similar provi-sion. By including it in the continuing resolution, we would simply be doing what majorities in both appropriations committees have already agreed to. According to the Ex-Im Bank, it cur-rently has a pipeline of more than 30 transactions, each of which exceeds $10 million, valued at over $20 billion in total that are stalled because of the quorum requirement. In other words, the Republican lead-ership is blocking financing to U.S. companies that are ready to compete for contracts to sell their products and services overseas. They may not get the chance. One would think, since Republicans regularly insist that they are the party that cares more about American busi-ness, this would not be difficult. They talk about wanting to help U.S. compa-nies so they will not move offshore. They talk about standing up for Amer-ican workers. They talk about a lot of things. But did they include it? No. There wasn’t even a debate. They just said no dice because a tiny minority of their members opposes it. That is what has happened to the Congress. Because the Republican lead-ership either supports or is unwilling to challenge obstructionists on their fringe, nothing happens. There are countless examples of it. I hope the American people are pay-ing attention. I hope businesses around the country that pay taxes and need support from the Ex-Im Bank are pay-ing attention. Elections do matter, and this is just one of many reasons. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the continuing resolution that the Senate will soon be voting on, which regretfully, I am un-able to support. For the past year, I along with my colleague from Michigan, Senator P
ETERS , worked to craft a bipartisan agreement with funding to help fix the city of Flint’s water system that ex-posed 100,000 people to lead laced drink-ing water. And thanks to the leader-ship of Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman I
NHOFE and Ranking Member B
OXER , the Senate a few weeks ago voted 95–3 to approve the Water Resources Development Act with this desperately needed funding. Unfortunately, the CR before us today addresses disaster funding for flooding in Louisiana and other com-munities, but asks the families of Flint to wait at the back of the line again. I cannot support a CR that includes funding for other communities but not Flint, whose residents have waited too long for much-needed aid. However, because of the stalwart sup-port of my colleagues—particularly vice chairwoman of the Senate Appro-priations Committee B
ARBARA MIKUL-
SKI, Environment and Public Works Committee Ranking Member B
ARBARA  B
OXER , and Democratic leaders H ARRY  R
EIDand N ANCY PELOSI —Republicans in the House of Representatives have agreed to a path forward for enacting legislation this year that contains as-sistance for the people of Flint. I would also thank Majority Leader MCCONNELL for his commitment to en-suring that Congress does not adjourn this year without enacting WRDA leg-islation that contains the Senate ap-proved funding for fixing Flint’s water pipes and addressing drinking water problems that communities across the country face. While the absence of assistance for Flint prevents me from supporting the continuing resolution, I am very pleased that it contains $1.1 billion to combat the spread of the Zika virus. More than 2,000 pregnant women in the Nation and our territories have evi-dence of being infected by Zika, more than 20 babies have been born with Zika-related birth defects such as microcephaly, and at least six preg-nancies ended because of the virus. In Puerto Rico, the Surgeon General said that 25 percent of residents will be in-fected by Zika virus by the end of this year. In southern Florida, health offi-cials are combating the mosquitoes spreading the virus there in the hopes of slowing the virus’s path. With fund-ing to combat Zika now secured, the hard work begins to end the threat Zika presents to our families. I am also grateful that the short- term spending agreement contains the Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs Appropriations bill, which pro-vides funding to ensure that our mili-tary facilities are mission ready and that Michigan’s 698,000 veterans can ac-cess the care and benefits they have earned. The fiscal year 2017 Military Con-struction and Veterans bill includes $11.3 billion more in mandatory fund-ing and $2.6 billion more in discre-tionary funding than last year’s budg-et. Although discretionary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs is below the amount that was included in the bill approved by the Senate earlier this year, the total amount in the CR still exceeds last year’s enacted level by $2.9 billion. I strongly support this funding that provides for essential medical care, disability compensations, mental health services, long-term care, veteran specific medical research, and claims processing improvements. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
THE NATIONAL DEBT  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, a few weeks ago, I was asked to act as emcee for the Arizona Distinguished Young Women’s Scholarship Program. During the self-expression portion of the evening, meant to showcase how quick-ly these women could think on their feet, the participants were asked the following question: If you could live a day without rules and consequences and do something truly outrageous, what would it be? Remember, these are high school sen-iors. As I stood on stage and called on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.018 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6177 September 28, 2016 
each of the young women to answer the question, Alexis, from Tempe, con-fidently took the microphone and said: 
I would fly to Washington, DC, go to the United States Senate floor, and ask each Senator this question: ‘‘What do you plan to do about the national debt?’’ 
The audience roared its approval, and I was put on the spot. This is a topic that has received scant attention in this political season, this election sea-son, but it was put front and center at a scholarship program. We shouldn’t be surprised by this. For every day that we adults continue our obsession over emails and birth certificates, these high school seniors recognize that we are spending $1.4 bil-lion more than we are taking in. This will result in nearly a $500 billion def-icit this year, which will be added to our burgeoning $19 trillion debt. They know this and understand this because this is the debt they will be left with long after our political careers are over. I have long believed that of the myr-iad problems we face in this country— from terrorism to nuclear prolifera-tion, to infectious diseases, to climate change, to aging infrastructure, to unaffordable health care—our looming debt and persistent deficit are our most urgent challenge. If we don’t put our fiscal house in order and put ourselves on a sustainable fiscal path forward, we will not be able to address any of the problems and the challenges I just list-ed. If we continue in our current state of denial, one day in the not so distant fu-ture, we will wake up and discover that the financial markets have already de-cided we are no longer a good bet. When this happens, the low interest rates that have made our debt manage-able over the past couple of years will begin an upward march. For every quarter point that interest rates go up, an additional $50 billion will be re-quired annually just to service the debt for every quarter point the interest rates go up. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that if we don’t address our fis-cal imbalance and interest rates return to where they traditionally have been, within a decade nearly all of our dis-cretionary budget will be swallowed up with just one item—paying interest on the debt. Think about that for a minute. How do we fight a war on terrorism without spending any money on national de-fense? That is part of our discretionary budget. How do we replace aging infra-structure when there is no money left after we have paid our monthly install-ment on our credit cards? Infectious disease-carrying mosquitoes will not stop at our borders out of concern for our fiscal predicament. Once national interest rates begin their inevitable rise, the control over our fiscal situation will pass from this body, from Congress, and from the ex-ecutive branch to our creditors. We will then enter an austerity cycle that will negatively impact the global econ-omy, and it will worsen our own fiscal outlook. How do we avoid this gloomy pic-ture? If we want to put ourselves on a sustainable fiscal path, we can’t just nibble around the edges. Discretionary spending has been largely held in check over the past several years, but the re-tirement of the baby boomer genera-tion has led to huge increases in our so-called entitlement programs. Discretionary spending represents an ever-shrinking percentage of our total spending. Putting ourselves on a sus-tainable fiscal path has to involve a grand bargain of sorts, such as the one contemplated by the National Commis-sion on Fiscal Responsibility and Re-form, more commonly known as Simp-son-Bowles. Of course, this outline will need to be updated to take into ac-count the nearly $7 trillion of debt that has accumulated just in the past 6 years, but it is a good place to start. It is tempting for both Republicans and Democrats to say: Well, we will deal with this debt problem if voters give us control of both Chambers and the White House. Believe me when I tell you that this will not happen. No one party, Republican or Democrat, will take the political risk that is in-herent in dealing with our debt prob-lem—not my party, not the party on the other side of the aisle. Midterm elections are never more than 2 years away. No, it will take buy-in from both par-ties. Both parties have to be willing to hold hands and jump together. With divided government over the past 6 years, we have had the condi-tions necessary for a long-term budget agreement, but we have lacked the po-litical courage to get it done. We can-not afford to squander that oppor-tunity any longer. If the results of the November elec-tions produce divided government once again in January, here is hoping that while we may publicly grumble, we will privately see it as an opportunity to redeem ourselves as stewards of this in-stitution and put the country back on a sustainable fiscal path. 
NATIONAL HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH  
Mr. President, I rise to recognize Na-tional Hispanic Heritage Month, which is celebrated from September 15 to Oc-tober 15. Originally signed into law in 1968 to be just 1 week, it was expanded by President Ronald Reagan as a month-long recognition in 1988. This month recognizes the social, economic, and cultural contributions of the more than 57 million Latinos liv-ing in the United States. In my home State of Arizona, the Latino popu-lation has nearly tripled in the past 25 years, and now it stands at just over 2 million people. This is nearly one-third of the State’s population, and Hispanic children already make up more than half of the K–8 public school students in Arizona. From an economic view, Hispanic- owned small businesses are growing at a rate of two or three times the na-tional averages and now roughly total 125,000 statewide. Businesses owned by Hispanic women are growing even fast-er. In Arizona, Hispanic Heritage Month is celebrated through historic lectures, movie screenings, culinary and arts festivals, gallery exhibitions, and mu-sical celebrations. These are but a few items to highlight when noting the contributions of those of Hispanic her-itage. I am pleased to have a moment on the Senate floor to talk about National Hispanic Heritage Month. With that, I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. PERDUE ). The Senator from Indiana. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, as we are temporarily winding down here, I am told we will be back in November, pass-ing a short-term continuing resolution or funding for the government until we do return. Then, after the election, we will deal with the longer term. I wish to take advantage of this remaining time to once again, for the 52nd time in this last 2 years, come to the Senate floor to talk about the waste, fraud, and abuse that exists within the Fed-eral Government and what its impact is on taxpayers’ hard-earned tax dol-lars. I have talked about everything from the very serious ways in which Med-icaid, Medicare, and Social Security have been violated and spent, wasting billions of dollars through checks going to people who are dead, people who don’t qualify, and on and on. We have talked about some ridiculous examples of expenditure of Federal dollars. Today, I was thinking: Well, this is kind of a small amount. We are only talking about $1 million here, and we have been talking about billions. All of a sudden it hit me that $1 mil-lion is not a small thing. I think we have lost perspective here in terms of these numbers. What do they mean to us? People say: Do you want to be a mil-lionaire? Well, that would be unbeliev-able if I could be a millionaire. I mean, of course I would want to be a million-aire. If you are a millionaire, you are living in high cotton. But we dismiss $1 million as change, just a few pennies here and there when it is compared to billions of dollars, hundreds of billions of dollars, and even trillions of dollars. In just the last 8 years under the Obama administration, we have taken our national debt—that is money we borrow to pay for things we have ex-pensed. We don’t have the revenue to cover it, so we have to borrow that money. As my colleague from Arizona was just discussing, interest has to be paid. When we arrived at the beginning of this administration, it was about $10 trillion, and it has literally doubled— almost doubled. In just 8 years of time, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.019 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6178 September 28, 2016 
230-some years since the beginning of this country, we have doubled the debt from $10 trillion to nearly $20 trillion. It is hard to grasp what a million is, let alone a billion, let alone a trillion. So, yes, this is just ‘‘a million dollars,’’ but every penny that is wasted is taken from taxpayers or is money not applied to essential functions of the Federal government, such as our national de-fense, health care, or whatever. This is one of these ridiculous wastes of a mil-lion dollars. The Department of Education has paid money for the creation of a video game called ECO. The Department of Education is trying to have classrooms use this game for students, literally for ideological purposes. Obviously, what they were basing ECO on is what hap-pens in Washington, DC. They were creating a virtual government through a video game. The students could vote by a majority vote as to whether to add something to this government in terms of what their policies were or take it away, but the game rules also ruled that the group’s operator could act as a king, issuing all rules by him-self or herself. If the king didn’t like what the students did by majority vote, the king would simply say: Fine, that means nothing. I am going to im-plement it anyway. It sounds an awful lot like what we have been through under this adminis-tration. The vote of the peoples’ rep-resentatives in the House of Represent-atives and the Senate essentially has been bypassed in many instances by the President of the United States. Once again, through an ideological decision made by members of the ad-ministration, we now are teaching stu-dents that this is really how it works. If you want to make a difference, we need to give that king all kinds of au-thority. I define this as a waste. I define this as a waste of taxpayers’ money. The function of government is not to brainwash students, through video games, into a form of government that violates our Constitution, violates all precedents in terms of how we operate around here. Yet time and again I have stood on this floor, Members have stood on this floor, and simply said: This is the function of the people’s rep-resentatives. This is a function of how they vote, yea or nay. This is a func-tion of how it works through the proc-ess of defining a law, ultimately land-ing on the President’s desk. Yet we have a President who simply says: The heck with all that stuff. I am just going to implement whatever I want to do, and, by the way, let’s spend tax-payer dollars to teach children that this is how government should work. I think it is not just a shame, I think it is ridiculous. It is way over the top. We are adding not a huge amount to the number, but through these 52 weeks we have accumulated $328 billion of waste, fraud, and abuse. It just keeps on going. I could come to the floor every day. I could come here every hour of every day to try to describe the volume of certified waste, fraud, and abuse we have collected in our office. As long I have the opportunity to be able to do that, I am going to keep doing it, pointing out how government is mishandling the money that the tax-payers are sending to Washington. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. President, in the time remaining that I have, let me simply say that while the White House spin that the economic recovery from the Great Re-cession is a huge success, to use their words, poll after poll—from The Econo-mist to YouGov, to Reuters, to Ipsos, to Rasmussen—shows that nearly two- thirds of Americans think our economy is on the wrong track. The White House spin is one thing, but the facts clearly define the Obama administration’s record of low eco-nomic growth numbers. So we hear the rhetoric coming out of the President’s spokesman and the President himself and some Members of the Senate that things are working very well. Well, let’s look at the facts. The truth lies in the facts, not on what somebody wants to tell you the truth is. Fact: Under the Obama administra-tion, real growth continues to average only half the growth of an average re-cession recovery over the last half cen-tury. We have had many recessions, but the surge of economic activity post those recessions has been twice as much as what has happened over this recession, which took place in late 2008 and early 2009. It has been nearly 8 years, and we have had half of the aver-age growth of all other recessions over the past half century. Fact: Productivity growth has slumped under President Obama. Fact: Business dynamism has slowed down significantly. Fact: Today, a smaller number of Americans are working than before the recovery began. Fact: For those Americans who have been able to get jobs, a larger number are working part time. While President Obama is touting re-cent gains in household income, the facts show that the median American household is still bringing home less money than it was before the recession began almost 9 years ago. Based on these facts, it is clear that the economic policies employed by the Obama administration have not worked. It is one thing to come down here and listen to the President or Members say: Look, these policies have worked, and it is a great success; it is another thing to look at the reality of what has hap-pened and say: No, it is not a success. Too many Americans feel there is no end to this current cycling of medioc-rity. It has almost become the new nor-mal that we are going to grow at 1, 1.5, or 2 percent a year instead of normal post-recession growth of 3.5 or 4 per-cent or even more. There is a reason why these policies, in my opinion, have not worked. I think it is also a major reason why the American people simply say: Look, you had your shot. You said you knew how to run government. You said you knew how to grow the economy. You put these policies in place. Well, it hasn’t worked. When something doesn’t work, you don’t just keep perpetuating it—which is what I think the election is all about, frankly—you turn to other poli-cies that worked successfully before. I want to name three things that I think should substantially improve the growth of the economy in the United States. Clearly, taxes are too complex, regu-lations are tying the hands of job cre-ators, and the ever-growing Federal debt is crowding out private sector in-vestment. All these are facts. So it is time to change this truth, take a long-term look at why the Obama administration policies have failed, and employ new policies. Let me outline three new policies. First, our broken Tax Code is pun-ishing job creators. We have the highest combined cor-porate tax rate in the developed world—all of our competitors have a much lower corporate tax rate than we do—and that puts us at a disadvantage. Of course that is why we have an im-balance in our trade accounts. Small business owners face mind-numbing complexity in rates as high as 44.3 per-cent due to Obama tax increases. Reducing business tax rates, both large and small, and simplifying the 74,000 pages in the Internal Revenue Code—the Tax law—will help American companies retain their competitive edge in the face of globalization so that we can expand and create new jobs. We have been talking about this for years. It hasn’t happened. Tax reform is abso-lutely necessary to get our economy growing again. Secondly, policymakers in the ad-ministration need to streamline and re-duce burdensome regulations that are holding our economy down. The Obama administration continues to issue regulations at a record-setting pace. This flood of redtape wastes time and resources, stifles jobs and new business startups, and dampens eco-nomic growth. The businesses I visit in Indiana have story after story saying: We are swamped with regulations. In-stead of producing or selling our prod-uct, we are filling out paperwork and sending it to Washington, going through months and months of waiting for approval of this, that, or whatever. Regulatory reform is absolutely es-sential if we are going to get our econ-omy to grow. Third and last of the three major issues: Growing Federal debt is crowd-ing out the private sector. Over the years, as I have said, Presi-dent Obama has nearly doubled our na-tional debt, racking up more debt in the 8 years of this administration than in all previous years of every President who preceded this 44th President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.021 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6179 September 28, 2016 
Think about that. The amount of debt we have incurred under this President exceeds all of the other debt since the beginning of this country under 43 pre-vious Presidents. When we put these three together, I believe that is the direction in which we need to go. Hopefully, as we are closing out this administration, that is the direction we will be able to take to get our people back to work, get our economy growing again, and make America great again. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG OVERDOSES  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, we have come to a crisis point in our coun-try, and I speak about this on a weekly basis. It is drug overdose, legal pre-scription drug overdose. When I talk about legal prescription drug overdose, these are well-noted, good pharma-ceutical companies that make a lot of products that save people’s lives and help them immensely. It is done with the approval of the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and then it is adminis-tered and basically recommended by the most trusted person next to your most trusted family members—your doctor. Then we look around and we have a product on the market that ba-sically is killing Americans every day. In West Virginia, drug overdose deaths have soared by more than 700 percent since 1999. We lost 600 West Virginians to opiates last year alone— more than any other form that has ter-minated people’s lives in that State. Of the 628 drug overdose deaths in the State in 2014, most were linked to pre-scription drugs; 199 were OxyContin re-lated, while 133 were attributed to hydrocodone. West Virginia had the highest rate of prescription drug over-dose deaths by any State last year—31 per every 100,000 citizens. The next closest State was New Mexico, with 25 deaths per 100,000. In West Virginia, providers wrote 138 painkiller prescriptions for every 100 people. I want to repeat that. The pro-viders, our doctors, wrote 138 painkiller prescriptions for every 100 people. That doesn’t even sound feasible. It doesn’t even sound right. It is the highest rate in the country. Between 2007 and 2012, drug whole-salers shipped more than 200 million pain pills to West Virginia. My State has a population of a little less than 1,850,000. So we have about 1,800,000 people and prescription drug whole-salers shipped more than 200 million pain pills to my State. Think about that—200 million pain pills and we have fewer than 2 million people. Unbeliev-able. That is 40 million per year. And this number doesn’t include shipments from the two largest drug wholesalers, so it is even higher than that. Every day in our country, 51 Ameri-cans die from opioid abuse. People are dying as we speak. Here are the na-tional drug abuse facts: Drug overdose was the leading cause of injury and deaths in 2013. Among people 25 to 64 years old, drug overdose caused more deaths than motor vehicle crashes. There were 41,982 drug overdose deaths in the United States in 2013. Of those, 22,767—or almost 52 percent— were related to prescription drugs. Drug misuse and abuse caused about 2.5 million emergency department vis-its in 2011. Of those, more than 1.4 mil-lion were related to prescription drugs. Among those emergency visits, 420,000 were related to opiate analgesics. Nearly 2 million Americans ages 12 or older either abused or were dependent on opiates in 2013, and on top of that, they are recommending giving hydrocodone to children as young as 12 years of age. Of the 2.8 million people who used an illicit drug for the first time in 2013, 20 percent began with the nonmedical use of prescription drugs, including pain relievers, tranquilizers, and stimu-lants. The United States makes up only 4.6 percent of the world population. With over 7 billion people who live in the world, we have about 320, 330 million people, so that is a little less than 5 percent. Yet we consume 80 percent of the opiates. This Nation, which is less than 5 percent of the world’s popu-lation, consumes over 80 percent of all the opiates that are produced and con-sumed in the world—how did we be-come so addicted?—and 99 percent of the world’s hydrocodone, which is Vicodin. Opiate abuse has jumped 287 percent in 11 years. We are not very pain-tolerant anymore. In 2012, health care providers wrote 259 million prescriptions for pain-killers—enough for every American to have a bottle of pills. Misuse and abuse of prescription drugs cost the country an estimated $53.5 billion per year in lost produc-tivity, medical costs, and criminal jus-tice costs. Ask any law enforcement— town, county, or State police—and they will tell you that 80 to 90 percent of all the calls they go on are related to some kind of drug use or abuse. Since 1999, we have lost almost 200,000 Americans. If that is not an epi-demic, I don’t know what is. And why we are not up in arms—everybody in this country—fighting this epidemic is beyond me. I have always said this is a silent killer. It doesn’t matter whether you are Democratic or Republican. This is not a partisan killer. Whether you are a liberal or a conservative, whatever your religious beliefs, what-ever your race is, this one has no home. This goes after everybody. But it is a silent killer because we keep our mouths closed because we don’t want to admit to anybody outside of our family that we have a problem. My son has a problem. My daughter has a prob-lem. My niece or my nephew, my mom or my dad, my uncle or my aunt has a problem. We think we will keep that in. We won’t talk about it. Well, we don’t talk about it, and it continues to grow and grow. We have a lot of bills in the hopper right now. The LifeBOAT Act. If I hear 1 time a day, I hear 10 times a day: There is no place to get treatment. I want my child to get treatment. I want my parents to get treatment. There is no place to send them. I have said we need to do something about that. We need to get a perma-nent funding stream. So I have intro-duced a bill that says that one penny for every milligram of opioids that is produced in the United States of Amer-ica will go to a treatment plan. That means every part of the country that has been affected will be able to get treatment. They will have a funding mechanism. Some people say: Well, that is a tax. We don’t want to put a tax on it. Well, I am sorry, we do it on ciga-rettes and we do it on alcohol. We know this is killing people all over the country. No State is immune. Yet we are afraid to move forward. I am hoping we can come together as a body and find a pathway forward so that we can treat addiction as the ill-ness that it is and try to get people back into productive lives and, most importantly, save their lives. This would be one way to do it and do it in a way that we can all look at ourselves and look at what we have done for our constituents and say: We helped you. The Promoting Responsible Opioid Prescription Act. This bill would de-couple hospital and physician pay-ments. Right now, if an addict comes in and they don’t get what they want, they will report you for bad service. They will report a doctor and they will report a hospital or a clinic, and that basically determines the type of reim-bursement they get from Medicaid or Medicare. That is ridiculous. If addicts don’t get what they want, they are going to be mad at everybody. So we need to change that. The Changing the Culture of the FDA Act. The FDA should not be putting products on the market that we know are going to alter your life or alter the community or destroy your life. They are there to protect us. If they give a stamp of approval, it should be done because it is a product that we know will not deteriorate or destroy our lives. The FDA Accountability for Public Safety Act will require the FDA to seek advice. I will give a perfect exam-ple. They continue to put opioids on the market every day. There are people who are applying to put more products on the market. We don’t need any more products. We have enough painkillers, and we are consuming 80 percent of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.022 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6180 September 28, 2016 
world production now. How many more do we need? They come out with tough-er and stronger products. I can’t even understand why they do it, but they say it is needed for different purposes. And then what happens on top of that is that it is against the advice of their own advisory committee. The experts in their field are saying: Don’t put this product on the market, but they do it anyway. We are saying: Stop that prac-tice. And they will not be able to do that anymore if we pass this piece of legislation. My good friend from Louisiana, who is a doctor, understands Jessie’s Law. Jessie’s Law basically would say this: If you have a member of your family— a child, and you are the guardian or the parent and you go to the hospital, both the child who is trying to recover from an addiction and the parents sign that this child has an addiction and this child is in recovery right now, so be very careful what you administer. Red flag that. Make sure—the same as if they were allergic to penicillin—that everyone who handles their chart knows. A young girl named Jessie Grubb in my State of West Virginia died because the discharging physician was not made aware of her condition and pre-scribed 50 oxycodone. She used 10 of them, and she was dead at 1 o’clock in the morning, the same day she got dis-charged. This can be prevented. This piece of legislation should have been passed, and I am hoping we can come to grips with that. I am going to read one letter, if the Senator from Louisiana will indulge me, my good friend and colleague from Louisiana. I am going to read the obit-uary of Emmett Scannell. This obit-uary was written by Emmett Scannell’s father. No father should ever have to write his own child’s obit-uary. I have spoken with Mr. Scannell. He has given me permission to share his son’s story as part of his ongoing ef-forts to break down the stigma sur-rounding addiction. The first thing you break down is the silence. Parents are willing to speak out now. They want help. They want us to recognize that they need help, and we need laws to help protect them. 
On April 20, 2016, our 20 year old son, Em-mett J. Scannell, lost his battle to Sub-stance Use Disorder and died due to a heroin overdose. Emmett had been in recovery and sober in Alcoholics Anonymous for 2 years when he went off to college in late August 2014. Within 6 weeks, heroin came into his and our lives, stole him from us, and Sub-stance Use Disorder killed him in only 18 months. Adored brother of Zachary Scannell and Alice D’Arpino of Mansfield. Beloved son of Aimee Manzoni-D’Arpino (and her husband John A. Manzoni-D’Arpino) of Mansfield and William E. Scannell (and his life partner, Brenda Rose) of Bridgewater; Nephew of Paula Mountain and Brian Mountain of Raynham and Brian Scannell of Raynham; grandson of Peter and Patricia Campos Manzoni of Easton and Paul Scannell and Nora Scannell, both of Raynham; loving cousin of Josie Mountain, Scott Mountain, and Carley Scannell, all of Raynham. Emmett was a National Honor Society stu-dent who graduated from Bridgewater Raynham Regional High School in May 2014. Unfortunately he is not the first member of his class to die from Substance Use Disorder. Emmett was a sophomore at Worcester State University, where he was studying computer science on a full academic scholarship. But most recently he had, and died from, Sub-stance Use Disorder. Emmett was a caring, funny, smart young man with the potential for greatness. He loved his brother and sister, biking and snowmobiling and had a smile and charm that could light up a room, but it won’t ever again because he had and died from Sub-stance Use Disorder. You see, Substance Use Disorder is not something to be ashamed of or hidden. It is a DISEASE that has to be brought out into the light and fought by everyone. It con-tinues to cut down our loved ones every day. Please do whatever you can to fight it so that you never have to feel what every one of us who has lost a loved one is feeling right now. We all thank you for your condolences and prayers and ask that you continue to pray for Emmett’s soul and our family. . . . Please come to the church where he and his Dad attended their 12–Step Recovery Pro-gram together and enjoyed the best years of their lives together. . . . Our family cannot begin to express how much the outpouring of love and support we have received means to us. Knowing our son was loved by so many simply means the world to us! No parent should ever have to write their child’s obituary, especially when it was preventable. We have to come to grips with this as a society. We are losing a generation. We are losing a generation that could be helping us economically, that could be helping us find new cures for dis-eases, that could be helping us in main-taining the superpower of the world and the world order. I look at this, and every day people are pleading for help. They need help. I ask all of you to pray for Emmett and his family, but also, if you have a problem in your family, speak out about it. Let’s get the help that is needed. We have professionals who want to help. As a body, let’s do the right thing and find a funding source so that we can put the clinics and the treatment centers around the country that are needed. In the State of West Virginia, my colleague Senator C
APITO knows very well that we have a challenge and we have a problem and we have a killer, and we are going to stop it, rid it, and wipe it out. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I have spoken on the floor twice now to tell the stories of the devastation caused by the great flood of 2016 and the depth of need the families of Louisiana have. Since I last spoke, about 10,000 more people have applied for individual as-sistance through FEMA, and now about 150,000 folks in Louisiana have applied for individual assistance. This is a seri-ous, immediate issue, and we need help for those who are in great need. In all of the debate back and forth, some people have forgotten or never re-alized how massive this disaster was— an unprecedented event. The National Weather Service deemed this as a once- in-a-thousand-years event. Twenty par-ishes have been declared disaster areas. In the city of Denham Springs, 90 per-cent of homes flooded, and in about half of the structures flooded, it will cost owners over 50 percent of the value of the building to repair. Ninety percent of the housing stock in this town has been flooded. According to the estimates by the Advocate newspaper—the paper in the Baton Rouge area—as many as 12,000 Baton Rouge area businesses flooded. The National Flood Insurance Program has found that when businesses floods, as much as 40 percent of them never re-open. For a small business to reopen their doors, there is great cost, and this can prove too great to rebuild. The consequence of this is to the owner of the business, but it is perhaps felt more greatly by the employees—and their families—who lose their jobs. This flooding caused $8.7 billion in damage. If you take out hurricanes, this has been the most expensive nat-ural disaster to happen in the United States in the last 100 years. Let me re-peat that. Take out Sandy and Katrina, and we have the most expensive nat-ural disaster in the last 100 years—$8.7 billion. No one was prepared, and it is not their fault. Less than a quarter of the population had flood insurance because the flood occurred in areas more than 50 feet above sea level. One fellow who called me lives 7 miles from the river, and he got 4 feet of water. He did not expect to have a flood and was not re-quired to have flood insurance. Why would you when you are 7 miles away from the river? Thousands of families were com-pletely caught off guard by a thousand- year flood and are now struggling to pick up the pieces. They need our help. They are trying to make a decision whether to rebuild or just move on: We can’t afford to repair our house. We owe more than it is worth. Let’s just walk away from our mortgage, buy a trailer, and hopefully be able to do something different in the future. Here are a couple of examples of fam-ilies affected. This is a street. This is not a lake; this is a street. This is a family being evacuated by volunteers. The water was too deep for them to get out. You can imagine, if this is on the street, it is also in the house. And that which most people keep—wedding dresses, picture albums, toys, clothes— is flooded too. When the water recedes and the water goes out of the house, also what goes out are these heirlooms, picture albums, clothes, and piles of de-bris on the side of the road. Let me also remind you of Dorothy Brooks. She is 78 years old. In this pic-ture, she was being rescued out of 3 feet of water. You can see the water here next to the deputy’s leggings. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.024 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6181 September 28, 2016 
is in Tangipahoa Parish, and this is Sergeant Thomas Wheeler. Dorothy re-lies on a wheelchair. As you might guess, she could not evacuate, nor could she prepare for the flooding. Dorothy is not the only person who is handicapped or who is a senior citizen who was affected. At their age, they have been unable to evacuate but also unable to carry out the repairs once the floodwaters recede. One example of this is Roy and Vera Rodney—both in their eighties—who had 4 inches of water in their house. It was not a whole lot, but 4 inches. The FEMA in-spector told them their home was hab-itable, so they were denied repairs and rental assistance. Being in their eighties and having no family in town, they couldn’t gut and repair their home on their own. The water sat, and there was damage to the carpet. Their belongings sat. Mold came in, mold spread, and now their house is too unhealthy to live in. They have evacu-ated to family who live far away, and while there, they are not available to let volunteers come in to gut their house. In the weeks that they have been forced to wait, the house has re-mained ungutted and mold has contin-ued to spread. Because they could not get their aid in time, the cost of recov-ery has grown. The Rodney story is the story of the whole region. Dollars to help that come sooner will have a greater impact than the same amount of money that comes later. Again, if the Rodneys had been able to take out 4 inches of wet base-board, furniture, carpet, wood flooring, their home would have dried and they would have rebuilt. Because they could not, mold spread, the damage in-creased, and now the whole house has to be remediated. The same amount of money sooner has a greater impact than later. That is the story of us seek-ing funding for Louisiana in the CR. Helping each other is a fundamental American value. I ask all my col-leagues to support this continuing res-olution with the money for disaster re-lief for families—not just in Louisiana but also in Louisiana—who have been faced with natural disasters, to help families like these who have lost ev-erything put their lives back together. Let’s do what is right and pass this leg-islation so we can help relieve these flood victims. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Louisiana for all the hard work he has done to try and make sure those folks he talked about, and those tragedies he has brought to light for all us, are getting the best as-sistance they deserve. I think every State, whether it is Louisiana, West Virginia, Georgia, or wherever we live, we are all subjected to a national emergency at some point. It could be a flood, fire, large snow-storm, windstorm, or tornado—any of these events could happen to any of us. That is why I have always, through the course of my legislative career, looked favorably to try and help particular areas of this country that need extra assistance. Senator C
ASSIDY has been particularly effective here, and it has been my pleasure to work with him and others on this subject. I have already talked on this topic earlier in the week. We are close to having a vote on this legislation, and hopefully it will pass so we can bring badly needed relief not only to Lou-isiana, West Virginia, and other places but to also have the funding that will carry us through December. I am a member of the Appropriations Committee, and the Senator from Lou-isiana is a member as well. I think we are both frustrated that we are at a point where we have a continuing reso-lution after passing our appropriations bill out of the Appropriations Com-mittee in a bipartisan way. I think we worked well together to provide the greatest impact and voice on indi-vidual bills, but unfortunately that process broke down. We are where we are, and in between the time of those appropriations bills, West Virginia suf-fered one of the worst floods we have seen. A State like West Virginia has small communities, such as Clendenin, Rainelle, Richwood, and Clay. These are small towns much like every small town in America, and there are people who are still not able to get back into their homes and water systems that have not been running since June. Banks of creeks and water systems are still in disrepair. In order for folks to get their needed assistance, we need to pass this con-tinuing resolution. Our Governor has identified 310 million additional dollars through the Federal Community Devel-opment Block Grant Program, and an overwhelming amount of this—90 per-cent of the homes that have now been impacted—was not covered by flood in-surance. The $310 million, which the State has identified as a real need, was supposed to go to putting folks back in their homes, new homes, and homes that any one of us would want to live in, but unfortunately they were not able to do that. More than 5,000 homes in the State of West Virginia were identified as a loss. Twenty-three people lost their lives in the flood because it came so suddenly. West Virginia has beautiful hills, but we also have some valleys as well. When the water rushes, it rushes fast and quickly fills those valleys, and un-fortunately some of the families had very tragic circumstances. Many fami-lies, thousands of them, lost every-thing. Small businesses are unsure if they can rebuild and workers don’t know if they still jobs. I know the town of Clendenin—19 miles from where I live in Charleston—has a very uncer-tain future, and that is why it is very important that we get this downpay-ment of emergency relief for our State and States like Louisiana and Texas. We are going to work together to make sure we can secure additional funding, if that is what our Governors—and I think both of our Governors have iden-tified additional problems. I thank the leader, Senator M
CCON-
NELL . I think this has been a week of pushes and pulls and ups and downs. I think he was very skillful by working with the Democratic leader and the leaders over in the House, and we now have a good pathway forward. I wish to express my appreciation to him for his leadership and his ability to, I think, find an answer to some very difficult questions. I also thank our Appropriations chair, Senator C
OCHRAN , for his work on this bill. I wish to speak about Flint, MI, for a few minutes. Nearly 7 months ago, I was one of the very first cosponsors of the bipartisan legislation that Senator S
TABENOW introduced, along with Chairman I
NHOFE and Ranking Member B
OXER , that would direct resources to address the serious water problem in Flint. I strongly supported the inclu-sion of the Flint provisions in the Water Resources Development Act, as did many of us, and the vote was 95 to 3, 2 weeks ago. I know the leadership is committed to taking final action to help Flint later in the year, and I wholeheartedly support that. Unfortunately, West Vir-ginia had a water crisis, too, and al-though the impact we had was different than what we saw in Flint, we know how devastating it is for businesses and residents to not have clean drinking water. This also has critical funding for our veterans and the opioid and heroin crisis we see sweeping across the country. I see my colleague from Maryland is here. Her State has also had some flooding as well. We are right next door to one another, and I thank the Sen-ator for her leadership. With that, I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise in support of voting for the continuing resolution. Over the last several days, there have been votes I have had to op-pose, but I think we have arrived at a place where both sides of the aisle can support this continuing resolution. Is it perfect? No. Is it acceptable? Yes. Is it necessary? Absolutely. The first thing we need to do is make sure we do not have a government shutdown or a government slamdown. Those wonderful men and women who work for the Federal Government, those who are keeping our Social Secu-rity offices open, those who serve our veterans, and those who are working at NIH right this minute on a cure for cancer or helping people with Alz-heimer’s need to know we are not going to play partisan politics with last- minute dramatic efforts to get one party or the other to stare each other down. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.026 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6182 September 28, 2016 
This continuing resolution, which will be before our colleagues shortly, meets three goals that we Democrats have laid out. No. 1, it keeps the gov-ernment open through December 9 so we can finish the work on government spending and what they call an omni-bus bill, meaning all of the subcommit-tees that would fund the U.S. Govern-ment; No. 2, that we do it in a way that abides by the balanced budget agree-ment of 2015; No. 3, ensure that it does not contain draconian poison pill rid-ers, which is true with one regrettable exception, the SEC political disclosure rider, which is where we tell corpora-tions that if they give money to polit-ical parties, they need to disclose it. The bill does do important things. First of all, it fights Zika with $1.1 bil-lion worth of emergency funding with-out objectionable riders restricting funding. It also contains funding for our veterans so they get the health care they deserve and have earned so we can shrink the disability backlog and that we don’t leave the veterans stranded while waiting to see a doctor. I wish to compliment those who worked on that particular funding. I also want to say it does contain dis-aster relief for flooded communities like Louisiana and West Virginia, but the bill does not respond to the compel-ling needs in Flint, MI. However, we do have leadership on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the dome pledg-ing to get money to Flint during the lameduck session. I commend Senators S
TABENOW and P
ETERS for their advocacy—those of the Senators from Michigan—for their constituents. There are still 100,000 people in Flint, MI, waiting for their water pipes to be clean and safe. Small business owners are trying to keep their doors open, and mothers are wor-ried about whether their children will suffer any cognitive damage as well as slow growth and development in the fu-ture due to the lead in their water. When we were fighting for Flint, we were fighting for the 100,000 people who needed to be able to count on their gov-ernment so we could get the lead out of what we do and get the lead out of their waters. We were disappointed about Flint, but we do know it con-tains an approach that is acceptable to the Senators and the Members from Michigan. This bill includes $1 billion for Zika funding that I talked about, and it also funds money for our veterans. I could elaborate on this more, but what I want to say is this. Through a con-versation that was arrived at by talk-ing across both sides of the aisle, we were able to get through this legisla-tion. I thank the Republican leader, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , for his work and talk-ing with me as well as working with our leadership to achieve a bill I think we can support. We want to make sure we finish the job today so we can keep the government open and that we pass the omnibus in December, among the other bills we are going to be dealing with, which will be very important, and I will have more to say about it. What I am saying now, to my side of the aisle, is that this is an acceptable compromise. It might not be the most desirable, and we could continue to de-bate and dispute that, but it is accept-able. I urge my colleagues to vote for the bill, and I look forward to keeping our government open and working on the final product of an omnibus bill with my chairman of the Appropriations Committee, the Senator from Mis-sissippi, who again wants to achieve compromise and do it in a way that is civil. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to the motion to re-consider the motion to invoke cloture on Senate amendment No. 5082 to H.R. 5325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I move to recon-sider the motion to invoke cloture on Senate amendment No. 5082 to H.R. 5325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 5082 to H.R. 5325, an act making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Thad Cochran, John Cornyn, Daniel Coats, Roger F. Wicker, Thom Tillis, John Barrasso, Lamar Alexander, John Hoeven, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Susan M. Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Steve Daines, Tom Cotton. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 5082, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , to H.R. 5325, shall be brought to a close, upon recon-sideration? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Virginia (Mr, KAINE) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
AND-
ERS) are necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would vote ‘‘yea’’. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 77, nays 21, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 149 Leg.] YEAS—77 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—21 
Booker Cruz Daines Franken Graham Heitkamp Heller Inhofe Lankford Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Paul Perdue Peters Sasse Scott Sessions Stabenow Warren 
NOT VOTING—2 
Kaine Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 77, the nays are 21. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion, upon consider-ation, is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to commit falls. The majority leader. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 5083 AND 5085 WITHDRAWN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw amendments Nos. 5083 and 5085. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 5082 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to vitiate the yeas and nays on the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to amendment No. 5082. The amendment (No. 5082) was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.028 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6183 September 28, 2016 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to the motion to re-consider the motion to invoke cloture on H.R. 5325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to reconsider the motion to in-voke cloture on H.R. 5325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 5325, an act making appropriations for the Legis-lative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Thad Cochran, John Cornyn, Daniel Coats, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, John Barrasso, Lamar Alexander, John Hoeven, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Susan M. Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Steve Daines, Tom Cotton. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on H.R. 5325, an act making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses, shall be brought to a close, upon reconsideration? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
AND-
ERS) are necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would vote yea. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 77, nays 21, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 150 Leg.] YEAS—77 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NAYS—21 
Booker Cruz Daines Franken Graham Heitkamp Heller Inhofe Lankford Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Paul Perdue Peters Sasse Scott Sessions Stabenow Warren 
NOT VOTING—2 
Kaine Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 77, the nays are 21. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion, upon reconsider-ation, is agreed to. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on H.R. 5325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the measure? If not, the question is on the engross-ment of the amendment and third read-ing of the bill. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, shall the bill pass? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
AND-
ERS) are necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would vote yea. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 72, nays 26, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 151 Leg.] YEAS—72 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Wicker NAYS—26 
Booker Corker Cruz Flake Franken Graham Heitkamp Heller Inhofe Lankford Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Paul Perdue Peters Risch Sasse Scott Sessions Stabenow Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Kaine Sanders 
The bill (H.R. 5325), as amended, was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session and the Banking Committee be discharged from further consideration of PN1053, the nomination of John Mark McWatters, of Texas, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export- Import Bank; that the Senate proceed to its consideration and vote without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. SHELBY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Oregon. 
f 
ONE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF UMP-QUA COMMUNITY COLLEGE SHOOTING Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to thank Senator M
ERKLEY and Senator P
ETERS for their courtesy to speak for a few minutes. In a few days, it will be exactly 1 year since the tragic shooting that took nine innocent lives and left nine more injured at Umpqua Community College, outside of Roseburg, OR. Sen-ator M
ERKLEY and I will be there in a few days. We understand that for the families and the friends of those lost or injured—the students, faculty, and staff—this time is going to be a painful reminder of an extraordinarily difficult day. Senator M
ERKLEY and I are so proud of that community. We call it ‘‘UCC Strong.’’ Yet we want to remember those individuals whose lives were ripped away that day and all in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.032 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6184 September 28, 2016 
community who have been suffering. Oregonians everywhere have had these victims and their families in their thoughts, and those thoughts are going to be uppermost throughout Oregon in the days ahead. Senator M
ERKLEY and I have spent a lot of time in Roseburg over the last few months. Folks there will tell you they do all they can to go forward, but the trauma doesn’t really disappear. Whether it is a walk past Snyder Hall or the sight of a student running on campus, the painful memories just keep rushing back. As the school presses on, there are a lot of exciting developments on the campus. There is a new college presi-dent hard at work. The school just opened its doors to the new Bonnie J. Ford Health, Nursing, and Science Cen-ter, with state-of-the-art classrooms. Extraordinary resilience is being seen at UCC and Roseburg, but this is going to be a very difficult few days as we re-flect on this horrendous shooting. Of course, the sad reality is that the shooting takes place on a long list of such shootings—horrible mass shoot-ings targeting the innocent. Families and across the country scarred by the shootings share a sorrowful bond. I know that Roseburg and the move-ment we know as UCC Strong and the whole State of Oregon have come to-gether over this last year to support the families, the victims, and those who were injured. Over the next few days, Senator M
ERKLEY and I are going to dedicate and redouble our efforts to do all that we possibly can to reach out again to folks in Roseburg and be sup-portive and do everything we can as Senators, honored to represent Oregon in the U.S. Senate, to prevent more shootings such as the horrible one that took place at UCC in Oregon. I yield the floor to my colleague Sen-ator M
ERKLEY . I very much appreciate the chance to work with him and our delegation on this. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I join with my friend and colleague, Senator W
YDEN , to recognize the somber anni-versary of the tragedy that struck our home State of Oregon a year ago. On October 1, 2015, the town of Roseburg was changed forever. Roseburg is a quiet, beautiful, small town, like so many others across our Nation. I spent part of my childhood in Roseburg. I was there as a toddler, in kindergarten and first grade. That is where I learned to swim, in the Ump-qua River. It is a place where I find it hard to imagine anything terrible hap-pening. Community members are so sup-portive of each other, but something terrible did happen that beautiful au-tumn day of October 1, when the lives of 9 Oregonians—students and teach-ers—at Umpqua Community College were tragically cut short by the ac-tions of a crazed gunman. Nine incred-ible, innocent people were taken from us in the blink of an eye. I want to take a moment to share the names of those nine victims and to say a few words about each of them. There is 19-year-old Lucero Alcaraz, who was a freshman who had graduated from Roseburg High School. She want-ed to become a pediatric nurse and to help care for the most vulnerable of our citizens. Quinn Cooper was a member of the Cow Creek Band of Indians who grad-uated with Lucero from Roseburg High School. That fateful October day was only his fourth day of college. He loved dancing and voice acting. He loved martial arts and was just a few days away from taking his brown belt test. Lucas Eibel graduated from Roseburg High School. Lucas was studying chem-istry. He loved soccer. He loved ani-mals. He spent his time out of school volunteering at the Wildlife Safari ani-mal park, as well as at a local animal shelter. There is 20-year-old Treven Anspach. His parents called him the perfect son, who was, in their words, larger than life and brought out the best in those around him. He was a talented athlete who also loved working with the Doug-las County Fire District. Kim Dietz loved the outdoors, her husband Eric, their daughter Shannon, and their two Great Pyrenees dogs. She would carpool with Shannon every morning and worked alongside her hus-band for many years as a caretaker at the Pyrenees Vineyards in Myrtle Creek. Jason Johnson. Jason had been fac-ing substantial challenges, as so many others have, but he was proud to have taken control and turned his life around. After completing a 6-month rehab program with the Salvation Army, Jason decided he wanted to go back to school and continue his edu-cation. Jason’s mother said: ‘‘He fi-nally found his path. Sarena Moore. Sarena came from my hometown of Myrtle Creek. She was in her third semester at UCC studying business. She was an active member of the Grants Pass Seventh-day Adventist Church and the proud mother of two adult sons. Lawrence Levine was an English pro-fessor at UCC who loved the blues, and he loved fly fishing. He was a quiet, laidback guy who loved teaching, but his true passion lay in writing novels, though tragically his life was cut short before he could publish his work. Rebecka Ann Carnes. She was my first cousin’s great-granddaughter. She was an 18-year-old graduate of South Umpqua High School. She was an avid hunter and loved four-wheeling. Rebecka was a beautiful spirit. She was excited for college and excited to get out and explore the world. In a pic-ture she posted online, you can see that she had written on her high school graduation cap, which she was holding in front of her, ‘‘and so the adventure begins.’’ She was ready for the adven-ture of a life to come, but it was an ad-venture that was cut short in a hail of bullets. Though the persistence of time may force us to move forward, we must never forget these beautiful members of the community or forget the tragedy that took their lives. Their families, the Roseburg community, the Douglas County community, and the entire State of Oregon continues to mourn their loss. There is an Irish saying which goes: ‘‘Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.’’ Our hearts continue to ache for these nine wonderful individuals who were taken from us far too soon. In the aftermath of this tragedy, the fabric of the Roseburg community and greater Douglas County community has only grown stronger. The community has rallied together through the UCC Strong Fund to support the families of those who died, to give aid to those who survived, to make Umpqua Com-munity College an even greater asset to the community than it was a year ago, and to celebrate the lives of these nine men and women and ensure that their memories continue to live on. This Saturday, another autumn Oc-tober 1, the community will come to-gether and walk together to mourn, re-member, and support the families of those lost, embrace and help heal those who were injured and those who were traumatized, and continue to rebuild the community. As they come together on Saturday morning, all of Oregon will come together with them by hold-ing them in our thoughts, our hearts, our prayers, and mourning with them. We will be remembering, supporting, embracing them, and partnering with the amazing Umpqua Strong commu-nity. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. f 
FUNDING FOR FLINT, MICHIGAN Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish to take a moment to thank my col-leagues for their ongoing support and patience as we continue to fight to de-liver Federal support for Flint fami-lies. With an agreement earlier today to take up a bipartisan House amend-ment to the Water Resources Develop-ment Act, or WRDA, we have taken an-other step forward to finally put Flint on the road to recovery. Just a few days ago, we still had some Members in Congress who were refusing to allow even a vote to provide any assistance to the families in Flint, but with this agreement, we now have a commitment from the House leader-ship to move forward in helping Flint families. While I am pleased with this development, I remain disappointed that the passage of today’s continuing resolution will not deliver Federal funding to Flint residents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.042 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6185 September 28, 2016 
To be clear, I strongly support con-tinuing to fund the government, and I believe there are many good policies in the CR. It contains resources to ad-dress the spread of the Zika virus and disaster relief for flood victims, both of which I support a great deal. In fact, we know the threat Zika poses to our Nation’s public health, and it is crit-ical that we have finally passed fund-ing to accelerate vaccine development, prevent Zika transmission, and boost public health efforts to the impacted communities. In addition to addressing these emergencies, I also support the inclusion of legislation to fully fund military construction and the VA for the coming year. As a former lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy Reserve, I support in-vestments in VA programs, military personnel, and family housing for our servicemembers. This critical funding will also address disability claims proc-essing, the health care needs of female veterans, and the urgent need to mod-ernize the VA’s information technology systems. Inclusion of veterans funding and resources to fight Zika had broad bipartisan agreement, but I think it is important to know the Senate also reached consensus on providing much needed relief to the victims in Flint by passing a WRDA bill earlier with 95 votes, but these fully paid-for Flint re-sources were put on hold while disaster relief for flood victims in Louisiana was included in the CR. I support help-ing the people of Louisiana, but I also strongly believe we should not be in a position where we pick some States to help and not others. Everybody, no matter who they are or where they live, if they are facing a crisis, if the U.S. Congress is going to help those in need, we need to help everyone regard-less of where they live. Americans are Americans regardless of the State in which they reside; therefore, I could not support a government spending bill that will once again force the citizens of Flint to wait for the help they so desperately need. It is simply unacceptable that a bi-partisan, fully offset Flint aid package was left out of the CR. There is no ex-cuse whatsoever for leaving the people of Flint behind. It has been a year since the first public health emergency declaration was made in Flint and over 8 months since a national emergency was declared. Yet almost 100,000 resi-dents of Flint still do not have a reli-able source of safe water. They are still using bottled water to drink, cook, and bathe. I deeply appreciate the progress we have made so far, but Flint families should not have to wait any longer. When a disaster strikes in this coun-try, we pull together to help each other out. We should do that for all commu-nities. We shouldn’t tell people who have waited so long—yet we are telling them—to get to the back of the line. This is why I cannot support this bill which prioritizes one State’s emer-gency over another. We should do right by the people of Flint as well as the victims of flooding, Zika, and other national emergencies. Over the coming weeks, I will be working to ensure that we follow through on the promises that were made to the people of Flint this week in both Chambers of Congress. We must send a bill to the President that will help the people of Flint continue to re-place their damaged pipes so they can turn their faucets on and have clean, safe water flowing from their taps once again. I certainly hope and expect that my colleagues in both Chambers will not let the people of Flint down in their desperate time of need. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. (The remarks of Mr. C
OONS and Mr. B
OOKER pertaining to the introduction of S. 3432 are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OUR BUDGET PROCESS Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise today and ask unanimous consent to engage in a colloquy with my Repub-lican colleagues up through the next hour. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I be-lieve what we are going to talk about over the next hour is one of the most important issues facing our govern-ment. We sat here today and listened to a lot of very valid pleas for help from the Federal Government. The reality is, we don’t have the money. There are four words I have not heard in the U.S. Sen-ate or Congress, actually, since I have been here over the last year and a half, and those words are ‘‘We cannot afford it.’’ The problem is that right now we have a budget crisis. We have a debt crisis. Let me say this: Fixing the budget process will not solve the debt crisis. Let’s be very clear about that. But we will not solve the debt crisis unless and until we address the dys-function in our budget process. The problem is that in the last 42 years, since the Budget Act of 1974, the budget process has only worked four times. This chart explains this fact. We can see the yellow lines show that—and I hope my colleagues can focus on this— only four times in the last 42 years has this budget process that was enacted in 1974 actually functioned at all to fund the Federal Government. One of the major responsibilities of our jobs here in the Senate and the House is to fund the Federal Govern-ment, to take care of discretionary needs such as those heard today from Flint, MI, Louisiana, West Virginia, and Maryland. These are valid needs, but every dime we spend in our discre-tionary spending is borrowed. I will talk more about that a little later. We have some speakers today who are going to talk about the results of not having a budget process that works. This chart explains that over the last 42 years, since 1974, there were four times that the 13 appropriations bills actually got passed and we funded the government the way we are supposed to. The blue lines are the actual appro-priations bills. Since 1998—somewhere in there—we went from 13 bills to 12 bills that actually fund. These are ap-propriations bills that fund the Federal Government. They fund $1.1 trillion of a $3.9 trillion spend of the Federal Gov-ernment. This chart shows that over the life of this law—these are the laws, the appro-priation bills that have been passed each year, and the average is the red line. The average over this period of time is 2.6 bills of the 12 or 13 bills that have to be passed to fund the govern-ment. Over the last 19 consecutive years, we have used 107 continuing resolutions to get past the fiscal year to make sure we fund the government on the first day of the new fiscal year. This is how serious this is. Next Mon-day is the first day of the next fiscal year, fiscal year 2017. We sitting here today are voting on the CR to get us past this day so the government doesn’t have to shut down next week— those dreaded words of ‘‘irrespon-sibility’’ and ‘‘intransigence.’’ Quite frankly, this is part of the problem be-cause what happens is what happened last year. The dysfunction in the system is cen-tered around this: The budget is not a law, it is a resolution. That means that a majority, with 51 percent of the votes in this body, can pass a political state-ment. That is exactly what happened last year. Let me say this before we go any fur-ther: Everything you hear today is nonpartisan. This should be about a nonpartisan exercise that we have in funding the government. Yes, we are going to have debates based on our par-tisanship and based on what our beliefs and principles are, but the basic proc-ess should be a politically neutral plat-form that allows us to argue our dif-ferences in the budget process, get to a budget, move to the appropriations, and fund the government by the end of the fiscal year, and we have only done that four times in the last 42 years. The dysfunction is centered around this. If you look at this chart, every year we just don’t have enough time, basically. And it is not just time, it is the process. The budget is based on a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.044 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6186 September 28, 2016 
resolution, and 51 percent can vote for it. Last year, as an example, the major-ity—the Republican majority, by the way—voted a political bill that took $7.5 trillion out of the President’s budget over the next 10 years without one Democratic vote. Then we got to the authorization process—and the au-thorization process, by the way, is a law and they have to have 60 votes. So guess what. The people on the other side of the aisle, my friends, said: Well, you didn’t ask our opinion in the budg-et process, why do you want our help now? So they don’t let us get on the ap-propriations. We have some $310 billion that we are funding today that is not authorized, over 256 agencies and pro-grams. The next thing is we go to appropria-tion. Again, the minority party can stop the process by not letting us get on the bills. We have a situation right now—this is nonpartisan, but it is a reality. The Defense appropriations bill which funds our military was passed unanimously in committee, the way it was supposed to operate. Democrats and Republicans got together, worked it out, made amendments, and came up with a bill that funded our Federal Government’s military. Yet we tried six times to get it to the floor. There are political rea-sons why it hasn’t gotten to the floor, but it shows the dysfunction we have in this process. Mr. President, the time has come for us to address this process. I am so ex-cited to have various Members of the freshman class here. We have the chair-man of the Budget Committee coming down. We have some other senior Mem-bers who have been working on this for years. I notice my good friend from the State of North Carolina, Senator T
HOM T
ILLIS , is here, and I will ask him to give us his perspective. There is a big military effort in their State, and Sen-ator T
ILLIS has been a soldier in this, not only in the Senate but in his time as speaker of the house in North Caro-lina. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I thank my colleague and friend from the great State of Georgia for taking a leadership position to really cleanse the dysfunction and the problems that are going on. Mr. President, Senator P
ERDUE is only a 2-year politician. His tenure in the Senate is actually only 2 years. He has spent all of his time in business. He spent time in business, where you didn’t keep your job if you couldn’t balance your budget. You didn’t keep your job if you couldn’t make the dif-ficult decisions year to year—making payroll, making strategic investments, and doing the kinds of things good business leaders do. That is what he has done all of his life. Now he finds himself in the U.S. Senate, where that is almost the exact opposite of what we do. We just had passage of a continuing resolution today for a few weeks be-cause we can’t come to terms on long- term spending measures. Over a dozen bills passed out of appropriations with strong bipartisan support and within the constraints of the bipartisan budg-et, and now we can’t get them passed. Why is that a problem? Because when you have the world’s largest and most complex entity that has ever existed that can’t figure out how much money it is going to spend or commit on more than about a 12-month cycle—and sometimes only a few months—how on Earth can you save money and make long-term investments? We were in a committee hearing yes-terday where we heard that right now it takes an average of 15 years from the concept of a new satellite to the time we are launching it into space. How on Earth can we make those long-term in-vestments when we can’t even be clear on what we are going to be spending money on but for every 12 months? This is a threat to our national secu-rity. This is a threat to our economic security. This is a threat to the secu-rity of every man and woman in the United States because they can’t rely on the government to provide busi-nesses or individuals with any kind of certainty whatsoever. It is tough to make budget decisions, but they need to be made. I know a lit-tle bit about this because I was speaker of the house in North Carolina in 2011. We had a budget crisis. We had a $2.5 billion debt and 6 months to solve it. Unlike the Federal Government, where you can run up a deficit every year—it is now almost $20 trillion—most States, with the exception of maybe one or two, have a constitutional obli-gation to balance the budget, so we did it. What was the result of providing that long-term certainty? Living within our means and actually having a trans-parent and decisive budget process. We had one of the greatest economic turn-arounds in any State in the Nation in the last 5 years. Being decisive and making the tough decisions accrues a benefit to the busi-ness community, accrues a benefit to every man and woman who lives in the United States, and it actually settles the global economic condition more than most people know. At the end of the day, let’s start doing our job. Let’s not just create a budget like we did, a bipartisan budget, set it on the shelf, and then pass sev-eral appropriations bills and kill them on the floor. That is what is going on here, and I think my freshmen col-leagues think it is time—there are a lot of people who put posters up here saying ‘‘Do your job,’’ but they are failing to do their jobs by preventing us from doing one of the most impor-tant things we can do—make the tough, long-term fiscal decisions that are necessary for this great Nation. I say to Senator P
ERDUE , thank you for allowing me to speak. I thank Senator PERDUE for bringing up this very important subject. We need to stay in front of this and recog-nize that doing our job is tackling this budget crisis, tackling the uncertainty that we, by failing to do our jobs, are placing on every hard-working Amer-ican and business in this country. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. PERDUE. I say to Senator T
ILLIS , thank you for coming to the floor and talking about this issue. With your experience in State government in North Carolina, you know that 44 States have a balanced budget law. Guess what States don’t have a finan-cial situation, a financial problem. I thank the Senator for speaking. I note that my colleague from Okla-homa, Senator L
ANKFORD , is on the floor. He has been a warrior on this budget before when he was in the House and now in the Senate for the last 2 years. I welcome his comments to speak about this as well. Senator L
ANKFORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Okla-homa. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, this is a long-term issue. This is not some-thing new. I am amazed at the number of times I run into people in Oklahoma who say: Why can’t we seem to get the budget done now? What has happened? I have said: Let’s back up for just a second. Since 1974 we have done a budg-et and done it correctly four times total. The Congressional Budget Act was created right after Watergate, in 1974, to try to create this more trans-parent process. What they created was a process so incredibly difficult to work with that it has worked four times since 1974. We have only had 2 years since 1974 when we haven’t had a single CR. That is a continuing resolu-tion. This body just passed another continuing resolution, meaning the ap-propriations process won’t be done on time again this year. That was settled today. The issues we face with budgeting are not new. It has been 20 years since we had no CR at all. This constant issue of putting the big budget issues off and trying to figure out how we are going to navigate through the Senate proce-dures and get the budget done has to stop. At some point we have to have a determination to say that we can’t just keep saying: Next year this will im-prove; next year this will improve. We are not going to get a better prod-uct until we get a better process. We have a very bad process right now, and we need to admit it is a bad process. What I am proud of is that there are multiple Members of this body—from the leadership of the Budget Com-mittee through the freshmen who are brandnew Senators—who are all fo-cused on the same thing. Let’s solve how we do budgeting and actually get to a better product by improving the process. What do we have? We have al-most $20 trillion in debt, and everyone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.045 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6187 September 28, 2016 
argues about what we are going to do on a few things to try to do manage-ment, but no one is really talking about how we actually get us back to balance and paying off the debt. It is a common conversation I have with people in Oklahoma. This is a conversation where people say: Can we ever get this resolved? Is it too late? On the whole, Americans believe nothing will get better in Washington, DC, dealing with the budget, and their question is this: When and how does it get better? I wish I could give them a lot of hope on that. What I typically tell people is this: Let’s just do a ‘‘for instance.’’ Right now, let’s take the balanced budget piece that we had and that we put out earlier this year. It actually took 10 years and chipped away at the deficit. In 10 years we chipped away at it and got back to a balance where we had no deficit that year. It was balanced. Then let’s say the next year we actually had a $50 billion surplus. It would be a pret-ty good surplus. So we chip away and in 10 years get to balance. The next year we have a $50 billion surplus. Do you know how long it would take us to pay off our debt if we had a $50 billion surplus? If we had a $50 billion surplus every year for 460 years in a row, we would pay off our debt—460 years in a row of $50 billion surpluses and we can get on top of this. Everyone says that is unreasonable. I would say it is certainly unreasonable if we don’t change the way we do our process. It just continues to get worse. There are some basic things we can do. We can do budgeting every 2 years. People may say: Well, how does that solve anything? Well, that is predict-ability and planning. It creates greater oversight. Right now we do this every single year. In the speed of what has to be done, how it has to be done, there is very little oversight on our spending. We could actually put all the areas we have in spending—all accountable, every year. Right now there is about 25 percent to 30 percent of our budget with the ap-propriations process that we actually focus on every year. The rest of it is on autopilot, and it is never touched. Until we get everything in front of everybody every year to be able to look at it for oversight, we are not going to solve the big issues. We have to deal with what are called budget gimmicks. I have been at war with a budget gimmick called CHIMPS. It is my fa-vorite of the gimmicks. There are a lot of them out there. It stands for ‘‘changes in mandatory programs,’’ or CHIMPS. The changes in mandatory programs is a budget gimmick out there that says we were planning to spend this much—when we really weren’t, but on paper it said we were— and then instead we said: No, we are not going to spend that much this year so we will spend it on something else. But guess what. The next year they come back to the exact same dollars again and say: No, we are planning this year to do it, but we are really not, and so we will to spend it on something else. It just adds debt every year. We will have billions of dollars of CHIMPS built into our budget and claim that the deficit is even lower than it is. It is not. It is just this budget gimmick, and in real dollars it makes it even bigger. We have to deal with those budget gim-micks in there and be able to take that away so that when the appropriations process is done you get real numbers. The hardest thing to get in DC is the real number. So you have to deal with all these gimmicks out there to remove those. You get a longer time period to be able to plan and create some cer-tainty, but one of the key things we have to have is an actual deadline. This town doesn’t function on anything other than deadlines and pressure points. When it is time that it actually has to be resolved, we get it resolved. But if we don’t have to resolve it right now, this town just says: Tomorrow. We will get it done next week. We will get it done next session. The focus is how do we actually cre-ate those pressure points? How about a simple idea that says that if we don’t get the budget done on time—the ap-propriations bills done on time—then it goes to an automatic CR so we don’t have a government shutdown, because government shutdowns just waste money on the whole? It automatically kicks in to last year’s budget amount. But here is what changes. All of the Members of Congress, our budget, our staff for how we function, our oper-ating expenses, all of our committees, and the Executive Office of the White House—that is the three groups. From both the House and the Senate and the White House, all of our budgets drop immediately. Let’s say 4 percent, 5 per-cent, 6 percent the first day and then it does that for 30 days. Then, if you still don’t have the appropriations process, it cuts again another big percentage. It puts the pressure where the pressure needs to be. It is not the fault of the agencies or the American people that the job wasn’t done. It lies squarely in the House, the Senate, the White House, and our negotiations for not getting it done on time. It is a simple mechanism to say: If the task has not been done, put the pressure where the pressure needs to be—the cuts in the House, the Senate, and on the White House. Push all of us to the table and get it resolved. The goal is to do appropriations in a transparent process so the American people can see how their money is being spent and to be able to do it wise-ly and to be able to create a process where you can actually solve the prob-lem. Currently, we don’t have a process that solves the problem. This magi-cally doesn’t balance the budget. It still takes hard decisions, but it at least creates a format where we could solve the problem. Right now, we don’t even have that. In step one, like an AA group, let’s at least admit there is a problem. There is a problem. In step two, let’s get to work on fix-ing it and actually resolve the process. Then let’s actually get to work bal-ancing this and paying off our debt. I appreciate the opportunity to be able to talk about this issue. Mr. PERDUE. I say thank you to Senator L
ANKFORD . I think my colleagues can see the passion and history he has had here and a lot of great thoughts. I note that the chairman of our Budget Committee in the Senate, Sen-ator M
IKEENZIfrom Wyoming, is here on the floor. I am going to turn it over to him and ask him to give us his com-ments. He has been fighting this for years. As chairman of the Budget Com-mittee last year, he managed to get a budget out of our committee that actu-ally took over $7 trillion out of the President’s budget at that point in time. I say to Senator E
NZI, thank you so much for joining us. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank the Senator for his comments. I don’t get invited many places to speak because I talk about what the Senator has been talking about. It depresses people, but it is about time we got depressed over the budget and made some changes. I appreciate everybody on the com-mittee and those who are not on the committee who have been working to solve this problem. I know that most of you ran on getting a balanced budget, getting to a balanced budget, balancing it now if we could. I get real frustrated because I know we are $20 trillion in debt and heading to $29 trillion. Then I hear people say: Yes, but we cut the deficit in half. That is not the debt. I don’t like the word ‘‘deficit.’’ I call it overspending. That is what we are doing. We just got the report that we are going to be $590 billion overspent this year. As Senator L
ANKFORD pointed out, 70 percent of the budget is on autopilot. So that 30 percent that we get to make a decision on is $1,070 bil-lion. We have to worry a little bit because interest rates might go up. But on $20 trillion, if it is 1 percent, that is $200 billion a year that we are throwing into a rat hole. But if that goes to 5 percent, which is the norm for the Fed-eral Government, we are out $1,000 bil-lion a year in interest. Let’s see. We get to make decisions on a $1,070 billion and $1,000 billion of that would go to interest. We better solve this pretty quick. I think we could be at 5 percent within 3 years. The defense is over $500 billion, and that is not enough. We definitely have a problem, as has been pointed out by the chart. In the 40 years since the Congressional Budget Act was passed, we have only com-pleted all 13 bills four times. We have been holding hearings in the Budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.050 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6188 September 28, 2016 
Committee. This group of people have been holding other meetings to see how it is done in the private sector, how it is done by other countries, and how it is done by the States. Nobody does it like the Federal Government. When I was trying to figure out first budgets, I found out the format we use is not the same as the one the Appro-priations Committee uses and defi-nitely not the same format the Presi-dent uses. Then I found out that is in-tentional. That is so you cannot follow the dollars. But there are a lot of problems be-sides that in following the dollars. For instance, we have 120 housing programs administered by 20 different agencies. That is not seven per agency or one having more than the others. That means that the 120 programs are ad-ministered by all 20 of the agencies. Nobody is in charge. There is no goal set. We don’t know if they completed what they set out to do, and there is no way to make a correction if they did. I pointed out a lot of times how far behind we are on actually approving the things that we do. We don’t ever go back and look at the old stuff. We are paying for a program from 1983 that has expired, another one from 1987, and a whole bunch of them from before 2006. We have to get off this auto pilot and get to a new format. I congratulate this group and par-ticularly Senator P
ERDUE . The first time we had a Budget Committee meeting I remember introducing him, and I said: Senator P
ERDUE knows how to balance a budget. He has been work-ing in the private sector. He said: No, in the private sector you have to show a little bit of a profit. Well, we are going to have to show a little bit of a profit around here if we are ever going to get rid of the debt. We better do that or our kids are really going to suffer. In fact, in the private sector we are having some pension problems, but we have been making the private sector put money away for the pensions, in-vest the money so they would be able to meet the promise that they made. The Federal Government doesn’t do that. We just take it out of this budget. If we spend $1,000 billion on interest and there is only $1,070 billion, what do you think is going to happen to Fed-eral employees who are expecting re-tirement? That could be in worse shape than the multiemployer plans. We are going to have to come up with some solutions, and I appreciate this approach where we are looking at what the private sector does, what the States do, and what other countries do—and they have had success. It is a little difficult because it causes some reorganization in what we are doing. Maybe we can wind up with one or five housing programs, and they would all be under one agency so we could have goals. We are going to have a portfolio method of budgeting so that we know what we are trying to do and whether we get it done. There are already some laws on the books that say that we do that, but we don’t. I congratulate you for doing this. I am so pleased that we have Senator PERDUE heading up this effort because, as I mentioned, he has saved some busi-nesses before. They took his advice and reorganized. I think a lot of us have looked at this and said it could be done. It is going to be difficult because we don’t even go back and look at old programs—let alone reorganize. I hope people will pay attention to this and see if they have some other ideas to throw in. But listen carefully to what is being said here today be-cause this has to be fixed. I was hoping we could fix it before the elections because we were getting cooperation from the other side of the aisle and a lot of good suggestions. One of the reasons we were able to partici-pate in a very bipartisan way, I think, is because none of us knew who was going to be in the majority in the Sen-ate, nor did we know who the President was going to be. I think that made all of us a lot more reasonable. I hope after the elections we can still be rea-sonable and do something that will save this country. I thank the Chair. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I thank the chairman for his comments, but more importantly I thank him for his heart in terms of running the Budget Committee and leading us into this ob-servation and recognition. As this chart says, we have a dysfunctional system, and we don’t have an alter-native but to find a better plan. With that, I note my good friend and esteemed colleague from Tennessee Senator C
ORKER is here. He is chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, but more importantly he lets me sit next to him on the Budget Committee. I want to say this about the Foreign Relations Committee. It is a very bi-partisan committee. Under Bill Clin-ton, just 16 years ago, we spent about $20 billion on the State Department and USAID. Currently, we are spending about $54 billion. That is just one de-partment. Those are constant dollars to show you how government has sort of exploded in the past 16 years—both under Republican leadership and under Democratic leadership. I am so glad Senator C
ORKER is here, and I look forward to his comments. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I am thrilled to be here. I thank the Senator for his leadership on this issue. I also thank Senator E
NZIfor the way he con-ducts committee business, as the Sen-ator just mentioned. We are on a committee where basi-cally the way it is set up, it binds both his arms and his legs behind his back, meaning that just the process we have in place makes it impossible for us to deal with our country’s fiscal issues. With the Senator from Georgia joining the committee, having been a person who has dealt with businesses through-out the world, and quickly seeing these frailties that Chairman ENZIhas to deal with, the Senator has thrown him-self into trying to deal with those issues, and I admire him for it. I think the Senator from Georgia and I both know this is going to take a while because, in essence, we are talk-ing about a total reorder. We really don’t have a budget process. To even call what we do a budget, for most human beings’ understanding of what a budget is, is obviously not realistic. So I thank my colleague for that. I am an advocate for what Senator P
ERDUE and Senator E NZIare trying to do. We have to, in essence, get a proc-ess in place that actually works. That is impossible with the process we have today, and today is the perfect example of that, right? We passed a CR through December 9, and, by the way, we make no policy changes. Now, think about an entity the size of our Federal Government, where we spend $4 trillion of the American peo-ple’s money each year, and yet we don’t do the authorization process which lays out policies. If you can imagine IBM or Apple or Google or any company like that just continuing each year to do things exactly the same way and thinking there is going to be a dif-ferent result, that is not possible. Worse than that, in spending the $4 trillion we spend each year, we only have a budget over $1.2 trillion, $1.3 trillion, and the rest is on autopilot. It is the part that is on autopilot that is the greatest threat to our country’s na-tional security. So I actually think we need to do two things at once. One is we need to con-tinue working through the processes that Senator P
ERDUE and Senator E NZI are working on. It will take a while to get that done. We are going to have a total reordering of how we do business. That affects Senate careers and staff, and we understand how difficult that is. We are dealing with human beings. We are dealing with people who have an investment in what they have been doing for years, and it is going to take us a while to overcome the culture that has been established here. Simultaneously, as my good friend Senator Gregg from New Hampshire had laid out, we also need to begin put-ting in place policy changes that begin saving our Nation. One of the problems with the budget process is, we pass a budget that makes assumptions, but those assumptions never become reality. So we say the budget balances over 10 years, but we never do the tough things it takes for those policies to actually be put in place. So a forcing mechanism—I know several thoughts have been put forth— to force us to do that, to force us to do that and to keep government open and functioning is something that has to occur. I am proudly a part of this effort as a wingman. I appreciate all the meet-ings that are taking place. I hope we are going to get to a result. I agree with Senator E
NZIthat it would have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.052 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6189 September 28, 2016 
been good to have done it when we didn’t know who the President was going to be or who was going to be in the majority. That is not going to hap-pen, but things like this that matter, that save our Nation, take years to happen. Senator P
ERDUE is a young Senator here by tenure. These things take a long time. I look forward to working with him to ensure we get the right outcome to save our Nation and to keep us from this moral depravity that is taking place where, in essence, every day that goes by, we are involved in generational theft because we are not doing this. We are really laying a huge burden on future generations. I yield the floor, and I thank my col-league for his effort. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I thank Senator C
ORKER very much. Moral depravity is so prevalent here, and it is no more present and no more important than in the area of funding our military. I notice Senator E
RNST from Iowa is here, and I appreciate her leadership as a fellow freshman in the Senate, but let me highlight one thing very quick-ly. Senator C
ORKER just mentioned that about one-third, 30 percent of what we spend—35 percent over the last 8 years—is borrowed, and it is pro-jected that over the next 10 years about 35 percent will be borrowed. About 30 percent of what we spend is discretionary. That means every dis-cretionary dollar we spend as a Federal Government is borrowed. Let me say that again. Every dollar we spend in our discretionary budget is borrowed. That means our military, our Vet-erans’ Administration, our military construction, our domestic programs, all the things we are talking about are borrowed. That means we have to get serious. We have disinvested in our military because of this budget crisis, and it is just another reason to get at this budg-et process. I can’t tell Senator E
RNST how much I appreciate her being here, and I look forward to her comments. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleague from Geor-gia for spearheading this very impor-tant effort. We have heard discussions about getting back to regular order. We have heard discussions about the difference between the debt and the deficit and where do we go as America. So I am glad my colleague is investing his time in this effort, and we look for-ward to walking through that process. It is good to see so many of us here today, engaged and very active in this effort, and so I would like to thank all my colleagues. I know a number have already spoken. Truly, our Nation faces some very se-rious challenges and challenging budg-etary times and all of that coming at us in the future. If we aren’t honest about where we are right now and where we are headed in the future and fix it, our children and grandchildren are going to be handed a very heavy burden. We are already over $19.5 trillion in debt and a level that is growing rapidly every single day. I am from Iowa, and back home in Iowa we generally don’t talk about things in trillions of dollars or even in billions of dollars. So when you break it down, that debt load rep-resents about $60,000 per person in this great country. That is quite a number, and one that all of us should be con-cerned about. The American people are concerned, and they are frustrated with Wash-ington for a reason. Washington doesn’t seem to be serious about stop-ping the reckless spending habits this town has. That is why I think this pro-posal is a very interesting one and one that could provide opportunity as we move into the future. As we stop and look at the reckless spending habits—and most Americans agree we have reckless spending habits here in Washington, DC. I tend to agree with those Americans. I agree. Since coming to the Senate last year, I have worked to cut down wasteful and dupli-cative spending. Let me give just one example of taxpayer money that has been wasted. Earlier this year, I introduced a bill that would limit the perks that wealthy former Presidents receive. In 2015, taxpayers spent $2.4 million on travel, office space, communications, personnel, and other expenses for past Presidents—I might add, wealthy past Presidents. At a time when they re-ceive well-compensated book deals, speaking engagements, and all kinds of activities, hard-working Americans shouldn’t foot those bills, and they shouldn’t be expected to. We passed that bill in the Senate and in the House with bipartisan work on that effort. Unfortunately, President Obama decided to veto it. While we are still working on a path forward, it leaves me just as frustrated as all the other Iowans who know we can’t con-tinue spending money we don’t have on things that aren’t necessary. Washington can’t even do the basic business of balancing our own budget. Plain and simple, we should. Families in Iowa do it every day, and they ex-pect us in Washington, DC, to do the same. After all, it is their tax dollars that are being spent, and it deserves to be spent wisely. Unfortunately, it might just take a complete overhaul of Washington’s ways to help us solve this problem. Again, I thank my colleagues for joining us in this effort. While some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have certainly made it very dif-ficult, if not impossible, to conduct business in any sort of regular manner, the reality is excess spending in this town seems too often to be bipartisan. I know my colleague from Georgia mentioned earlier our debt has ballooned under both Republican and Democratic administrations. We are far too often unable to take a good hard look at the money that is being spent because we often will get a 1,900- page bill at the last minute, and we are given the choice of either taking it or leaving it. Normally, that is for fund-ing most of our government. That kind of practice doesn’t show us a good way forward. It forces us to make difficult choices about how we are spending tax-payer money, and it certainly doesn’t give us the opportunity to cut wasteful spending. We have to do better by our taxpayers. I thank my friend from Georgia and my other colleagues joining us today to help us start thinking about how we solve this crisis and how we can do it in a creative way. I again thank Sen-ator PERDUE for leading this effort, being at the tip of the spear, and hope-fully we are moving toward a smarter way of doing business in Washington. If we don’t do better, I am afraid the fu-ture of this great country will be a lot dimmer. I thank the Senator and I appreciate the opportunity to be here. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I thank Senator E
RNST . I enjoy her leadership in the Senate. With that, I notice Senator R
OUNDS  of South Dakota is here. He was a Gov-ernor who dealt with this budget issue in an executive and legislative body in South Dakota, and I am looking for-ward to his comments. I thank him for being here. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, first, I want to start by thanking my col-leagues here today, particularly Chair-man E
NZI, who leads the Budget Com-mittee, as well as Senator P
ERDUE for not only being the only freshman who serves on the Budget Committee but for leading us on the floor in the dis-cussion of this very important topic of our Federal broken budget system. Once again, today, Congress has just met our deadline to fund the govern-ment past the end of the fiscal year. While many of us in the Chamber, as well as the American people, are right-ly frustrated by this requirement for a last-minute reprieve, it is a reminder of our broken Federal budget process and why we can no longer afford to continue down this dangerous path. I spent a great deal of time holding different meetings across South Da-kota during August, meeting with folks all over the State. During that time, our soaring national debt and runaway spending has continued to be a concern to me. What I relayed to them about our country’s fiscal future and what I would relay to you now is that it is just not very pretty. I shared with them a report from the Congressional Budget Office, which, in January of this year, released an in-depth analysis of our debt and our def-icit. It found that, by 2026, annual defi-cits will double the share of GDP to 4.9 percent—more than tripling in dollar terms to $1.37 trillion, or $1,370 billion, as the chairman of the Budget Com-mittee likes to put it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.053 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6190 September 28, 2016 
It also found that in 2026, just 10 short years from now, 99 percent of rev-enue that comes into the Federal Gov-ernment—income taxes, both personal and corporate, all the gas taxes, all the fees—will go back out in mandatory payments and net interest spending, leaving no room to pay for roads, bridges, health care, our Armed Forces, and other vital needs within our Na-tion. That 99 percent number, as they projected in 10 years, is a crisis. I would suggest to my colleagues that crisis is not in 10 years. That crisis is now. Earlier, we heard Senator C
ORKER ex-plain very, very eloquently the fact that it takes time to move things here. I suggest that time is of the essence, and we no longer have a 10-year cycle in which to make these changes. We have to begin the process of fixing this broken system, and we need to begin now. In 2026, our country turns 250 years old. Wouldn’t it be a marvelous goal if, by that time, we not only had this process fixed, but it was actually work-ing once again? The CBO report concluded that the driver for this rising debt is largely from growing mandatory payments, as we heard our colleagues say. That is Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Secu-rity, as well as interest on our debt. Yet here in the Senate, when we work through the appropriations process to determine the best way to spend Amer-icans’ hard-earned money, we don’t even vote on mandatory payments, which are mandatory payments on mandatory programs. Today, those mandatory payments account for near-ly three-quarters of all Federal spend-ing. That means the continuing resolu-tion we just did is based upon about 28 percent of the total amount we will spend next year. It is simply not ac-ceptable that we continue to look at and try to balance yearly deficits of $500-plus billion every single year when we only look at 28 percent of the total spending that goes on. Let me suggest this. In order to fix this, as my colleagues have said today, we have to begin a process with expec-tations that the process actually works once again and that there are timelines established well in advance of the end of the fiscal year. But even more than that, any process we use in the future also has to bring in accountability, au-thorization, and appropriations to-gether. Why is it that when we talk about Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid—well, we just don’t talk about it. There is no place in which we can actually sit down in a committee assigned specifically for Social Secu-rity, a committee assigned specifically for Medicare, or one for Medicaid. Why is it that, in States like South Dakota, where we have the South Dakota Re-tirement System—a retirement system which is one of the best funded and best run in the entire United States, and it has been there since the 1970s— it gets looked at every single year. Yet, as to Social Security, which is such a huge and important part of a lot of people’s lives in the United States, we are afraid to touch. It is not a matter of cutting it. It is a matter of man-aging and making it more efficient and delivering the services and actually keeping it up to date—revenues and ex-penses—so that the people a generation from now can count on it being there. It is irresponsible for us to sit back here and to say that we are going to balance our budgets this year and make a commitment without looking at all of the programs that are out there because we simply can’t balance a budget. We can’t take care of those programs—Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid—unless we actively par-ticipate in managing them and in mak-ing good decisions. Again, the buy-in from the public is that what we are trying to do is to make it better for them long term and that we have their best interests at heart. With that, I say thank you. I think this is a critically important thing for all of us. Last year, we did an omnibus bill at the end of the year, and a group of us got together and said no more. In our freshmen bear den, as we call it, we said: It is time we have a meeting with our leadership. I cannot tell you how pleased I was with the reception that we received from our leadership, who said: Look, we agree. You guys work together and put this through. I give Senator P
ERDUE huge accolades for ac-tually doing the hard work to get this done. This is important to our country, and this is one way in which we can begin to build credibility once again with the citizens of our Nation. I thank the Senator for the work he is doing, and I certainly look forward to work-ing with our colleagues to fix a broken budget system—not only in the Senate but in Congress—and to get on with ac-tually sending back to the American people on a regular basis a budget they believe in and they can count on. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. PERDUE. I thank Senator R
OUNDS for his comments. I appreciate his leadership as an ex-Governor in this body. I note that Senator S
ULLIVAN from Alaska is here, and he has been very outspoken about this since he got here last year—another freshman Member. I look forward to Senator S
ULLIVAN ’s comments. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I thank Senator P
ERDUE for his leader-ship on this important colloquy. As some of us have seen down here, as Senator R
OUNDS mentioned, there are a lot of Members of the Senate who are very concerned. But what we are seeing here are a lot of the new Mem-bers—12 new Republican freshmen. It is good to see the Presiding Officer, who is one of them. We are very concerned about this. We were concerned because a lot of us ran for office—a lot of us for the first time—because we saw what was going on with this budget process. With all due respect to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, they didn’t even attempt to pass a budget for a number of years. They didn’t even try. Think about that. You are back home, in a State government such as Senator ROUNDS was talking about or in a household or a business, and you are not even going to try to pass a budget. That was what was going on in the Senate—remarkable. So what we are trying to do is to fix that. The first thing we did—and Senator E
NZIwas on the floor a little bit ago— is we came here and we passed a budg-et. It hadn’t happened in years. We passed a budget resolution. That was an important start. Then we started to pass appropriations bills. As a matter of fact, this year, to the majority lead-er’s credit, we started working on ap-propriations bills at an earlier time than at any time in decades. We got 12 appropriations bills passed out of the Appropriations Committee. Then what happened? We tried to start bringing them to the floor to vote on them, to move them. The vast majority of those bills—all of which were very bipar-tisan—were filibustered by the minor-ity leader of the Senate. Again, I am new here. I still don’t un-derstand why they did that. A lot of us who came down to the floor were really upset when the minority leader of the Senate filibustered the Defense appro-priations bill—the bill that funds our troops—six times in the last year and a half—six times. That is a disgrace, in my view. So what are we doing here? More delay. More delay. We just got through a continuing resolution, which is not how to run the government, and they were looking at opportunities for more delay. For example, at the very end of this discussion, there was the idea of maybe adding additional funds for Flint, MI. Well, nobody cares about clean water as much as I do. My State has huge challenges with communities that not just have aging infrastruc-ture, like Flint, MI, but no infrastruc-ture. I have over 30 communities in the great State of Alaska that don’t have clean water and sewer and don’t have flush toilets—Americans—if you can believe that. So I certainly wanted to focus on that. That is what we did in the regular order through the EPW Committee with the WRDA bill—for Flint, MI, the State of Alaska, and other communities that have chal-lenges with clean water. We are going to address those through the regular order. That is what Senator P
ERDUE is lead-ing on right now in the Senate—the regular order and getting back to a budget process that can handle the enormous challenges that we have heard about on the floor here—$20 tril-lion in debt and exploding deficit. That is what we need to do, and I commend Senator P
ERDUE for his leadership. What he did is something that takes a lot of courage here—a whiteboard ap-proach. We just need to look at every-thing anew. With his leadership and his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.055 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6191 September 28, 2016 
experience, a number of us lead by Sen-ator P
ERDUE have been working on this for months. This is what we need to do to finally get ahold of these enormous budget challenges. I encourage all of my colleagues—Re-publicans and Democrats—to join in this process, to bring their ideas to fix what is clearly, clearly a broken proc-ess that is not helping our Nation, that is driving up the deficit, that is sad-dling the next generation with trillions of dollars of debt. We have the begin-ning of a way to start fixing this. Again, I thank Senator P
ERDUE and Senator D
AINES for their hard work on this. I am certainly going to be part of their important efforts as we look to put our country on a fiscal path of sus-tainable economic growth and budgets, which we are not on right now. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, Senator S
ULLIVAN is a warrior. I am glad to be here with him. It gives me hope that we are going to persevere and get this done. Now to help us close this out, we have our good friend from Montana, Senator D
AINES , who has real world ex-perience—both as a consultant but also starting and running a high-tech com-pany. He understands what profit is about, but, more importantly, he un-derstands what meeting needs is about. I am so glad that he can help us close this out. I have a few remaining com-ments when he finishes, but I thank Senator D
AINES for being here. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I thank Senator P
ERDUE for his leadership. What an honor it is to be down here on the Senate floor surrounded by freshmen—the freshmen Republican class. We have the Presiding Officer, Freshman C
ORY GARDNER from Colo-rado; Lt. Col. D
ANSULLIVAN , U.S. Ma-rines, from Alaska; and D
AVID PERDUE , who was the CEO of a company before he came to the Senate. We have LTC J
ONIERNST from Iowa. I am proud to serve with Joni here and thankful for her service to the country, both in the military and now in the Senate. There are others. M
IKEROUNDS is a former Governor from South Dakota who had to balance his budget there or he would lose his job. As Senator P
ERDUE mentioned, when I first came to Washington, I did come equipped with a skill that was familiar to Montanans, like hunting and fishing are, and that is how to balance a budg-et. Before I came here, I spent 28 years in the private sector, 13 years with Proctor & Gamble and then 12 years with a startup company, and in be-tween that, 3 years in our family con-struction business. I know what it takes to make a payroll. I know what it takes to make a family’s household budget work. Yet balancing the budget is a skill this body has not embraced for nearly 20 years. As Senator P
ERDUE  mentioned, four times out of 42 years has this process worked. That is bro-ken. Think about this. It is September 28. On Saturday, it is October 1, the begin-ning of the next fiscal year of the U.S. Federal Government, on which we will spend about $4 trillion this next fiscal year. We begin the next fiscal year in 2 days without a budget. We were all here last year at this same point in time—the last week of the fiscal year, the last week of Sep-tember—and we moved into this fiscal year without a budget. It is no wonder that we are $20 trillion in debt when you don’t have a budget. There is an old saying in business: If you aim at something, you will hit it. We do not have a budget here, and that has created $20 trillion in debt. When the Congressional Budget Of-fice issued its August 2016 report last month, it shared that this year’s pro-jected budget deficit now has increased from an already staggering $439 billion in a January report. They have raised it now to $590 billion—an increase of 34 percent. If I were running a business, I could not get away with this. I would be out of business. Serving on a board of a publicly traded company, we would be firing the CEO and we would be firing the board with results like this. Here is something to think about. Deficit spending is nothing short of age discrimination because this excessive spending is at the cost of our children and grandchildren. That is what we are passing down. We are racking up the credit card debt, figuratively speaking, and passing it on to our kids. The American people are asking them-selves: Why aren’t the people they have elected able to ensure the future for our children? How can balancing the budget be so difficult? Being here for 2 years in the Senate, I have come to realize that the biggest hurdles to balancing the budget are the very rules, the very process that guides this institution. They are broken. Un-less we fix the process with the leader-ship of Senator PERDUE , who is getting out in front of this issue—unless we fix that—we will continue to repeat the growing deficits because this process is yielding the results it was designed to deliver. It is unacceptable. It must change. We are now approaching $20 trillion, which is 105 percent of GDP. The first bill I introduced when I came to Con-gress—in fact, I walked down to the Chamber, laid the bill on the desk of the clerk—was called the Balanced Budget Accountability Act. It said sim-ply this: If Members don’t balance the budget, they shouldn’t get paid. Let’s bring some real-world account-ability to this institution. Let’s put the pain on the Members of Congress instead of the American people. I thought perhaps if our pay was on the line, it would force us to be held ac-countable to not only balance the budget but get on track to long-term responsible spending. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. We will be right back here— mark it on your calendars—the last week of September, and we will be here debating a CR, pushing it into Decem-ber with some big omnibus vote. It will happen again, guaranteed, unless we change this process and change the people who serve in this institution. We need action, we need account-ability, and we need it now. In conclusion, I will say this. I have one distinction, perhaps; that is, I am the only chemical engineer who serves in the U.S. House or the U.S. Senate. When you are trained as an engineer, you are trained to take a look at a problem and identify a solution. We have a solution with Senator PERDUE ’s leadership. You see, the freshmen Members of the Republican class of 2014 came here not to accept the status quo but to reject it and to change the way this country operates; truly, to save the future of our kids and our grandkids. I look forward to working with my colleagues to reform the budget proc-ess. Let’s get this country back on the right track. I say to Senator P
ERDUE , it is an honor to serve with you. Thanks for getting in front of this very important issue. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I say thank you to Senator D
AINES . His lead-ership means the world here. With that, I have hope we are going to get there. In light of the time and the hour and the other business that is before this Senate body tonight, I will abridge my closing comments. I want to say this. There is a four-letter word missing in Washington today—H-O-P-E. People sent this class, 12 members of the Re-publican caucus—that is almost 25 per-cent of our caucus—are freshmen this year. We ran on this topic, as you heard several Members say, but we had the chairman of the Budget Committee here. We had the chairman of Foreign Relations here. These people are very concerned about this topic. We are not just com-plaining about the status quo. Again, we are not complaining about the other side. There are no innocent parties when it comes to this debt crisis. If you look at the last 75, 80 years, this coun-try has lived and benefited from the greatest economic boom in the history of mankind. Yet here we are today, $20 trillion of debt, over $100 trillion of fu-ture commitments already made by this Federal Government. It is basi-cally $1 million for every family in America. We don’t need to talk about the need anymore. What we need to talk about is what do we do. That is what we came up here for. We need to focus on re-sults. This is what we are proposing. We put it in language now. We are moving to put it into a bill on the floor. We have Democratic input. Again, let me say this. The goal is not to solve the debt crisis. That is the need. The goal in this process is to cre-ate a politically neutral platform where both sides—whether they are in the majority or the minority—can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.056 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6192 September 28, 2016 
make their points during a budget process, move to an appropriations process, and get the government funded every year without all this drama. That is what the people of America want. It will protect our military. It will protect our national security. It will let us take care of the domestic needs we need, and it will let us invest in our infrastructure to get this economy going again. Without this exercise, we will not start down the path that may take 30 or 40 years to bring this debt under control. It is that large. Let me emphasize one more thing. If this debt is not addressed soon, the ris-ing interest rates that we all know are coming—we are living in a false world today of zero interest rates. If we just get back to our 30-year average of about 5 percent, we will be paying $1 trillion in interest. That is not pos-sible. It simply is not workable. All things come into the conversation. This is what is going to happen. We are going to start debating this on the floor, hopefully soon. It may run into next year. It may go to the following year. My commitment to my people at home is, we are not going to give up on this fight until we get something done about this. We proposed a couple of things. Three guiding principles were devel-oped by a small group of people, and it has been welcomed by a growing num-ber of people in this body. No. 1, the budget needs to be a law. No. 2, every-thing we spend—all $4 trillion of it— needs to go into the budget. They need to be debated and covered in the budget by both sides. No. 3, if we don’t fund the government by the end of the fiscal year, there has to be serious con-sequences. You heard one proposal tonight by Senator L
ANKFORD . There may be oth-ers, but we are going to put on the Sen-ate and the House, for that matter, real consequences if we don’t get the Federal Government budget done. Again, this is an exercise that we hope will be bipartisan. We want no advan-tage in this. We want a process that doesn’t advantage either party. It gives both equal standing in the budget proc-ess, leading to a reasonable and effec-tive funding of the Federal Govern-ment. A politically neutral platform, that is our goal. I will close with this. If not now, when? If not us, who? I thank the for-bearance of the Presiding Officer to-night. Thank you for allowing us to do this. I yield back my time. I see we have other speakers on the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from New Mexico. (The remarks of Mr. H
EINRICH and Ms. C
OLLINS pertaining to the introduc-tion of S. 3458 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— S. 2253 Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, too often this body talks about supporting our veterans while doing far too little to pass critical legislation that would ac-tually help them. The Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, of which I am a member—and I am joined by my colleague on that committee, Senator TILLIS , with whom I have worked on a number of issues in our time together in the Senate. Chair-man I
SAKSON and Ranking Member B
LUMENTHAL have had in this com-mittee perhaps the best cooperation of any standing committee in the Senate. And we continue to work to address challenges facing veterans and the Vet-erans’ Administration. Through hearings and legislative markups, we have listened and learned from veterans. As a result, we have worked together across the aisle to produce legislation that reflects the needs of those who served our country. It is a minimum we ought to be doing, and I think we are generally doing that pretty well. One result of our efforts has been the bipartisan Veterans First Act. It is a good bill that comprehensively ad-dresses a host of issues facing veterans, including education benefits, homeless-ness, health care, and VA account-ability. As we see too often, even com-monsense legislation like Vets First can’t make its way to the floor. Our in-ability to act on this doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try to address specific issues that have bipartisan support. One of those issues which I hope we can agree on is the need to provide re-lief to veterans who, through no fault of their own, were—there is no other way to say it—bilked by the for-profit school ITT. Veterans and other stu-dents were betrayed and bilked, and taxpayers were fleeced. Veterans who were attending ITT at the time of its closure lost the GI bill or VA benefits used to pay for their education. Mean-while, all other students who were en-rolled at ITT were eligible to have their Federal student loans discharged. So if you are not a veteran and you had Federal student loans, you could get those loans discharged. If you are a veteran under the GI bill or VA bene-fits, you couldn’t. It wasn’t anybody’s intent to do that, but that is what the law says. I know Senator I
SAKSON , the chair-man—and we are joined by Senator C
ARPER on the floor as well—he is in-terested in this. I also know that Sen-ator T
ILLIS has cosponsored my bill to actually fix this. This is something we need to do. We are not the only ones who believe action needs to be taken. Governor Mike Pence, the Governor of the State next door to mine, Indiana, who is the Republican nominee for Vice President, supports this. The closure of ITT was the fault of the management of that school, who spent a lot of money on marketing and a lot of money on helping students get financing but not much money on edu-cation and even less on job placement for their students. The closure of ITT was not the fault of the veterans, for sure, not the fault of the students, but now veterans are worried about being able to pay their rent and pursue their education, which is what this legisla-tion is going to allow them to do. In my State of Ohio, 520 veterans have been impacted by ITT’s closure. There are some questions of finding a way to pay for this legislation, but I believe finding a pay-for is a red her-ring. We are simply giving the VA the authority to provide relief to veterans. No one is running around trying to find a pay-for for the Federal student loans that are going to be discharged. So we are saying we are just going to do the discharge on the nonveteran students, and we have to find a little legislative sleight-of-hand pay-for to take care of the veterans. That just doesn’t make sense. Why should veterans be treated differently or worse than nonveteran students? All we are looking to do is to make sure veterans are treated like all other students who attended an insti-tution like ITT or Corinthian, another scam institution that shut down. Veterans were promised GI benefits when they signed up to serve our coun-try. ITT has cheated them out of the quality education they earned. If we fail to act today before leaving town, we abandon the responsibility to our Nation’s heroes. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 2253 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation; that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, my colleague from Ohio and I have worked on a number of different measures on the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, and I hope to con-tinue to work with him. I wish to talk a little bit about the process here. It may seem odd, on a bill on which I am one of the lead Repub-lican sponsors, to come to the floor and object to the UC, but let’s talk about structurally what is going on here. We said that the only reason there is a problem is there is no pay-for. In other words, we are trying to pass a policy that we haven’t taken the time to make a decision about how to pay for it. We can say that we are authorizing the VA to pay for it, but what are they going to do? We haven’t provided them with any funds to do it, so what poten-tially suffers as a result? That is one piece. We just heard a number of speeches here with Republican freshmen and a couple of veteran Members on the floor talking about being responsible in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.057 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6193 September 28, 2016 
budgeting process and actually living within our means and paying for things. Now I am in the uncomfortable position of having to object, poten-tially—reserving my right to object— to a measure that includes policy that I fundamentally support. What I don’t want to do, though, is send something half-baked to the House and pretend that somehow it is going to be taken up before we get back from the recess. It won’t be. As a matter of fact, if we don’t do our job here, it will probably not move in the House. So why not work with Senator I
SAK-
SON, who has done a remarkable job of trying to work with the veterans serv-ice organizations that have a concern with the direction we were going with the pay-fors, to find a legitimate way to pay for this policy before we send it to the House and make it more likely that before we get out at the end of the year, this bill will be passed? This is just about being responsible and doing both parts of our jobs—coming up with good policy and then coming up with a way to pay for it. So for those reasons, I do object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank Senator T
ILLIS , and I understand his view on this issue. I appreciate the po-sition of Senator T
ILLIS , my colleague on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I just fundamentally say that, first of all, we shouldn’t leave town. We should finish our work. We should confirm the Supreme Court nominee or at least have hearings. We should finish our work that we haven’t done this year. We have been in session less this year than any Senate in the last 60 years. I know Senator M
CCONNELL wants to send his Members home so they can campaign for reelection and spend their Koch brothers money that they have benefited from. More than that, what I don’t get here is—we are only giving the VA the au-thority to provide relief for these vet-erans. We are treating veterans worse than other students at ITT or Corin-thian. So if you were at ITT and you found out 3 weeks ago that that school was closing—2, 3 weeks ago, something like that—and you are a veteran and you have a friend who is a nonveteran, the nonveteran gets their loans dis-charged, and you as the veteran don’t with your GI benefits, because they had Federal student loans and you had GI benefits. It is just not fair to them. I don’t think we should ever leave this place having treated a veteran worse than a nonveteran in the exact same situation. So I don’t really under-stand the opposition. I hope we can re-engage and figure this out and take care of these 500 or so Ohioans who served their country well. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I sup-port Senator S
HERROD BROWN ’s unani-mous consent request that the Senate adopt the Veterans Education Relief and Restoration Act, S. 2253, to support veterans who were harmed by the clo-sure of ITT Tech. ITT Tech’s predatory practices led to its sudden closure early this month, leaving tens of thousands of students in the lurch. Many veterans using GI bill benefits at ITT Tech have been particularly affected by this company’s practices and now its closure and bank-ruptcy. ITT Tech has for years been a major recipient of GI bill benefits. According to a 2014 report by Senator TOMHAR-
KIN’s HELP Committee, ITT Tech was the third largest recipient in 2012–13, receiving $161 million in GI bill funds. When it closed earlier this month, an estimated 7,000 veterans were enrolled at ITT Tech. Not only have these veterans used up part or in some cases all of their lim-ited GI bill education benefits, some of them relied on VA housing assistance to pay their rent and afford a place to live for themselves and their families. Veterans can only receive this housing stipend if they are enrolled in a school that qualifies for GI bill benefits, so the closure of ITT Tech has put them at risk of being unable to afford their current housing and further disrupting their lives. I support the bipartisan Veterans Education Relief and Restoration Act, or VERRA, introduced by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and T ILLIS , to reinstate GI bill education benefits in certain cases and to give the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs the authority to tempo-rarily extend housing benefits to vet-erans, including those who attended ITT Tech, who find their education in-terrupted by a sudden closure of a school. The closure of ITT Tech makes the need to pass VERRA an emergency for so many veterans across the country. This is a commonsense bill—it’s bipar-tisan—and it’s time sensitive. I urge Republicans not to block this effort to extend this modest and much- needed relief to our veterans who have been put in this terrible position by ITT Tech. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I stand before my colleagues this evening as a veteran of the Vietnam War who re-turned to this country after a third tour in Southeast Asia. I moved from California to Delaware and enrolled there at the University of Delaware in their business school, in their MBA program. I was fortunate enough, along with many other Vietnam-era vet-erans, to receive a GI bill benefit; it was about $250 a month. College tuition was a lot less in those days. I was happy to have every penny of it. But today we offer a GI bill benefit that is far more robust and far more needed than it was when I came back from Southeast Asia. Today, veterans return often throughout the course of the year in Delaware. The Governor and our con-gressional delegation—Senator COONS , Congressman C
ARNEY , and I—will ei-ther send National Guard men and women off to deployments around the world or we might welcome them home. Whenever we welcome them home, I say to the returning National Guard men and women, the Army Guard and Air Guard: Welcome home to the best GI bill benefits in the his-tory of the country. If they want to go to the University of Delaware, tuition is paid for; at Delaware State University or Delaware Community College, tuition is paid for. If they need books—they probably do— they are paid for, and fees are paid for. If they need tutoring, it is paid for, and they also receive roughly a $1,500-a- month housing allowance. That is a great benefit, and folks who go to those schools generally get a very good edu-cation, and they get a lot of help in job placement after they have completed their education. That is not always the case in some of our for-profit colleges and universities. Some of them do a good job; some of them don’t. One of them that hasn’t done a good job is called ITT Tech. We heard it talked about this evening on the Sen-ate floor. There were about 7,000 vet-erans using the Post-9/11 GI bill bene-fits that ITT Tech took from them when the school suddenly collapsed earlier this month. This provided $22,000 a year in educational assistance to private nonprofit and private for- profit colleges. The Post-9/11 GI bill provides a housing allowance that our veterans depend on to support their families while they attend class. When ITT Tech closed its doors, it also meant that this housing allowance came to an abrupt halt. I urged the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to work closely with the Department of Edu-cation to ensure that ITT Tech student veterans had the same resources and guidance they need to transfer and con-tinue their education at high quality institutions of learning. But some vet-erans will not be able to transfer to an-other school this month or next month. We want them to make smart decisions about their educational future. That is why passing this bipartisan bill or some similar bipartisan bill to restore lost educational benefits and tempo-rarily—underline temporarily—extend the housing allowance for students who attend schools like ITT Tech that sud-denly close is so critical to our Na-tion’s veterans and their families. We want to make sure that the stu-dent veterans have enough time—not an endless period, but enough time—to decide whether it is best to transfer to another school, to discharge their stu-dent loans, or start over at another school, such as a community college. This legislation is really about making sure the veterans continue to receive benefits they have earned in service to our country. Our Nation’s veterans did not cause ITT Tech to collapse. Our Nation’s vet-erans and our Nation’s taxpayers de-serve better than they have received at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.062 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6194 September 28, 2016 
the hands of ITT Tech. The least we can do is provide some very modest re-lief during this tough period of transi-tion. I think passing this bill or some-thing similar to this legislation is the least we can do. My hope is that after we return from the recess after the election we can start talking across the aisle about more help to our student veterans and folks on the Post-9/11 GI bill. It is iron-ic that folks who are not veterans but recipients of Federal aid for education are in a similar situation, and they es-sentially would be made whole, but that is not the case with our veterans. I am not comfortable with that situa-tion, and I suspect a lot of my col-leagues are not either. I will close this part of my remarks. I think most of us ascribe to the Gold-en Rule—treat other people the way you want to be treated. I have been a veteran myself. I got a great education, graduate school at the University of Delaware, but I know how I would want to be treated if I were in the shoes of these thousands of veterans who have been mistreated at the hands of ITT Tech. We need to do something about it, and I hope that when we return, we will. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES 
JUSTO ‘‘TITO’’ HERNANDEZ AND MELISSA  
FORBES  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, as some of my colleagues know, nearly every month for more than 1 year now, I have come to the Senate floor regularly to highlight the diverse and difficult work performed by the men and women at the Department of Homeland Security. I have been privileged to be at times in recent years the chairman of the Sen-ate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and today serve as the senior Democrat, the rank-ing member of that committee. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity is part of the government that we have direct jurisdiction over, and it is one that I have had a great privilege to work with and have had an opportunity to oversee the operation of that De-partment. The Department of Home-land Security has more than 230,000 employees stationed around our coun-try at our ports of entry, major transit hubs, and in major cities and small communities alike. Each day the De-partment of Homeland Security per-forms some of the most challenging jobs in the Federal Government. From securing radiological material to pro-tecting our cyber networks to respond-ing to natural disasters such as floods, fires, and tornadoes, the Department of Homeland Security employees work around-the-clock to stay ahead of threats to our communities, our homes, and our families. I commend Secretary Jeh Johnson, Deputy Secretary Mayorkas, and their entire leadership team for their contin-ued efforts to bring the entire depart-ment together and make the Depart-ment of Homeland Security more than just the sum of its parts. Last week, the 2016 Federal Em-ployee Viewpoint survey was released with some good news. The annual sur-vey is provided to hundreds of thou-sands of Federal employees every year to gauge their satisfaction with their jobs and their engagement with their agency as a whole. After 6 years of de-clining morale numbers, the tide has begun to turn at the Department of Homeland Security. That is a good thing. Since last year, morale has in-creased throughout the Department by some 3 percent. I think that is prob-ably more than any other Department in the Federal Government—over the last year, a significant one-year im-provement and a better result than the Federal Government average over the same period. Like turning an aircraft carrier, im-proving morale over a large Federal agency takes time. You can turn an aircraft carrier’s course, but it takes a little while, and so does changing and improving the morale of a department with a quarter of a million people spread out all over the world. I believe this latest survey shows that the hard work done by Secretary Johnson and Deputy Secretary Mayorkas and their team has begun to put this ship on a better course for the future. While more work needs to be done to improve morale at the Department of Homeland Security, this effort does not fall on Secretary Johnson alone. Each Member of Congress and every Amer-ican can help support the Department and its employees by simply acknowl-edging the good work that the employ-ees do there every day. Whether we simply say thank you to a TSA agent or TSO officer the next time we pass through an airport or give an occa-sional speech on the Senate floor as I am doing tonight and have done on other occasions, our support makes a difference. Mr. President, each September, the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, which we affectionately call FEMA, marks National Preparedness Month. Throughout the month, FEMA encour-ages all Americans to prepare for nat-ural disasters and emergencies. To con-tinue highlighting National Prepared-ness Month and to continue to high-light the important work done by FEMA and its people, I want to take a moment tonight to thank just a few of the employees of FEMA, one of the 22 component agencies all told that make up the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. As my colleagues may know, just last month, historic flooding inundated much of the State of Louisiana. What some may not know is that even before the floodwaters had peaked, FEMA em-ployees and personnel were on the ground there. They were setting up In-cident Support Bases to provide sup-plies, coordinating with State and local officials, and supporting first respond-ers in rescue efforts. FEMA also set up Disaster Recovery Centers to assist residents seeking Federal aid to get back on their feet in the aftermath of the storms. One of the first FEMA employees on the ground there more than a month ago was Justo Hernandez, and Justo’s picture is right here. Justo goes by the nickname Tito and is a Team Leader of the East II National Incident Manage-ment Assistance Team. With 28 years’ experience with FEMA, Tito leads his team in immediate response efforts to natural and manmade disasters when-ever and wherever they occur. Ready at a moment’s notice, Tito and his team are experts in disaster re-sponse, specializing in operations, lo-gistics, planning, and recovery. They put their experience to use by sup-porting State and local officials as they work through the most trying of situations. Members of Tito’s team say that he is by far the best manager and super-visor they have ever worked for. As a leader, Tito leads by example, not afraid to get his hands dirty and never turning down a task, large or small. With their team expected to be de-ployed nearly 9 months out of the year, Tito has a deep respect for his team members’ personal time. When Tito does get some time back at home, I know he enjoys spending every moment with his wife and three children. His family is incredibly gen-erous, and we are grateful to them for lending our Nation their husband and father so he may undertake this impor-tant work in many parts of America on behalf of all Americans. As a FEMA employee, Tito embodies the spirit of dedication and caring, shaking hands with each individual he comes into contact with, asking them, ‘‘How are you doing?’’ As with most of the men and women at FEMA, Tito doesn’t stop there. He does all he can do to help people. Last month, I visited FEMA head-quarters here in Washington, DC. I met a number of the thousands of dedicated employees who work there. This is a picture from FEMA. These are some of the exceptional people who help us in some of our darkest hours. While many of these men and women were not di-rectly involved in the response effort in Louisiana, they felt obligated to do all they could for their colleagues who were on the ground in Louisiana or co-ordinating from around the country. In fact, FEMA headquarters established a backup call center in their offices, and dozens of FEMA employees volun-teered—during or after their regular working hours—to man the phones and talk to people through some of the toughest situations imaginable. One FEMA employee who asked how she could help is Melissa Forbes. Me-lissa has a Ph.D. in public policy and serves as Director of Enterprise Re-source Planning in FEMA’s Office of Policy and Program Analysis. Melissa’s day job is to ensure that FEMA has the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.064 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6195 September 28, 2016 
resources needed for the challenges it expects to face in the months and years ahead. For 27 hours over the course of 5 days—that is more than five hours each day—Melissa put her regular work on hold and came to the call center. In those 27 hours, Melissa took countless calls, answering questions and con-necting people with her colleagues at FEMA who could get them immediate help. In the Navy, when someone does a truly remarkable job, we say these words: ‘‘Bravo Zulu.’’ So, to Melissa and to all who worked and volunteered at FEMA headquarters, I would say a great big ‘‘Bravo Zulu.’’ As I mentioned earlier, FEMA is made up of thousands of men and women who ask every day: How are you? How are you doing? How can we help? While Tito, his team, and others from FEMA were on the ground in Lou-isiana, Melissa felt compelled to do all she could do to support them. More than a year ago, Secretary Johnson launched his Unity of Effort initiative to bring the Department of Homeland Security employees closer together in their shared mission. Last month, Melissa and Tito were reunited from a thousand miles away in their ef-forts to help the people of Louisiana. Every month I come to the Senate floor and highlight the amazing dedica-tion of two or three people, in some cases entire teams of men and women who are united in their shared goal of keeping Americans safe. In closing, let me say that I don’t think the results from this year’s Fed-eral Employee Viewpoint Survey are a fluke. I believe the improvement in morale that has been reported by the thousands of employees at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security represents the growing unity within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, the young-est and third largest Cabinet Depart-ment in the Federal Government. I, for one, look forward to next year’s viewpoint survey, as well as those in the years to come, because I believe they will continue to put on display an ever more united and effective depart-ment. So to Tito, to the East II team, to Melissa and the volunteers at FEMA headquarters, as well as to everyone at FEMA, we say a great big thank you. Thank you for coming together, not only by asking ‘‘How are you doing?’’ but by going to work to make things better for all of us. Keep up the great work that you are doing, and God bless you. I have been joined on the floor by the majority leader. Before I yield the floor, let me say to another person who has joined us, my colleague from New Hampshire, who is the ranking member Democrat on the Appropriations Subcommittee for Homeland Security that she and the chairman, former Governor H
OEVEN , Senator H
OEVEN now, do a wonderful job that is important to Homeland Se-curity. On behalf of Melissa and Tito and all the hundreds of thousands of people who work with them in Home-land Security, thank you for being there for them. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
TREATY ON PLANT GENETIC RE-SOURCES FOR FOOD AND AGRI-CULTURE 
THE CONVENTION ON THE LAW APPLICABLE TO CERTAIN RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF SECURI-TIES HELD WITH AN INTER-MEDIARY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following treaties on today’s Executive Calendar en bloc: Nos. 9 and 10; I further ask unanimous consent that the treaties be considered as hav-ing passed through their various par-liamentary stages up to and including the presentation of the resolutions of ratification; that any committee con-ditions, declarations, or reservations be agreed to as applicable; that any statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; further, that each treaty be voted on en bloc but considered voted on indi-vidually; that the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table; that the President be notified of the Senate’s action; and that following the disposi-tion of the treaties, the Senate return to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The treaties will be stated. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Treaty document No. 110–19, Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agri-culture. Treaty document No. 112–6, The Conven-tion on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Inter-mediary. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for a division vote on the resolu-tions of ratification en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. A divi-sion vote has been requested. On treaty document No. 110–19, Sen-ators in favor of the resolution of rati-fication will rise and stand until count-ed. Those opposed will rise and stand until counted. On a division vote, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative, the resolution of ratifica-tion is agreed to. The resolution of ratification is as follows: 
Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO AN UNDERSTANDING AND A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agri-culture, adopted by the Food and Agri-culture Organization of the United Nations on November 3, 2001, and signed by the United States of America on November 1, 2002 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc. 110–19), sub-ject to the understanding of section 2 and the declaration of section 3. SEC. 2. UNDERSTANDING. 
The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following understanding, which shall be included in the United States instrument of ratification: The United States of America understands that Article 12.3d shall not be construed in a manner that diminishes the availability or exercise of intellectual property rights under national laws. 
SEC. 3. DECLARATION. 
The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is not self-exe-cuting. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On trea-ty document No. 112–6, Senators in favor of the resolution of ratification will rise and stand until counted. Those opposed will rise and stand until counted. On a division vote, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative, the resolution of ratifica-tion is agreed to. The resolution of ratification is as follows: 
Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary, done at The Hague on July 5, 2006, and signed by the United States on that same day (the ‘‘Convention’’) (Treaty Doc. 112–6), subject to the declaration of section 2. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION. 
The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Convention is self-exe-cuting. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—H.R. 4511 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m., on Tuesday, November 15, the Rules Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4511 and the Sen-ate proceed to its immediate consider-ation; I further ask that there then be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.065 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6196 September 28, 2016 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar Nos. 720 through 727 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further mo-tions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: Col. Kenneth P. Ekman To be major general Brig. Gen. Jon T. Thomas 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officers for appoint-ment to the grade indicated in the United States Army under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Alfred F. Abramson, III Col. Peter B. Andrysiak, Jr. Col. Robert W. Bennett, Jr. Col. Jonathan P. Braga Col. John W. Brennan, Jr. Col. David E. Brigham Col. Miguel A. Correa Col. Clement S. Coward, Jr. Col. Patrick J. Donahoe Col. Christopher T. Donahue Col. Robert L. Edmonson, II Col. Scott L. Efflandt Col. David J. Francis Col. Paul H. Fredenburgh Col. David M. Hamilton Col. Neil S. Hersey Col. Lonnie G. Hibbard Col. Johnnie L. Johnson, Jr. Col. Omar J. Jones, IV Col. Mark H. Landes Col. David A. Lesperance Col. Stephen J. Maranian Col. Douglas M. McBride, Jr. Col. Matthew W. McFarlane Col. Stephen L. Michael Col. Christopher O. Mohan Col. Laura A. Potter Col. Anthony W. Potts Col. Robert A. Rasch, Jr. Col. Kenneth T. Royar Col. Douglas A Sims, II Col. Stephen G. Smith Col. John C. Ulrich Col. Robert F. Whittle, Jr. Col. David Wilson 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Gen. John E. Hyten IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Christopher W. Grady [NEW REPORTS] 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. John F. Thompson The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Robert D. McMurry, Jr. 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated while assigned to a position of impor-tance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Reynold N. Hoover N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1768 AIR FORCE nomination of Scott E. Williams, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1769 AIR FORCE nomination of John D. Cinnamon, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1770 AIR FORCE nomination of Alfred G. Traylor, II, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1771 AIR FORCE nomination of Mark C. Anarumo, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1772 AIR FORCE nomination of Steven C. M. Hasstedt, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1773 ARMY nomination of Karl E. Nell, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 22, 2016. PN1774 ARMY nomination of Todd D. Wolford, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1775 ARMY nomination of Lance L. Jelks, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 22, 2016. PN1776 ARMY nomination of Matthew A. Levine, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1777 ARMY nomination of Daniel J. Donovan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1778 ARMY nomination of Donna A. McDermott, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  PN1642–2 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (188) beginning Diana Isabel Acosta, and end-ing Elisa Joelle Zogbi, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1643–2 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (4) beginning Jennisa Paredes, and ending Jamoral Twine, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1704–2 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (99) beginning Jorge A. Abudei, and ending Deborah Kay Jones, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1705 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (161) beginning John Robert Adams, and end-ing David M. Zwick, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1700 NAVY nomination of Thomas M. Hearty, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1779 NAVY nominations (40) beginning JORDAN M. ADLER, and ending RICHARD C. WONG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1780 NAVY nominations (59) beginning JOHN A. ALLEN, and ending TIMBERON C. VANZANT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1781 NAVY nominations (23) beginning CHRISTOPHER D. AYALA, and ending AN-DREW S. WEST, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1782 NAVY nominations (13) beginning FRANCIS B. CARNABY, and ending RE-BECCA I. SUMMERS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1783 NAVY nominations (14) beginning BENJAMIN R. ADDISON, and ending RUS-SELL P. WOLFKIEL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1784 NAVY nominations (27) beginning JOSHUA C. ALCAZAR, and ending JUI I. YANG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1785 NAVY nominations (4) beginning SILAS O. CARPENTER, and ending CHRIS-TOPHER E. WELLS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1786 NAVY nominations (17) beginning GALO A. CAVALCANTI, and ending AUDRA M. VANCE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1787 NAVY nominations (902) beginning CHRISTOPHER T. ABPLANALP, and ending RYAN E. ZYVITH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1788 NAVY nominations (42) beginning STEVEN M. ARBOGAST, and ending JO-SEPH M. STARK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. PN1789 NAVY nominations (154) beginning DORIAN R. ACKER, and ending JASON YORK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 22, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.104 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6197 September 28, 2016 
PN1790 NAVY nominations (65) beginning MICHAEL A. AMMENDOLA, and ending MI-CHAEL B. ZIMET, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 22, 2016. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 728 through 734. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Rena Bitter, of Texas, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Lao People’s Demo-cratic Republic; Sung Y. Kim, of Cali-fornia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of the Philippines; Andrew Robert Young, of California, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Burkina Faso; W. Stuart Symington, of Mis-souri, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Fed-eral Republic of Nigeria; Joseph R. Donovan Jr., of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Indonesia; Christopher Coons, of Delaware, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Seventy-first Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations; and Ronald H. Johnson, of Wisconsin, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Sev-enty-first Session of the General As-sembly of the United Nations. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc without intervening action or debate; that, if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session without any intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Bitter, Kim, Young, Symington, Donovan, Coons, and Johnson nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. f 
MAKING A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 5325 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 53. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 53) directing the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives to make a correction in the en-rollment of H.R. 5325. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 53) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR DES-IGNATION OF THE WEEK OF OC-TOBER 9, 2016, THROUGH OCTO-BER 15, 2016, AS ‘‘EARTH SCIENCE WEEK’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 562. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 562) expressing sup-port for designation of the week of October 9, 2016, through October 15, 2016, as ‘‘Earth Science Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 562) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 15, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 585, S. Res. 586, S. Res. 587, and S. Res. 588. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles, where applicable, be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles where applicable, were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, where applicable, are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ex-press my appreciation to the Senate that in the funding bill it includes the money for Zika, $1.1 billion that has been so desperately needed, not only assisting local governments and State governments with things such as mos-quito control but also starting the trial on the Zika vaccine. The first trial is necessary. There will be a second and larger trial, and, hopefully, at the end of that, we will have a Zika vaccine. This has gotten to the level of being quite uncomfortable. Over 2,000 preg-nant women in the continental United States and our territories have the Zika virus. We know from the CDC that for up to 12 percent, it is likely there will be a birth defect. So I want the Senate to know how much I appreciate this. In my own State of Florida, we have been so se-verely hit now, with 91 of our fellow citizens who are pregnant and have the virus. We say Godspeed to them and hope they will not have babies with birth defects. But now at least the cav-alry has arrived and we have the money to proceed with trying to stamp out this Zika virus. I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
f 
SURVIVORS’ BILL OF RIGHTS ACT OF 2016 Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor for the same reason Senator S
HAHEEN of New Hampshire is here. I rise today to speak on the Sur-vivors’ Bill of Rights. This is a non-controversial and very bipartisan bill. It has already passed the Senate. Amanda Nguyen is a rape victim and a survivor who has been the driving force behind this legislation. She is founder and president of an organiza-tion that goes by the acronym RISE, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.057 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6198 September 28, 2016 
group which advocates on behalf of sur-vivors of sexual violence. Amanda has worked hand in hand with both polit-ical parties on this bill to establish new rights for survivors of sexual vio-lence. That is the way it should be be-cause regardless of political party, all Members of Congress should be empow-ering survivors of sexual violence. However, while Republicans were ready to move forward on this bill last week, Democratic leadership has been stall-ing Amanda’s diligent efforts. This bill ensures that all survivors of sexual violence have equal access to all available tools in their pursuit of jus-tice. This includes the proper collec-tion and preservation of forensic evi-dence that is so vital in cases of sexual violence. This bill also guarantees these survivors a new package of rights. As I said, this is a bipartisan bill, very noncontroversial. It has already passed this body 89 to 0. Each day, others like Amanda will fall victim to sexual violence. The Sen-ate should not wait one more day to help these people seek justice, so, after Senator S
HAHEEN speaks, I am here now to request unanimous consent to move this bill. My understanding is that it is now OK with the Democrats to agree to the passage of this legisla-tion. Mr. President, I yield the floor, hope-fully for the purpose of Senator S
HA-
HEEN stating her views on this bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am pleased to join my colleague, the chair of the Judiciary Committee, as he re-quests a unanimous consent vote to pass the Sexual Assault Survivors’ Rights Act. Passage of this bill marks a momentous day for survivors of sex-ual assault, and it really is a testament to the important progress we can make in Congress when we work together on a bipartisan basis to address the needs of the American people. The Sexual Assault Survivors’ Rights Act for the first time establishes a set of codified, court-enforceable rights to address unique issues faced by sexual assault survivors. It also ensures sur-vivors the opportunity to enforce these rights in Federal court. Last February, I introduced this leg-islation, but the real inspiration for the bill came many months earlier when I first met with Amanda Nguyen, a young sexual assault survivor who faced heartbreaking challenges after reporting her assault. As Senator G
RASSLEY said, she was really the mov-ing force behind this legislation. Amanda told me about the repeated battles she fought to prevent her rape forensic kit from being destroyed, and she recounted the grueling legal proc-ess that she and other survivors have endured in order to win justice. Well, I was deeply moved by Amanda’s experi-ence, and soon after that initial meet-ing, I got to work with staff. We worked through multiple drafts, and with invaluable counsel from Amanda, as well as dozens of nationally recog-nized experts and organizations, we produced the final bill that was intro-duced in February. I thank Senators BLUMENTHAL and L
EAHY for their counsel throughout the process and for serving as original co-sponsors. As I said earlier, I also thank Senator G
RASSLEY and Senator S CHU-
MER, who helped moved the bill through the Judiciary committee in April. It passed the full Senate in May. The same legislation, sponsored by Representatives W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , L
AMAR SMITH, MIMIWALTERS , and Z OE L
OFGREN , was unanimously passed by the House earlier this month. Following the introduction of the bill, there was a groundswell of nation-wide support for the rights set forth in this legislation, including more than 90,000 people who signed a petition urg-ing Congress to act. Clearly the bill resonated with the American people, especially survivors of sexual assault because so many survivors feel intimi-dated by the legal process and they choose not to go forward. That is one reason sexual assault is among the most underreported and unpunished crimes nationwide. Nearly 70 percent of attacks go unreported. Many survivors who initially file charges become frus-trated by the legal obstacle course, and they give up before their cases are re-solved, or, for many of them, their cases simply slip through the cracks. The rights set forth in this new law will apply only in Federal cases, but we know from experience that when Con-gress makes reforms to Federal stat-utes, it often serves as a model and cat-alyst for States to improve their own laws. The goal is to create a standard-ized, transparent process that reas-sures survivors they will be supported and protected as they pursue justice. The Sexual Assault Survivors’ Rights Act, as Senator G
RASSLEY said, will es-tablish fair procedures with regard to rape forensic kits, including the right not to be charged any fees related to the forensic medical examination; the right to have sexual assault evidence preserved for the entire statute of limi-tations period; the right to be informed of the results of medical exams; and the right to written notice prior to de-struction of a rape kit. These and other rights are basic and essential protec-tions that all survivors ought to have regardless of where they live. In drafting the legislation, we wanted to make clear that by establishing these rights for survivors, without pre-condition we ensure that survivors’ in-terests are legally protected, regardless of how or if they choose to move for-ward with an official report to police. We know that sometimes in the imme-diate aftermath of an attack, many survivors are not prepared to face the additional emotional challenges of con-fronting their attacker in the legal sys-tem. We also know that after survivors have a chance to heal, they are often more prepared to seek justice. States around the country are recognizing this fact and extending their statute of limitations on sexual crimes. The rights in this legislation, hand in hand with that process at the State level, ensure that even if a survivor only seeks a medical forensic exam or reports an assault anonymously, even if a survivor is not ready to imme-diately move forward with the criminal process, the survivor will have enforce-able rights in our legal system and can be assured that evidence is preserved for the future. I thank all my colleagues in both the Senate and the House who have come together on a bipartisan basis to create a reform process that ends the silence surrounding sexual assault, that brings it out of the shadows, and that gives survivors a fair shot at justice. When the President signs this bill into law in the days ahead, it will send a powerful message to survivors all across the country: You do have rights. We do care about you. And if you choose to come forward, we are going to ensure a justice system that treats you with dignity and fairness. Again, I thank all my colleagues. I know Senator GRASSLEY is going to be requesting unanimous consent that this legislation go forward. Mr. Presi-dent, I would like to be recorded as present and voting yes on that unani-mous consent request, and I am pleased to be able to join Senator G
RASSLEY as he makes this momentous request. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I thank Senator S
HAHEEN for her support and her detailed explanation of what the legislation does and for everything she has done to help move this legisla-tion along. At this time, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on the Judici-ary be discharged from further consid-eration of H.R. 5578 and the Senate pro-ceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5578) to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the meas-ure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the measure? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 5578) was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.106 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6199 September 28, 2016 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on H.R. 5578 we take an important step forward for victims of crime by establishing key protections for survivors of sexual assault in our criminal justice system. I was proud to work with Senator S
HAHEEN on this legislation when it passed in the Senate earlier this year. Her Sexual Assault Survivors’ Rights Act addresses the unique challenges faced by sexual assault survivors. This bipartisan bill received overwhelming support in the Senate. The House has acted on a companion bill, H.R. 5578, that is nearly identical to what Sen-ator S
HAHEEN championed in the Sen-ate. Today we pass the House measure and ensure that it will become law. In many jurisdictions across the country, survivors of sexual assault face a labyrinth of complex policies that deter them from pursuing justice. We have seen that even when survivors make the decision to come forward, sometimes evidence is not properly preserved or tested. This is not accept-able. Survivors of sexual assault should never feel abandoned by our criminal justice system. Senator S
HAHEEN ’s Sexual Assault Survivors’ Rights Act treats survivors with the dignity and respect that they deserve. It guarantees basic rights to survivors and serves as a model for re-form across our Nation. It strengthens notice requirements to ensure that sur-vivors understand their rights, and know the status of their cases. Senator S
HAHEEN was an original co-sponsor of the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, which was signed into law in 2013 and significantly increased resources for survivors of sexual assault. We are building on that progress today by passing the Sexual Assault Survivors’ Rights Act, but our work is not done. I urge the House to pass my bipartisan Justice for All Reauthorization Act, which increases protections for victims of crime and provides resources to en-sure key evidence is tested. The Senate passed this bill in June by voice vote, and I hope the House will act soon so that it can become law. Today, I stand with survivors of sex-ual assault and with Senator S
HAHEEN , whose work to protect the rights of victims is of great importance. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for such time as I may consume, and I would say it would be in the neighborhood of about 10 or 12, maybe 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I very much appreciate the leadership on the other side of the aisle in letting this survivors’ bill of rights pass. I do have some comments on the procedures that have held this bill and other bills up for too long a time. I usually don’t feel the need to address the Democratic leader’s remarks on the floor, but he has decided to put partisan politics above rape survivors for the last week at least, so I cannot stand on the side-lines and let those remarks go unrebutted. The Democratic leader recently said right here on the floor of the Senate that ‘‘Congress is floundering because of Republican inaction.’’ This could not be further from the truth. If you want to know what is really going on, it is that the Democratic leader is using po-litical gamesmanship to hold up non-controversial as well as bipartisan leg-islation, mostly by Republican Mem-bers who are up for reelection this year. Why isn’t the so-called objective media reporting on this? One need look no further than earlier today when Senator JOHNSON offered a non-controversial bill to fight ALS, a tragic disease, and the Democratic leader blocked it. Look no further than what happened last week to Senator T
OOMEY ’s bill, a noncontroversial bill to prevent animals from cruelty and torture. The Democratic leader blocked it. Look no further than what happened earlier this week to Senator T
HUNE ’s bill, the noncontroversial MO-BILE NOW Act. The Democratic leader blocked it. Look no further than what happened earlier this summer to an-other noncontroversial bill backed by Senator J
OHNSON that would improve whistleblower protections. The Demo-cratic leader blocked it. Look no fur-ther than what happened a few months ago to Senator A
YOTTE ’s bill, a non-controversial bill to make anthrax vac-cines available to first responders. The Democratic leader blocked it. That same day, just a week after five police officers were killed in Dallas, I tried to pass my noncontroversial bill to assist families of fallen police officers. The Democratic leader blocked that bill as well. Each time Republicans tried to pass noncontroversial, bipartisan legisla-tion, the Democratic leader blocked it. He is the common denominator. I wish I could say that I am surprised by the obstruction that is being pushed by the Democratic leader. But how can I be? This is how the Senate operated under his control. Under his tenure, even Members of his own party weren’t al-lowed to offer amendments to his legis-lation unless he allowed it. In fact, there was at least one Member on the other side who went a full 6-year term without ever being allowed to offer a single amendment on the Senate floor for a vote. The Democratic leader’s actions in recent weeks—blocking these other bi-partisan and, let me emphasize, non-controversial bills—is pure, unfiltered partisanship. It is election-year poli-tics at its very worst. It is the same failed strategy American voters re-jected in 2014 when they gave Repub-licans control of the Senate. Perhaps the Las Vegas Tribune had it right a few months ago when they wrote that for the Democratic leader, ‘‘[it’s] poli-tics first, last and always.’’ Today I had an opportunity to cham-pion for Amanda Nguyen and all sur-vivors of sexual assault across the country. I am delighted the Demo-cratic leader relented on this very im-portant piece of legislation and let this bill pass. I urge the Democratic leader to allow these other bipartisan initia-tives to pass as well. f 
RESTRICTIONS ON UNCLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I want to again discuss the un-necessary restrictions on unclassified documents from the FBI’s investiga-tion of Secretary Clinton. By way of background, on September 12, I came to the floor and gave a speech about the FBI improperly re-stricting unclassified documents as if they were actually classified. Since that speech, the FBI Director has con-tinued to talk about transparency, as transparency should be talked about because the public’s business ought to be public, and when there is trans-parency, there is accountability in gov-ernment. Behind the scenes, the FBI won’t pro-vide documents to the Senate Judici-ary Committee unless we agree to very strict controls and strict secrecy. The FBI doesn’t want the committee or the committee staff talking about what is in these documents to anyone, not even privately with witnesses and their at-torneys. Today, I personally spoke with Direc-tor Comey about the terms his staff is insisting on as a condition for pro-viding the Clinton investigation docu-ments. I want to be clear with the peo-ple of Iowa and the American public about what I told him and what my po-sition is as chairman of the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, which is respon-sible for oversight of the FBI. The committee did not agree to any conditions before the first document delivery last month. In fact, nobody at the FBI, Senate security, or Senate leadership consulted with me as chair-man of that committee before accept-ing the documents addressed to the Ju-diciary Committee. Still, we honored those limits in good faith anyway while we tried to get the unclassified material separated from the classified material. We honored the limits even though we were not obligated by any legal restriction or agreement. The controls of these documents are overkill for this kind of unclassified material. The access controls make it unnecessarily difficult to use docu-ments and to follow up on the informa-tion in those documents. The most objectionable restriction is that we cannot talk about the content 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.107 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6200 September 28, 2016 
of the documents with witnesses and other third parties, such as their coun-sel, even if we do it in a nonpublic way, and that substantially interferes with the Senate’s ability to continue its constitutional oversight of the execu-tive branch. So the majority leader and I each wrote to Director Comey asking for a separate set of unclassified docu-ments. Director Comey did not answer that letter. Then the FBI released, through the Freedom of Information Act, virtually all of the same unclassi-fied material that it was asking the Senate to treat as if it was classified. Releasing as much as possible to the public is the right thing to do, and I very much appreciate that Director Comey is complying with his legal obli-gation for transparency under the Freedom of Information Act. But these document controls imposed before the public release make it look as if the FBI is trying to muzzle Congress and keep us from working with the infor-mation until after the FOIA process is completed. So what is Congress forced to do? Congress has to wait in line be-hind FOIA requesters before we get ac-cess to information in a way that we can actually use it as followup for our investigation. The way this process is working sets a very dangerous prece-dent that could undermine trans-parency, and transparency is essential for accountability in government. Frankly, this whole process is an end run around our constitutional over-sight responsibility. If an agency wants to slow-walk Freedom of Information requests and give unclassified informa-tion to Congress with all kinds of strings attached to prevent us from using it, it could easily thwart over-sight and accountability for months or even years. I cannot agree to document controls that prevent the committee from doing its job, and the FBI should not ask me to do that. We actually offered not to publicly disclose the contents of the documents and to treat them as confidential under Senate rules. Why is that not enough for the FBI to provide documents be-fore the Freedom of Information proc-ess is complete so that we can use those very same documents in pri-vately questioning witnesses? All 100 Senators need to consider the consequences of allowing the executive branch to unilaterally impose restric-tions on unclassified information like this. We must protect the independent powers of the Senate from the execu-tive branch overreach. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— S. 2971 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about legislation that would support our first responders— specifically those who work on our urban search and rescue teams. These are FEMA forces around the country staffed by volunteers—brave individ-uals who are willing to go into danger, who are willing to go into places like the aftermath of 9/11, as they did, or Katrina, as they did. We just had the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, and many of my col-leagues came on the floor and talked about how much they appreciate those first responders who responded for us. They talked about their virtues and how they put their lives on the line to rescue victims. Those heroes included members of our urban search and res-cue teams. As we all do, I remember where I was on 9/11. I was here in Washington. My wife was in for a rare visit. The morn-ing 9/11 happened, I think she got the last Enterprise rental car out of town and went straight home to be with our three kids to let them know they would be safe. As she was driving back to Ohio on a Pennsylvania highway, she saw flashing lights coming the other way. It was Ohio Task Force One. She recognized the truck right away because we knew a lot of the members of that task force. The lights were flashing as they went into danger: They were driving to 9/11. They were there for weeks. Some were there for months. They put their lives on the line for all of us. At every place around the country, these task forces are staffed by the same brave individuals—not just brave but highly skilled. We think about the bravery of people like Chief Jeff Payne of Ohio Task Force One, who imme-diately left his family and went to the World Trade Center. We think of men like Ray Downey, one of the architects of FEMA’s Urban Search and Rescue Program. Ray gave his life that day, 9/ 11, so that others could live. I think about so many around the country who are not just brave but highly skilled and do extraordinary work. They bring specialized skills that most first re-sponders wouldn’t have, skills such as heavy rigging or the ability to lift large and heavy objects like iron beams and concrete walls—tools that were needed at the World Trade Center. They are absolutely critical to the fu-ture of our emergency response. They also went to Katrina to save lives there. They are volunteers. They leave their families on a moment’s notice when they are needed for this vital sup-port. On 9/11, some lost their lives in service. The families who were affected by that want to be sure that when those members deploy at the risk of their health, employment, and personal li-ability, that when they put it all on the line, we are there for them. That is what this legislation does. It doesn’t have to be the way it is now because we could put legislation in place that would take a lot of those concerns away, give people more peace of mind, and protect these first re-sponders from lawsuits, medical ex-penses, and job loss as a result of their service. The legislation is called the National Urban Search and Rescue Re-sponse System Act. It is something FEMA asked this Congress to do after 9/11. It took Congress a while to get through it, but we finally put together legislation with FEMA over the last year and a half. The legislation was worked on by Republicans and Demo-crats alike. It has been totally non-partisan. The coauthor of this legislation is TOMCARPER , the ranking Democrat on the Homeland Security Committee. The Homeland Security Committee passed this legislation not with a vote of Democrats and Republicans on each side but unanimously, with Democrats and Republicans working together. We actually passed the legislation unani-mously back on May 25. The legislation not only has the sup-port of Homeland Security & Govern-mental Affairs Chairman J
OHNSON , Ranking Member C
ARPER , Senator C
ORY BOOKER , Senator M IKEBENNET , Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , but it is also just common sense. This is exactly the kind of legislation we should be passing around here. It has the support of FEMA, strong support. They are the ones who worked with us to put this together because they want to codify what current rules are and expand those rules and clarify them. It has the strong support of the Inter-national Association of Firefighters, and they are wondering why we can’t get this done. It also has the support of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, with whom I spoke yesterday in a public hearing about this very bill. He said, ‘‘Let’s get it done.’’ He wants us to complete this project. He testified be-fore us yesterday—what will probably be his last testimony as Secretary be-fore the Homeland Security Com-mittee—and he said, ‘‘Let’s get this done.’’ Despite this unusual and strong bi-partisan support on a critical bill to help these first responders, we can’t seem to get it done. After getting out of committee on May 25 with a unanimous vote, we then took it to the floor. In fact, over the last couple of weeks, we have had it as a hotline, meaning you ask your col-leagues whether they are OK with it passing. Of course, there has been no concern at all about the substance of the bill, so on our side of the aisle, no concerns were raised. By the way, it took 1 day to hotline it on our side, of course, because there is no controversy about it. On the other side of the aisle, we have been asking every day. I have been asking my colleagues, including T
OMCARPER and C ORY BOOKER , who want to get this done, if they can help. They said there seems to be a hold on it. They say it is an anonymous hold. In other words, somebody is objecting to it over there on the other side of the aisle, but they won’t come forward and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.109 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6201 September 28, 2016 
say they are objecting to it. To me, that is wrong. That is why a couple days ago I said I was going to come to the floor and ask unanimous consent to find out who could possibly be object-ing to this. My colleagues asked me if I could give them a couple days to check it, so I have. So I didn’t do it the day before yesterday when I planned to, and I didn’t do it yesterday because they wanted more time to check on it. They continue to tell me that there is a hold, and it is an anonymous hold. I hope it is not for political purposes. That would, of course, be an incredible disservice to these first responders. If they think these task force members should come home from saving lives and have to pay for expensive injuries or health problems acquired in their service, we should have a conversation about that. If they think they shouldn’t have a job waiting for them when they get back, we should have a conversation about that. But frankly, in my view, I don’t think that is the issue. I can’t imagine anybody objects to this on the substance, so let’s get this done. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that we get it done; that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 578, S. 2971; fur-ther, that the committee-reported amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend from Ohio talks about common sense. Common sense dictates to me that the Republicans who run the Senate have had months to turn their attention to bills like this. They also have had months to do something else. For al-most 200 days we have been waiting— waiting for the Republicans to have a hearing with Merrick Garland. The Supreme Court is at a standstill. Nothing is being done. A new term, and they basically are afraid to take cases of controversy. Why? Because it is four to four. So common sense dictates to me that we should address the vacancy on the Supreme Court caused by the death of Justice Scalia. On March 16, 2016, he was nominated. We are approaching October. To date, the Senate has not held a vote or even a hearing. It is nice that a few have de-cided to break from the Republican leader and even met with the man. That was nice of them to do that. Why haven’t they held a hearing? Because they know they can’t hold a hearing. Here is one of the most reasonable peo-ple who could ever be selected for the Supreme Court. The former chair of the Judiciary Committee, O
RRIN H
ATCH , said he should be put on the bench. He would be a consensus nomi-nation. But not in this Republican world, no. So Democrats would be happy to con-sider bills like this about which the Senator inquires as soon as Repub-licans have a little common sense— they used that word—and schedule a hearing and a vote on the nomination of Judge Garland. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. REID addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio has the floor. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, this will probably be the last time I will have a chance to talk to the minority leader across the floor. I have worked with him on a number of things over the years, including when I was in the Senate and before the Senate. I guess I am going to plead with him this evening and say please don’t block this. This has nothing to do with Su-preme Court nominations. It has noth-ing to do with the other rancor we have seen here on the floor. This is a bill that is totally bipartisan. In fact, it is one that TOMCARPER , the ranking member of the committee, is the co-author of. It is one they have been ask-ing for from FEMA for 10 years, even going back to a previous administra-tion. It is one that has been up here on the floor for the last couple of weeks with no objections on the substance, not a single one. I know Senator R
EIDknows well that he has a task force in Nevada too. It is Nevada Task Force 1, located at the Clark County Fire Station in Las Vegas. I know he knows it well. They strongly support this legislation. Of course they do. All of them do. The International Association of Fire-fighters strongly supports this legisla-tion. If I can ask unanimous consent to put Senator R
EID’s name as the author rather than me, I would do that to-night. Am I permitted to do that, Mr. President? Mr. REID. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I am willing to have this be a Reid bill. It would be a good bill here toward the end of the session for the Senator to do, which would help his firefighters. I will withdraw my name from the bill. I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my name from the bill and insert Sen-ator R
EID’s name instead or anybody else he chooses. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. REID. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. REID. I have objected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I thank him for hearing me out tonight. And to my colleagues, I hope this is legislation we can move forward on as soon as we get into another session, I guess the lameduck session. I hope to go to work with my colleague from Ne-vada on that. I know he has been very supportive of firefighters and does not object to the merits of the legislation, so my hope is that we can get this done. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I would ask my friend before he leaves that the Senator modify his request: that fol-lowing a vote on confirmation of the nomination of Merrick Garland to be a Justice of the United States Supreme Court, the Senate proceed to the imme-diate consideration of his matter. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator modify his request? Mr. PORTMAN. No. On behalf of the majority leader, of course I object to that. I am amazed that we are blocking legislation to help our urban search and rescue teams by bringing partisan politics into this discussion, and I ob-ject. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I submit that—my friend still has the floor, so I don’t want to interrupt. Mr. PORTMAN. I would be happy to yield to the minority leader. f 
THE SENIOR SENATOR FROM IOWA Mr. REID. Mr. President, I don’t know how anything could be more po-litical, more repugnant to our system of government than what has happened with Merrick Garland. The senior Senator from Iowa came here, and I waited for him—came to the floor to talk for a long time and in the process took credit for a bill that was Senator S
HAHEEN ’s bill. It was her bill. He took it and put his name on it. That was interesting. In the same setting, he complained that I had objected to some bills advanced by Republican Senators. I have to say that the Senator from Iowa has a lot of nerve to complain about our side blocking legislation. The Republican Senate has written the book on obstruction, filibustering 644 times in the time I was leader. That is a lot. It is so far out of the norm that it is not worth trying to be able to state more than what I did yesterday. Lyndon Johnson was the majority leader for 6 years. There is some dis-pute over how many filibusters he had to overcome. We know it was one, and some say two. So two compared to 644 shows how outrageous is the conduct of the Republicans. The Senator from Iowa has written the book on obstruc-tion of nominations. He singlehandedly blocked Judge Garland’s nomination, and doing so is unprecedented. Never has a Judiciary Committee acted in this manner. To use Senator G
RASSLEY ’s own words, Senator G
RASSLEY ’s action is ‘‘pure, unfiltered partisanship. It is election-year politics at its very worst.’’ That was a quote from my friend, Senator G
RASSLEY . If the senior Senator from Iowa is looking for pure, unfiltered partisanship, the next time he combs his hair or shaves, he should look in the mirror. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.110 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6202 September 28, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I want to come to the floor to say that after a lot of work, the Senate has finally passed funding to take on Zika—a cause I have been talking about since April of this year. I want to say, in full credit to the Senate, that this is actually a very similar proposal that the Senate proposed in May, and it is now the one before us. I am sad that it took so long to get to this point, but at least we are here now. As I said before, it is better late than never. To the people of my home State of Florida, to the people of the island of Puerto Rico, who have been dis-proportionately impacted by the out-break of Zika in the United States, I want to say that despite a long wait, help is finally on the way. Help is fi-nally on the way in the form of a $1.1 billion anti-Zika package which is part of this larger law—this larger bill that passed today to keep the government open beyond September 30. Included in the law that passed today is $15 million that is specifically tar-geted for States with local trans-missions. The only State so far that has had local transmissions is my home State of Florida. Today, $15 mil-lion is, hopefully, on its way to Florida if we can get this done in the House to help with the fight against Zika. It also includes $60 million, specifi-cally for territories like Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico has the highest number of infected American citizens with Zika. Today is good news for Puerto Rico. This took far too long, but I am glad we are finally here. This anti-Zika package rightfully prioritizes Ameri-cans in Florida and in Puerto Rico, and I am encouraged that after months of working on this, my calls for action have finally been answered and real as-sistance from the Federal Government is finally on its way. I have to reiterate that it is shameful that it took so long and that this pub-lic health crisis was made worse by people playing political games in Washington, DC. If anyone is in doubt about whether that is partisan, I think the games have come from both side of the aisle. It took far too long for colleagues in my own party to understand the grav-ity and severity of this outbreak, and, sad to say, the Democratic minority in the Senate used this as a political tool for much of the month of August and even as late as yesterday. I am glad that these critical resources are now moving forward so that we can help thousands of Americans suffering from this virus and so that we can step up our mosquito eradication efforts and ultimately so that we can develop a vaccine that eradicates Zika for good. While the funding is on its way, the problem still continues. In the main-land of the United States, there are now 3,358 cases of Zika. In U.S. terri-tories, primarily the island of Puerto Rico, there are now close to 20,000 cases. In my home State of Florida, there are now 904 cases—109 of them were locally transmitted, meaning they were not acquired abroad. They were acquired in the State. There are 91 pregnant women in the State of Florida infected by Zika. While Congress did nothing and while the President refused to fully spend the spending authority it had available to him for weeks, this crisis continued to grow. The health impact of it is well understood, but the economic impact has not been discussed nearly enough. We know for a fact that there are bookings that are down in Miami Beach. That is not just an inconven-ience. My parents worked in the hotel industry. That is how they raised our family—my father in particular. If ho-tels are suffering because people are canceling trips because they are afraid of Zika, it is the people that work at those hotels who are most immediately impacted. We have seen restaurants and small businesses associated with visitors re-port the same thing. Anecdotally, I have had people come up to me over the last month and say: Is it safe to travel to Florida? Is it safe to go down there? The answer is that it is. It is safe to come to Florida, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have a Zika problem. It doesn’t mean it doesn’t need to be ad-dressed. Local communities in the State of Florida and the island of Puer-to Rico—the territory, the Common-wealth—had to step forward and fund it on their own until now. While it is good news that we have fi-nally passed Zika funding in the Sen-ate, it now has to go to the House. I would urge my colleagues in the House to pass this quickly—not just to keep the government open but to finally fund the fight against Zika and to en-sure that the research that is going into the development of vaccine is not slowed down. There are other things we can do to address this. For example, I have pro-posed opening up the Small Business Administration loan program that is available for businesses that suffer the effects of natural disasters to also be able so that businesses may avail themselves of these loans if they are suffering because of a health epidemic. The SBA has indicated that they are open to that change, and I hope that is something we look at when we return in November. Suffice it to say that I want to close out here today by telling the people of Florida that, after a wait that took far too long, after months of hard work and focus and bipartisan cooperation, help is finally on the way. Help is fi-nally on the way in the form of $1.1 bil-lion, including $15 million for Florida and $60 million for the territory of Puerto Rico. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TAX AND HEALTH CARE POLICY Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, we are currently in the middle of an election year. Like most Americans, I look for-ward to the end of the political cam-paign season and the end of the rhet-oric, spin, and constant battle to win the latest news cycle. Don’t get me wrong, I am not saying this election is meaningless. In fact, there is quite a bit at stake this com-ing November. And the American peo-ple have some clear choices to make. Unfortunately, some of the more complex and consequential policy mat-ters are the ones that most frequently end up in the middle of the political echo chamber, surrounded by hyper-bolic rhetoric, empty promises, and overly simplistic answers to some very difficult questions. This includes, among many other areas, tax and health care policy, both of which fall largely under the jurisdic-tion of the Senate Finance Committee, which I chair. Let me be clear: I understand why both tax and health care policy are fer-tile grounds for political gamesman-ship. When we are talking about the Tax Code or our health care system, we are taking about issues that impact the lives and livelihoods of individuals, families, and businesses throughout our country. As a result, people are particularly sensitive to the notion that one party or candidate might raise their taxes or enact policies that will increase—or decrease—their health care costs. Politicians are usually more than willing to promise that, if elected, they will make sure that the people in cat-egory X will ‘‘finally pay their fair share in taxes,’’ while simultaneously promising that the intended audience will not see their taxes go up. Similarly, politicians are quite fond of telling people that their policies will bring down their health care costs—or even eliminate them altogether—while promising that the people in category X will be the ones to pay for it. I suppose the factor that most often separates these politicians from one another is whom they include in cat-egory X, whom they choose to slap with an unfavorable label so that their audience has no problem raising their taxes or making them foot the cost of an expanded health care system. This type of rhetoric—defining en-emies and promising to make them pay—may make for good politics, but it almost never results in favorable conditions for meaningful reforms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.112 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6203 September 28, 2016 
That is a big reason why, despite al-most universal dissatisfaction with the Tax Code, Members of Congress have for years now been unable to enact meaningful reforms. It is also a major reason why, even though the vast majority of Americans do not believe our current health care system works for them, many politi-cians refuse to even acknowledge that there is even a problem. Put simply, we need to do better. While I understand the importance of elections to our system, we should not let election-year rhetoric paint us into a corner when it is time to draft and enact policy. Case in point, for years now, the Obama administration has been ramping up its political rhetoric on corporate inversions, fully aware that the American people were rightly con-cerned about U.S. businesses moving their headquarters offshore. After years of attacking American businesses—and Republican politi-cians—for a supposed lack of ‘‘eco-nomic patriotism,’’ they finally had to translate their rhetoric into policy, which resulted in the recently proposed debt-equity regulations that have drawn criticism from observers and businesses throughout our economy and Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle for being too broad and too blind to ways in which businesses le-gitimately manage their finances. By all means, we should try to pre-vent inversions and go after earnings stripping, which is a closely related problem. I think most reasonable peo-ple want to do that. But the Obama ad-ministration’s proposed regulations go after many legitimate business trans-actions—transactions that are not at all motivated by tax avoidance. Put simply, these regulations will impose substantial burdens on busi-nesses throughout the country and will likely hamper our still fragile eco-nomic recovery. Despite the backlash that we have seen to the Treasury Department’s pro-posed regulations under section 385, they show no signs of backing down— and how could they? After years of de-monizing American companies and Re-publicans over inversions, how politi-cally advantageous would it have been to sit down with Members of Congress to craft more narrowly focused, reason-able solutions that would not grab as many headlines? Ultimately, the Obama administra-tion has determined that it is better— politically speaking—to, as the saying goes, go big or go home on its anti-in-version policies and hope that anyone from the opposing party who speaks out against them will be seen as soft on corporate inversions. And, when it comes to tax policy, it appears that the pattern will not be changing if we are faced with another Democratic administration after No-vember. The Democrats’ nominee for Presi-dent has been relatively short on de-tails when she talks about her tax pro-posals. For the most part, her cam-paign sticks to the tried and true Democratic tactic of promising every-thing from tax cuts to ‘‘free’’ college tuition, to child care for middle and lower-income workers, while simulta-neously claiming that all of it and more can be paid for simply by raising taxes on the rich and closing corporate tax ‘‘loopholes.’’ Just last month, a top advisor to the Democratic nominee said that she op-poses any reduction of the U.S. cor-porate tax rate, even though there is a broad consensus among both parties that our corporate tax rate is too high and needs to come down. I suspect that Secretary Clinton’s ad-visors share this belief behind closed doors, as it is, for the most part, con-ventional wisdom among tax policy ex-perts; yet, as they have in countless other situations, they have made a po-litical calculation that supporting a re-duction in corporate tax rates doesn’t play well with the Democratic base. Let’s set aside the fact that increas-ing the tax burden on American busi-nesses results in costs that are largely passed along to consumers, including lower and middle income earners. Let’s also set aside that their nomi-nee has expressed support for ideas like a carbon tax that would also result in higher costs of living for Americans across the board, particularly on the middle class and lower-income work-ers. And let’s also set aside the fact that she has endorsed taxes on goods like guns and soda, many of which would be predominantly imposed, not on the super wealthy, but the middle class and lower-income earners. If you ignore those statements on her part and focus on her plan, her tax and spending proposals have little basis in reality. Modest increases in the indi-vidual tax rates for the highest earners wouldn’t cover our current and pro-jected deficits, let alone pay for the massive spending increases she has pro-posed. Similarly, there aren’t enough corporate tax ‘‘loopholes’’ that could reasonably be eliminated to cover the costs of her campaign promises. We know this because we have gone through it with the current occupant of the White House. In every major budget dispute and many of the con-flicts surrounding the statutory debt limit, President Obama has repeatedly clamored for increased taxes on the so- called rich, often claiming that doing so would solve our budgetary problems. This is, of course, a facade that only serves a political agenda and it has per-meated beyond the election season and into discussions that are supposed to be about actually creating policy. As I mentioned earlier, this problem persists outside of the tax space. We also see it in our debate over health care policy. Here is the reality we are living in when it comes to health care: Costs are going up across the board as insurance premiums continue to skyrocket while the implementation of the President’s health law continues to be a disaster. Enrollment numbers in the Obamacare exchanges continue to fall well below the projections made by both the ad-ministration and the Congressional Budget Office, and the result is a steady decrease in options for patients and consumers and increased burdens on businesses and hardworking tax-payers. Even without the inherent systemic problems causing the downward spiral of the entire Obamacare system, the implementation of the law has been re-markably inept and unaccountable. For example, nearly two-thirds of the Obamacare CO-OPs have failed, costing taxpayers billions of dollars. In addition, the Government Ac-countability Office repeatedly reports that criminals and fraudsters are like-ly able to navigate the Obamacare ex-changes and even obtain tax subsidies due to the lack of proper safeguards in the system. Despite all of these failures, which highlight both the shortcomings of the law and the innate inability of govern-ment to regulate such a vast and com-plex marketplace, the Democrats still argue that more government is the an-swer. President Obama has repeatedly re-fused to acknowledge that the health law isn’t working, writing off unfavor-able data points as being anecdotal or irrelevant to the bigger picture. The Democrats’ nominee for Presi-dent takes it one step further, doubling down on the Obama administration’s position while promising even more government control of the health care system. She has outlined a number of ‘‘re-forms’’ she would like to add to the ‘‘progress we’ve made’’ under Obamacare. And, each of her proposals amounts to an expanded role for the Federal Government. Most notably, of course, she has res-urrected the so-called public option, by promising voters access to a govern-ment-run health care plan. She is not alone. An expanded role for the government in health care is what most Democrats openly say that they want. I am not making that up or casting unfounded aspersions. This isn’t para-noia on my part. My colleagues have purposefully chosen to make the cre-ation of a government-run health care plan a central tenet of their 2016 cam-paigns. Just a few weeks ago, the vast majority of the Senate Democratic caucus signed onto a resolution calling for a government-run health insurance option. It is almost as if the last 7 years didn’t happen. It is almost as if my colleagues haven’t seen the failures of the existing system and the overwhelming evidence of government ineptitude when it comes to health care. In their resolution, my colleagues are telling the American people that ex-panding the government’s role in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.058 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6204 September 28, 2016 
health care will ‘‘lead to increased competition and reduced premiums,’’ and ‘‘ensure that consumers have the affordable choices they deserve,’’ even though virtually everything about the Obamacare experience contradicts that conclusion. The inevitable result of the course my colleagues want to follow is a sin-gle-payer health care system, even if many of them won’t admit that is their long-term goal. I have noted several times that, in a world where the gov-ernment dictates both the products on the health insurance market and the prices at which they are sold, the even-tual result will be a market where the government is the only available pro-vider. From the time Obamacare was draft-ed, I have argued that Democrats in-tended to keep expanding the role of the government in the health care sec-tor until they could argue that, after a series of failures, the only option left is a nationalized, single-payer health care system. And my arguments have been called paranoid and inflammatory by pundits and politicians on the other side; yet, looking at this current campaign sea-son, it is not remotely a stretch to say that my colleagues support and eventu-ally intend to impose a health care sys-tem run entirely by the government. Whether we are talking about taxes or health care or anything else, the problem with this type of rhetoric and all of these campaign promises isn’t that my colleagues are simply wrong on the facts. The problem is that, when the rubber meets the proverbial road, these kinds of promises don’t lead to good results for the American people. And, here is why: While some unfor-tunately seem to live in a perpetual election cycle, once the votes are all counted, we have an obligation to actu-ally govern the country. I know that fact is sometimes lost on a number of people in this town, but it is the cold, honest truth. The purpose of elections is to eventually enact poli-cies that are preferred by the voters. Yet, in every election, candidates and Members of Congress spend months taking unreasonable positions and making outlandish promises because they play well with the voters. But, once the election is over, all of that rhetoric—the promises as well as the attacks—have to be translated into ac-tual policy. And, far too often, that process of translation leads either to gridlock when elected officials refuse to move off of their unreasonable cam-paign positions or to results that, in the eyes of many voters, appear wa-tered down in comparison to the prom-ises they heard in the middle of cam-paign. Is it any wonder, then, that the American people are, by and large, growing more distrustful of the govern-ment? Is it any wonder why the vast major-ity of Americans across the ideological spectrum have a negative view of Con-gress? As chairman of the Finance Com-mittee, I am well aware that I am going to be tasked with translating election-year rhetoric into workable policies. I am also aware that the poli-cies that fall within the Finance Com-mittee’s jurisdiction are often those where we hear some the most conten-tious rhetoric and unrealistic promises during each and every election cycle, which makes the job of crafting policy that much harder. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t doubt my own ability to reach policy solutions that can satisfy members of both par-ties, and, as chairman and previously as ranking member, I have worked very hard to do so. And, prior to that time, I had a great deal of success working through difficult policy matters with members in both parties to find the right answers to complex problems. I believe strongly that we can be suc-cessful in coming up with tax policies, health care policies, or any other poli-cies that serve the best interests of the American people. I simply do not be-lieve that election-year rhetoric and hyperbolic campaign promises are the right starting points for these efforts. Allow me to boil it down a little fur-ther and get more specific. I believe wholeheartedly that we can reform our broken Tax Code on a bipar-tisan basis, I just don’t think we can do it by starting with the notion that tax reform should be about raising revenue for increased spending and punishing disfavored income groups, unpopular industries, or savvy investors. I also believe we can find a bipartisan way to fix our ailing health care sys-tem. But I simply don’t believe that it can be done if we are focusing on ex-panding government in order to keep campaign promises to create a govern-ment-run health plan. I look forward to tackling these issues with my colleagues and to reach-ing across the aisle to find the right answers. In my view, that will be much easier to accomplish if my friends on the other side of the aisle will eventu-ally be willing to set aside the rhetoric they have employed during the cam-paign to appease their base. I am willing to work with anyone to address these and other issues. We’re just going to have to find a way to cut to through the politics and partisan-ship that all too often slows us down. 
f 
JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM BILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I re-luctantly voted to sustain President Obama’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, JASTA. It is essential that we honor families of the 9/11 victims. I am supportive of their efforts to pursue justice and hold accountable foreign powers that sup-port terrorism in the United States. However, I am concerned that JASTA erodes longstanding international im-munity protections that are essential to the security of the United States. As President Obama explained in a letter to me, ‘‘Enacting JASTA into law . . . would neither protect America from terrorist attacks nor improve the effectiveness of our response to such attacks. . . . JASTA sweeps much more broadly than 9/11 or Saudi Arabia, and its far-reaching implications would threaten to undermine important prin-ciples that protect the United States, including our U.S. Armed Forces and other officials overseas, without mak-ing us any safer.’’ In its current form, JASTA under-mines the principle of sovereign immu-nity in U.S. courts, which could have significant reciprocal ramifications. If JASTA becomes law, other countries will likely follow suit and enact laws that threaten U.S. interests and jeop-ardize the United States’ ability to op-erate internationally. As Secretary of Defense Ash Carter noted, ‘‘[JASTA] is likely to increase our country’s vulner-ability to lawsuits overseas and to en-courage foreign governments or their courts to exercise jurisdiction over the United States or U.S. officials in situa-tions in which we believe the United States is entitled of sovereign immu-nity. U.S. Servicemembers stationed here and overseas, and especially those supporting our counterterrorism ef-forts, would be vulnerable to private individuals’ accusations that their ac-tivities contributed to acts alleged to violate a foreign state’s law.’’ As the Senate Democratic leader, I feel an obligation to support my Presi-dent. Although I am voting to sustain the President’s veto, I would be sup-portive of follow-on efforts to modify the JASTA bill in a way that would allow victims to secure justice while protecting core U.S. interests. f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION MR. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to talk about the continuing resolution passed by the Senate earlier today. This bipartisan agreement is the result of weeks of ne-gotiations between Democrats and Re-publicans in both the House and Sen-ate. It funds the Federal Government through December 9 at fiscal year 2016 levels and provides much-needed fund-ing to fight the ongoing Zika public health emergency. We also now have an agreement on a path forward to finally address the public health crisis in Flint, MI. Funding the government through a stop-gap measure like this is not ideal, but it provides Congress additional time to negotiate a larger funding agreement to fund the Federal Govern-ment through the end of the 2017 fiscal year. Included in this agreement is $1.1 bil-lion in emergency funding to help States and our Federal health agencies properly respond to the Zika epidemic. As of last week, there were more than 23,000 reported cases of Zika in the United States and its territories, in-cluding more than 2,000 pregnant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.059 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6205 September 28, 2016 
women who have been infected. This money will be used for vaccine develop-ment, mosquito control, and the deliv-ery of much needed health care. While I am glad Congress will finally provide these much-needed funds, Con-gress should have provided this funding sooner. It has been 7 months since the President requested emergency funding to address Zika and 4 months after the Senate passed a bipartisan bill to pro-vide Zika funding. But it has taken this long for Repub-licans to finally agree to drop their outrageous demands to attach partisan poison pills to this vital public health funding. The agreement does not in-clude controversial policy riders to overturn provisions of the Clean Water Act, nor does it block money from going to Planned Parenthood health centers that so many women rely on to access health care. We have also reached a bipartisan agreement on providing funding to ad-dress the crisis in Flint, MI. The people of Flint have waited 1 year—far too long—for Congress to do our job and address the public health emergency that has poisoned 9,000 children and left 100,000 residents without access to clean and safe water. Instead of turn-ing on the tap to make breakfast or take a shower, Flint residents start their day by waiting in long lines for bottled water to feed and bathe their children, take showers, and stay healthy. The House has moved to in-clude funding for Flint in their Water Resources and Development bill, and I am hopeful that a final agreement on assistance for Flint will be reached in the coming months. I also hope the final agreement will include funding for other communities, like those in my home State of Illinois, facing lead contaminated water issues. While this continuing resolution is a promising, bipartisan step forward, I am concerned about a provision that limits the Security and Exchange Com-mission’s ability to finalize, issue, or implement a corporate political spend-ing disclosure rule. In 2010, the Su-preme Court issued a far-reaching deci-sion in Citizens United v. Federal Elec-tion Commission. On a divided 5–4 vote, the Court struck down years of prece-dent and held that the First Amend-ment permitted corporations to spend freely from their treasuries to influ-ence elections. As a result of Citizens United and a series of decisions that followed in its wake, special interests and wealthy, well-connected campaign donors have so far poured more than $2 billion of outside spending into recent Federal elections, including 2016 races. In the years since Citizens United, sev-eral of my colleagues and I have called for the SEC to initiate a rulemaking requiring public companies to disclose their political spending to share-holders. More than 1.2 million securi-ties experts, institutional and indi-vidual investors, and members of the public have asked the SEC for a disclo-sure rule. Such a rulemaking would bring much-needed transparency to the U.S. political process. Shareholders de-serve to know when outside spending in political campaigns comes from the coffers of a company they have in-vested in. Unfortunately, last year, this provi-sion limiting the SEC’s rulemaking au-thority was slipped into the omnibus appropriations bill, which we had to pass in order to fund the government for the 2016 fiscal year. And I am dis-appointed that under this continuing resolution, this rider will continue to strangle the SEC’s authority. I will work with my colleagues to strike this problematic rider in future legislation. I am also disappointed that the con-tinuing resolution fails to address on-going issues with the Export-Import Bank. Last fall, a bipartisan majority of the House and Senate joined to-gether to end a 5-month shutdown of the Export-Import Bank. Despite the end of the shutdown, the Bank remains unable to function because the board lacks the quorum necessary to approve financing deals of more than $10 mil-lion. This not only harms large manu-facturers and their employees, it also has a negative impact on thousands of small businesses that are suppliers and subcontractors and the hard-working men and women they employ. The President has nominated two qualified candidates, including a Republican, to serve on the board, but those nomina-tions are being held hostage by the Chairman of the Senate Banking Com-mittee. That is why I have supported language to deem the existing board as having the quorum needed to do its work until these nominations can be considered—a move that is not unprec-edented. It is my hope that we will con-tinue to work together to restore the Bank’s operating board quorum so that we can prevent further disruption to the economic security of American workers. I am proud that bipartisan coopera-tion resulted in today’s continuing res-olution to keep the federal government open and operating through December 9, but our work here in Congress is hardly done. I will continue to work with colleagues over the months ahead to reach a bipartisan agreement on how we will fund the federal govern-ment for the year to come and finally provide funding to address the public health crisis in Flint. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ILLI-NOIS ASSOCIATION OF CHIEFS OF POLICE Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this year marks the 75th anniversary of the establishment of the Illinois Associa-tion of Chiefs of Police, and I wish to commend the association for its seven- and-a-half decades of dedicated service to the people of Illinois. Since its creation in 1941, the asso-ciation has worked to elevate the training and professional development of law enforcement leadership through-out the State, including working to es-tablish the Police Training Institute at the University of Illinois. The associa-tion makes sure that police chiefs have the information and training they need to engage in effective community po-licing. From its headquarters on Fifth Street in Springfield, the association’s influence has spread across the Nation and the world, with seven members of the association having served as the president of the International Associa-tion of Chiefs of Police. Throughout its history, the associa-tion has worked to earn and maintain the respect of the people the associa-tion’s members serve. The association has been guided by its values of com-passion, integrity, accountability, fair-ness, professionalism, innovation, con-tinuous improvement, diversity and in-clusion. Not only has the association represented the voices of Illinois’ law enforcement leaders as they work to protect the community, but the asso-ciation also has given back to the com-munity through its longstanding sup-port of the Special Olympics and other charitable causes. As the association comes together on October 1, 2016, to celebrate its 75th an-niversary, I want to recognize and honor the Illinois Association of Chiefs Of Police, its more than 1,200 members from nearly 500 agencies across Illinois, its staff, and its board of officers: President Chief Steven Casstevens of the Buffalo Grove Police Department, First Vice President Chief James Kruger of the Oak Brook Police De-partment, Second Vice President Chief Brian Fengel of the Bartonville Police Department, Third Vice President Chief Steven Stelter of the Westchester Police Department, Fourth Vice Presi-dent Chief James Black of the Crystal Lake Police Department, Immediate Past President Chief Frank Kaminski of the Park Ridge Police Department, and Parliamentarian Chief Russell Laine of the Fox Lake Police Depart-ment. Our men and women in law enforce-ment put their lives on the line every day to help protect and serve our com-munities. For the past 75 years, the Il-linois Association of Chiefs of Police has been there to help support and guide Illinois’ police chiefs and their departments every step of the way. I am grateful to the association for its steadfast service to our State, and I commend and honor the association on the occasion of its 75th anniversary. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CREATING ENTRE-PRENEURIAL OPPORTUNITIES PROGRAM Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Creating Entre-preneurial Opportunities, CEO, pro-gram, a yearlong class that creates a real-world learning environment for high school students across Illinois. The CEO program was started by au-thor Jack Schultz, Craig Lindvahl, and other community leaders to change the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.054 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6206 September 28, 2016 
way America’s youth approach prob-lems and give them more control over their futures. The mission of the CEO program is ‘‘to prepare youths to be re-sponsible, enterprising individuals who become entrepreneurs and contribute to the economic development and sus-tainability of their community.’’ Throughout this program, partici-pants visit 30 to 50 community busi-nesses during the school year. They learn how to start their own businesses from actual CEOs of local, national, and international companies. They also develop important life skills: critical thinking, problem solving, teamwork, and communication. Through this pro-gram, students gain a new sense of self- confidence to become future business leaders. The success of the CEO program would not be possible without Craig Lindvahl, the executive director of the Midland Institute for Entrepreneurship in Effingham, IL. Every day he works to empower students through the CEO program. Craig, who is a nationally recognized teacher and filmmaker, has spent the last 5 years teaching the CEO program and bringing together busi-ness people, community leaders, and students from high schools across Illi-nois. The program has also expanded into Minnesota and Indiana. Under Craig’s leadership, the CEO program is helping build a strong foun-dation for our students, which will have a lasting effect on their futures. Our Nation’s economy is evolving at a rapid rate, and in order to meet labor demands and foster innovation, we need mentors like Craig and programs like CEO to help prepare our students with the necessary skills to be com-petitive and successful. I had a chance to see this for myself when I visited the Williamson and Jackson Counties CEO classes in May and watched students present their final projects. It is with great pride that today I recognize the Creating Entrepreneurial Opportunities program for the trans-formative education they are providing the next generation of entrepreneurs and community leaders. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID YEPSEN Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to take a few moments to acknowledge David Yepsen, director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at Southern Illinois University, SIU. Ear-lier this year, David announced that he would be retiring in late October. Prior to joining the Paul Simon Pub-lic Policy Institute at SIU, David was a political writer, editor, and columnist. He spent over three decades at the Des Moines Register. If you have a passion for covering politics, like David Yepsen does, there is no better place to be. Every 4 years, the political class de-scends on Iowa, and no one takes this more seriously than Iowans. Iowans and politicos fill churches, community centers, schools, libraries, and homes on cold winter nights to talk politics with friends and neighbors. At the cen-ter of this political three-ring circus is the Des Moines Register, and for nine Presidential campaign cycles, that meant David Yepsen. It should come as no surprise that David has had a lifelong interest in pol-itics. In high school, he was elected student body president, governor of the Iowa American Legion’s Boys’ State program, and U.S. senator in the group’s Boys Nation program. David Yepsen is ‘‘Mr. Iowa.’’ Born in Jefferson, IA, David graduated from the University of Iowa, studied jour-nalism and mass communications at Iowa State University, and earned a masters in public administration from Drake University in Des Moines. In 1977, David became a Statehouse re-porter for the Des Moines Register. And in 1983, he got his big break be-coming the Des Moines Register’s chief political reporter. He was later named political editor and, in 2000, was pro-moted to full-time political columnist. In 1997, after retiring from the U.S. Senate, Paul Simon established a pub-lic policy institute at Southern Illinois University. When it first opened, the institute was considered a think tank by many, but not by Paul Simon. He called it a ‘‘do tank.’’ In 2009, David Yepsen became director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute, and under his leadership, it was exactly that. Throughout the years, he has or-ganized countless events—including a ‘‘pizza and politics’’ program—encour-aging students on campus to get in-volved in politics and government. David never lost sight of Paul Simon’s vision and always searched for ways the institute could educate the public and even influence Washington, DC. He was always looking for opportunities to take the institute to the next level. Although Senator Paul Simon never saw David Yepsen lead his institute, it was clear what he thought of him and the job he would do. In 1988, when Sen-ator Simon ran for the Democratic nomination to be President of the United States, he praised David’s ob-jectivity. He said: ‘‘Every four years the chief political reporter for the Des Moines Register becomes the most im-portant reporter in the nation. It is a position that could cause vanity and abuse. To his credit, David Yepsen han-dled this position with sensitivity and balance. And he worked hard.’’ That is high praise, but well deserved. Some of the best advice I have re-ceived is from Senator Paul Simon. He used to say that ‘‘when people disagree with my vote I want them to say that it’s because I’m ignorant or stupid, not because I’m greedy or making money.’’ With his credentials and years at the Des Moines Register, David had plenty of opportunities to cash in on his suc-cess and make money, but instead, he chose to take a job as director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at SIU in Carbondale, IL. Paul Simon would have been proud. I want to congratulate David Yepsen on his distinguished career and thank him for continuing the outstanding work started by Senator Paul Simon at Southern Illinois University. I espe-cially want to thank David’s wife, Dr. Mary Stuart, and daughter Elizabeth for sharing so much of their husband and father with the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at SIU. I wish him and his family all the best. f 
NOMINATION OF JEFFREY D
ELAURENTIS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, yester-day President Obama nominated Jef-frey DeLaurentis to be U.S. Ambas-sador to Cuba. If confirmed, Mr. DeLaurentis would be the first U.S. Ambassador in Havana in more than half a century. I have known Jeff DeLaurentis since he became the U.S. chief of mission in Havana, and he is the obvious choice to be ambassador. He is a career diplomat who is universally respected by his peers and by Democrats and Repub-licans in Congress for his intellect, his integrity, and his thoughtfulness. The decision to resume diplomatic relations with Cuba has been widely supported, and the number of Ameri-cans traveling to Cuba is increasing dramatically. We need an ambassador who knows Cuba, who is respected by the Cuban Government, and who will stand up for U.S. interests and values. Jeff DeLaurentis is that person. The Cuban people have their ambassador in Washington. The American people need their ambassador in Havana. Not surprisingly, one Senator who has opposed the resumption of diplo-matic relations with Cuba criticized the nomination of Mr. DeLaurentis. While he did not challenge Mr. DeLaurentis’s qualifications for the job, since he is obviously exceptionally well qualified, the Senator instead said ‘‘rewarding the Castro government with a U.S. ambassador is another last- ditch legacy project for the president that needs to be stopped.’’ He said the nomination ‘‘should go nowhere until the Castro regime makes significant and irreversible progress in the areas of human rights and political freedom for the Cuban people.’’ He was joined in his opposition to Mr. DeLaurentis’s nomi-nation by another Senator. Having been to Cuba many times where I have met with Cuban Govern-ment officials, as well as with critics of the government, including some who have been persecuted and imprisoned, no one is a stronger defender of human rights there than I am. Like President Obama, we all want the Cuban people to be able to express themselves freely and to choose their own leaders in a free and fair election. For 50 years, we have tried the isola-tionist approach advocated by a dwin-dling minority of Members of Congress, and it has failed miserably. The Cas-tros are still in power, and Cuba is still a country where political dissent is not tolerated. No one who knows Cuba expected the resumption of diplomatic relations to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.094 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6207 September 28, 2016 
quickly result in an end to repression or free elections. But I am confident that, in a lot less than 50 years, the Cuban people will have a lot more free-dom than they have had for the past 50 years. Consider for a moment what it would mean if we did what these Senators ad-vocate. Not only would we have no am-bassador in Cuba, to be consistent, we would have no ambassador in China, Vietnam, Russia, South Sudan, Egypt, Ethiopia, or in any number of other countries where human rights are rou-tinely violated, where political oppo-nents, journalists, and human rights defenders are imprisoned and tortured, where there is no such thing as a fair trial, where civil society organizations are threatened and harassed, and where dissent is severely punished. Is that what the Senators want, or are they just concerned about human rights in Cuba? Their argument is as il-logical as it is inconsistent. The purpose of an ambassador is to represent the interests of the U.S. Gov-ernment and the American people. Ap-pointing a U.S. Ambassador is not a re-ward to a foreign government, any more than their ambassadors are a re-ward to our government. Do the Sen-ators think that our ambassador in Russia is a reward to President Putin, or that having an ambassador in Mos-cow somehow conveys that we agree with President Putin’s corrupt, repres-sive policies? Does anyone think that Russia’s ambassador is somehow a re-ward to the Obama administration? Or that our ambassador in Vietnam legiti-mizes the repressive policies of that government? Does anyone think that the Cuban Government regards its am-bassador here as a reward to us? Let’s be sensible. The United States has interests in every country, even if it is just to stand up for the rights of Americans who travel, study, or work overseas. But there are many other reasons like promoting trade and in-vestment, protecting national security and public health, and supporting edu-cational and cultural exchange. We could do as these Senators urge and downgrade our diplomatic presence and withdraw our ambassadors from every country where there is a repres-sive government. That, of course, would mean that our lower-ranking diplomats would be relegated to meet-ing with foreign officials of lesser rank than ambassador. And, of course, those governments, like Cuba, they would still have their ambassadors in Washington, with ac-cess to officials of comparable rank in our government. Would that help us advocate for U.S. interests, for U.S. values, for the American people? We either believe in diplomacy or we don’t. We either empower our dip-lomats or we don’t. The Cubans, after a year of difficult negotiations, agreed to reopen embassies. Now, with their am-bassador here conducting business, we are somehow better off without an am-bassador there? Of course not. I understand that this is an emo-tional issue for some Cuban-American families. But after 55 years, Cuban- Americans overwhelmingly support the new policy of engagement. They want the U.S. to have an ambassador in Ha-vana. There is a time for family politics, and there is time for what is in the in-terest of the nation as a whole. Ambas-sadors serve the national interest, and that is what Jeff DeLauentis would do, and he would do so as a career dip-lomat with years of experience. Finally, I want to quote from Alan Gross, who as we all know, spent 5 long years in a Cuban prison. This is what Mr. Gross said about Mr. DeLaurentis’s nomination: ‘‘I advocate for the ap-pointment of a U.S. Ambassador to Cuba and I have a very high regard for Ambassador Jeff DeLaurentis. Had there been diplomatic relations be-tween the U.S. and Cuba in December 2008, a U.S. Ambassador could have pre-vented the loss of five years of my life. Any one in Congress who opposes this nomination goes against the best inter-ests of the United States.’’ We should listen to Alan Gross. He suffered in Cuba, as do thousands of Americans imprisoned overseas. They depend on our ambassadors to assist and advocate for them, just as we would if it were a member of our fami-lies. I urge these Senators to put what is in the interests of the American people over their personal interests and to not obstruct the confirmation of Jeff DeLaurentis, a superbly qualified nominee, from becoming ambassador to Cuba. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GENERAL GORDON SULLIVAN Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, earlier this summer, GEN Gordon Sullivan, a man who has dedicated his life to car-ing for and developing world-class lead-ers, retired from his role as chairman of the Norwich University Board of Trustees, a position he held for 13 years. At the same time, he retired from his role as president of the Asso-ciation of the United States Army, a post he held for 18 years. General Sullivan’s lifetime of service began in 1959, when he earned his de-gree in political science from Norwich University and assumed a commission in the Army as a second lieutenant of armor. Like so many from this pres-tigious Vermont institution, he went on to excel among his peers. He com-pleted two distinguished tours in Viet-nam, earning the Purple Heart. Gen-eral Sullivan could have justifiably concluded his military service then, and his contributions to that point would have been impressive, but he continued to serve, and in clear rec-ognition of his tireless devotion to sol-diers, he was eventually appointed as the Army’s top officer. As the 32nd Army Chief of Staff, Gen-eral Sullivan directed a post-Cold War downsizing that spanned the adminis-trations of two U.S. Presidents. These transitional years saw unprecedented reorganization within the Department, occurring amid ongoing, complex glob-al peacekeeping operations. By con-tinuing to prioritize the men and women he was tasked with leading, General Sullivan navigated this crit-ical era with a skill and tact that few can match. In 1995, he retired from the Army to begin a new chapter. In 1998, General Sullivan began his tenure as president of the Association of the United States Army, AUSA, the Nation’s largest Army-oriented, non-profit organization. As president of the association, he was known for focusing efforts on improving conditions for sol-diers and their families. General Sul-livan served as head of AUSA while maintaining close ties to Norwich Uni-versity, and that connection was fur-ther solidified in 2003 when he became chairman of the Norwich University Board of Trustees. As chairman of the board, he directed and supervised countless improvements to the university, while always adher-ing to Norwich’s core values. During his 13 years leading the board, General Sullivan assisted with the meticulous design of the school’s 2019 plan. His in-fluence helped bring about some of the most significant improvements in Nor-wich’s history, including the expansion of student housing, academic re-sources, and athletic facilities. Perhaps most notably, he played an integral role in building the school’s reputation as an internationally known center for education in cyber security. Like Nor-wich’s founder, Captain Alden Par-tridge, General Sullivan has contrib-uted to Vermont and our Nation’s aca-demic prosperity in so many ways. I would like to recognize GEN Gor-don Sullivan for his contributions to Norwich University, the Army, and the Nation as a whole. It gives me great pride to know that General Sullivan benefited so strongly from a Vermont- based education, and I know that our State has benefited from a longtime re-lationship with him. I am confident that General Sullivan’s contributions will continue, and I wish him well as he further expands his already proud and accomplished legacy. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, today we have made great progress in protecting whistleblowers and veterans at Vet-erans Affairs hospitals across the coun-ty by passing the fiscal year 2017 Mili-tary Construction—Veterans Affairs Appropriations Conference Agreement, which includes S. 2291, VA Patient Pro-tection Act. This bill provides protec-tion for the protectors of our veterans, the whistleblowers, who are shedding light on the egregious acts of some em-ployees at VA hospitals across the country. Unfortunately, one of those hospitals is the Edwards Hines Jr. Vet-erans Affairs Medical Center in my State of Illinois. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.072 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6208 September 28, 2016 
Today I sent a letter to Veterans Af-fairs Secretary Robert McDonald re-garding the most recent injustice un-covered by whistleblowers at the Hines VA. Whistleblowers brought to my atten-tion that the remains of indigent vet-erans and those without next of kin are often left in the Hines VA morgue for over a month, sometimes longer, with-out proper postmortem care. The whis-tleblowers, who wish to remain anony-mous for fear of retaliation and losing their jobs, brought forward informa-tion identifying Mr. Christopher Wirtjes, chief, patient administrative services at Hines VA, as the person re-sponsible for this blatant disregard of a veteran’s right for a timely and dig-nified burial. I have asked the Sec-retary to fire Mr. Wirtjes for failure to perform his duties. In addition to this latest trespass against veterans at Hines VA, Mr. Wirtjes was the only manager identified in the VA’s own in-spector general investigation as the mastermind behind directing staff to manipulate wait times for appoint-ments at Hines VA. Whistleblowers provide an important service of reporting waste, fraud, and abuse of veterans care. In fact, whistle-blower disclosures play a pivotal role in promoting accountability and better health care for veterans at the VA. However, whistleblowers at Hines VA tell me retaliation continues despite the whistleblower protections in place. This is why I am pleased the con-tinuing resolution that passed the Sen-ate today overwhelmingly includes my bipartisan VA Patient Protection Act, which increases penalties for those who retaliate against whistleblowers, cre-ates a formal process for whistle-blowers to file claims at the VA, and establishes a central whistleblower of-fice to investigate all whistleblower claims. Just as no servicemember is left be-hind on the battlefield, no veteran should ever be left in a morgue or placed on a secret wait list for health care appointments. I thank the brave whistleblowers who come forward to protect our veterans. I also reiterate to Secretary McDonald, do the right thing and fire Mr. Wirtjes now. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have my letters dated Sep-tember 1, 2016, and September 28, 2016, printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , Washington, DC, September 1, 2016. Hon. R
OBERT A. M CDONALD , Department of Veterans Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR SECRETARY MCDONALD : It has been brought to my attention by a whistleblower that the Edward Hines, Jr. Veterans Affairs Hospital has failed to treat the remains of unclaimed and indigent veterans with dig-nity and ensured burial within a reasonable amount of time. Specifically, whistleblowers report there are currently two veterans who have been left in the Hines morgue for over a month. The graphic details of what hap-pens to these remains without timely post mortem care is sickening and shameful. Your support to uncover the truth and pro-tection for the employees who came forward on behalf of veterans is imperative. The Veterans Health Administration Hand-book 1601B.04 states that ‘‘if a Veteran dies . . . at a VA facility under authorized admis-sion . . . and the Veteran’s remains are un-claimed, the facility Director will request fu-neral and burial services to be procured through a contract.’’ I am asking, on behalf of all veterans at Hines VA, if a service contract with an es-tablished funeral home or two would allow for the timely transport of unclaimed or in-digent veterans’ remains to be prepared for burial and laid to rest. Whistleblowers also suggest the service relationships between Hines VA and some local funeral homes no longer exist because of the health risk posed by the extreme decomposition of remains after being stored for so long without post mortem care. Finally, I would like information on the federal funds made available by the annual Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill for the seamless transfer of unclaimed or indigent veterans’ remains to local funeral homes. Ignoring the law or misusing funds is a clear disregard to the VA’s standard operation procedure and pos-sibly illegal. Every hero who serves in our U.S. Armed Forces deserves a dignified final farewell from a grateful nation. To learn these vet-erans remains have been sitting in the morgue for over a month, sometimes longer, without proper post mortem care, is unac-ceptable and unjustifiable. Just as no servicemember is ever left be-hind on the battlefield, no veteran should ever be left behind in morgue. Therefore I ask for your immediate atten-tion to correct this disgrace, demand that the two veterans who are currently in the morgue promptly receive a proper and re-spectful burial, and take appropriate dis-ciplinary action against the person or per-sons responsible for letting this happen. I also ask that you launch a review of VA hos-pitals across the country to ensure that this mistreatment of our heroes’ remains is not happening elsewhere. Thank you for your immediate attention to this matter. I look forward to hearing from you. Sincerely, MARKKIRK, U.S. Senator. 
U.S. S ENATE , Washington, DC, September 28, 2016. Hon. R
OBERT A. M CDONALD , Department of Veterans Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY MCDONALD : As follow up to our phone conversation last week, I write to reiterate that you should use your ability as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ter-minate Mr. Christopher Wirtjes from his post at Edward Hines Jr. VA Hospital in Hines, Il-linois. As I wrote to you on September 1, 2016, whistleblowers came to me last month re-porting that the remains of indigent vet-erans, or those without next of kin, were left in the Hines VA morgue for inappropriate amounts of time following their death. At times, the remains of these veterans were left to badly decompose in the Hines morgue for upwards of 30 plus days before being prop-erly released to a local funeral home for a dignified burial or cremation. At the time of my letter, the remains of two veterans had sat in the Hines VA morgue without any post mortem care for over 45 days. This is unac-ceptable. These whistleblowers, who wish to remain anonymous for fear of retaliation and losing their jobs, brought forward information iden-tifying Mr. Wirtjes, Chief, Patient Adminis-trative Services (PAS), as the person respon-sible for this unacceptable situation. Mr. Wirtjes, according to whistleblowers, fails to do his duty of ensuring timely and respectful burials for our indigent veterans, and vet-erans without next of kin. Emails provided to my office show efforts by VA staff to get proper and timely approval of paperwork failed, despite available funds and an inter-nal operating procedure to procure payment that is known and should be in place. The whistleblowers also state Mr. Wirtjes does not have a contract with an established fu-neral home to transport the unclaimed re-mains to be prepared for burial, per normal operating procedure. I find this behavior unacceptable and an-other exhausting example of a culture of malfeasance and corruption at Hines. This is not the first time Mr. Wirtjes has failed to perform his duties. The Office of Special Counsel’s letter to the President from February 25, 2016 specifically named him as the manager who directed staff to manipulate patient appointments, directed staff to zero out patient wait times and di-rected the use of a separate Excel spread-sheet to track appointments. This resulted in a false appearance of acceptable wait times and masked significant delays in vet-erans’ access to care. Specifically, the Office of Special Counsel Analysis titled OSC File No. DI–14–2762 (Hines VA Hospital, Chicago, Illinois) re-garding the VA’s Office of Inspector General (OIG) investigations on manipulated wait times raised by whistleblowers states that the VA ‘‘OIG found only one manager, pa-tient administrative services (PAS) chief Christopher Wirtjes, responsible for imple-menting these improper practices.’’ As a result, Mr. Wirtjes was merely given a 14-day administrative leave for his role in the scheduling manipulations. To add insult to injury, whistleblowers have informed my office that Mr. Wirtjes responded to this pun-ishment by taking an additional 2-week va-cation and upon his return continuously bragged about his VA commissioned ‘‘vaca-tion.’’ The OSC analysis also stated that the OIG investigation confirmed that a senior man-ager instructed schedulers to manipulate scheduling data to hide the actual wait times experienced by veterans, however it provided no information on how the manipu-lations impacted veterans, and failed to pro-vide corrective action. Is Mr. Wirtjes con-tinuing to direct schedulers to manipulate wait times for care at Hines VA? While manipulating the wait time for sev-eral departments according to the VA’s own OIG investigation is unspeakable, continuing to leave in place a corrupt and inept chain of command to continue to harm our veterans, like leaving our unclaimed and indigent vet-erans in the morgue, is unforgivable. I find it irresponsible that the VA has left the one manager finger pointed as the mastermind of the manipulated scheduling practices in a position to continue overseeing scheduling, patient administration, health information management and decedent affairs. Mr. Wirtjes must be held accountable now. Otherwise the corrupt culture of the VA will be justified and encouraged. You have the ability to fire VA employees for misconduct. Congress gave you that power in Public Law 113–146. If manipulating scheduling wait times putting veterans’ health at risk and failing to allow the burial of unclaimed veterans’ remains is not mis-conduct, then I ask you what is. If you can-not make this happen within the next 30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.066 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6209 September 28, 2016 
days then I would like an explanation to Congress and 700,000 Illinois veterans. America was built on the sacrifices of our service members. And as a grateful nation, we are indebted to our veterans who unself-ishly served to fight for the freedoms we enjoy. No veteran who has served should be left for weeks without a proper and dignified burial. Sincerely, M
ARKKIRK, U.S. Senate. f 
THE ADVANCING HOPE ACT Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to speak about S. 1878, the Ad-vancing Hope Act. This is a bill I intro-duced with the support of my Repub-lican cosponsor, Senator J
OHNNY ISAK-
SON. This is a bipartisan bill that brings hope to some of our most vul-nerable citizens: children living with rare diseases. Despite significant unmet medical need, private companies seldom pursue new therapies for rare diseases because it requires making an investment in products that will likely not recoup the high costs associated with their re-search, development, marketing, and distribution. Developing products for children is particularly challenging be-cause of the difficulties associated with conducting clinical trials in this popu-lation. So, several years ago, former Senator Brownback authored the Creating Hope Act with Senator S
HERROD BROWN . In 2011, I became the Senate leader on this bill, which provided an incentive for drug developers to pursue therapies for rare pediatric diseases. The goal was to bring hope to the millions of American children living with a rare disease. Provisions based on the Creating Hope Act were included in the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, which became law in 2012. The new FDA program established three ‘‘priority review vouchers’’ that would be awarded to companies who de-velop a new drug for a rare pediatric disease. A company that earns a vouch-er can then sell it to another company, which can use the voucher to speed up the FDA’s review time for one of its own new drugs. Companies that earn and then sell their vouchers can use that money to fund additional drug de-velopment to treat rare pediatric dis-eases. So far, seven vouchers have been awarded, including on the 19th of this month. However, the pediatric priority re-view program is due to expire on Sep-tember 30, just days away. In fact, it would have expired in March of this year, but Congress passed an extension through the end of fiscal year 2016 as the House and Senate worked on legis-lation to extend and improve the pro-gram. In July of 2015, I introduced S. 1878, the Advancing Hope Act, with Senator I
SAKSON , to extend the pedi-atric priority review program. We had extensive consideration of the bill in the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, which voted fa-vorably on the Advancing Hope Act in April 2016. Thanks to an agreement we reached here in the Senate on Sep-tember 21, we were able to pass S. 1878 with an extension of the program through the end of this year, which in-cluded important policy changes to the program. I would like to thank my col-leagues for working with me on this agreement. I hope that we will be able to come to further agreement later this year for a longer extension to the pro-gram. The pediatric priority review pro-gram is important for families, and a longer extension is warranted. If this program is allowed to lapse, Congress will have broken faith with these chil-dren with rare diseases. Last year, I went to the Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh and met with the Rinaldi family. I met Jennie Rinaldi and her daughter Adelyn, who was receiving treatment at the hos-pital. Adelyn was born with congenital hypophosphatasia, an extremely rare bone disorder. There are only a handful of children in the world with this dis-ease. At the time, Adelyn was receiving an experimental therapy for her condi-tion. That drug, Strensiq, was later ap-proved by the FDA in October 2015, and the drug sponsor received a priority re-view voucher. Strensiq is the first drug to treat hypophosphatasia. There are no other options. It is now available commercially, and Adelyn continues to receive treatment. Just imagine for a moment the un-certainty that families like the Rinaldis live with every day. We owe it to these families to give them the peace of mind in knowing that this im-portant incentive for drug development will continue. We cannot let this pro-gram expire. I am pleased that the House passed S. 1878 yesterday, and I hope that we can continue to work in good faith on a longer-term extension before the end of the year. We need to provide certainty for drug developers so that they can count on this incentive when deciding to invest the time and money into drugs for rare pediatric diseases. We need to provide hope for the other children like Adelyn. On behalf of these children, we must incentivize companies to take on the challenges of developing new treat-ments for rare pediatric diseases. f 
LYME AND TICK-BORNE DISEASE PREVENTION, EDUCATION, AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2015 Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to speak on the importance of passing legislation to address a serious issue that impacts New Hampshire, New England, and the rest of the coun-try each year, the issue of Lyme and other tick-borne diseases. This fall, as the leaves begin to turn and temperatures start to drop, mil-lions of Americans will head outdoors to hike and otherwise experience the beauty of nature. In my home State of New Hampshire, hiking is one of the State’s most popular recreational ac-tivities. New Hampshire is also among the 14 States through which the Appa-lachian Trail runs. Stretching from Georgia to Maine, the Appalachian Trail spans nearly 2,190 miles, and is hiked annually by 2 to 3 million people. While our attention in the Northeast usually turns to the dangers of ticks in the spring and summer months, adult blacklegged ticks, also known as deer ticks, are still active in the fall. Ap-proximately half of these deer ticks carry Lyme disease, and they have played a leading role in our Nation’s dramatic rise in tick-borne diseases. While approximately 30,000 cases of Lyme disease are reported annually by State health departments, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC, the actual number of cases each year is about 300,000, mak-ing Lyme disease the most commonly reported vector-borne illness in the country. Underscoring that Lyme is no longer simply a regional problem, the CDC reports that the species of ticks that spread Lyme disease now live in 46 percent of the Nation’s counties. That is why I am continuing to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the bipartisan Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Prevention, Education, and Re-search Act, S. 1503. Working with Sen-ator Blumenthal, I coauthored and in-troduced this legislation which is de-signed to better coordinate the Federal Government’s response to Lyme and other tick-borne diseases by creating an advisory committee within the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices HHS. The committee established under our bill would be tasked with identifying best practices to combat tick-borne diseases and would be com-prised of patients, advocates, research-ers, medical professionals, and govern-ment officials. Our legislation would also require the HHS Secretary to co-ordinate efforts to strengthen disease surveillance and reporting, develop better diagnostic tools and tests, cre-ate a physician education program, es-tablish epidemiological research objec-tives for Lyme and other tick-borne ill-nesses, and report to Congress on the progress of efforts to combat these dev-astating diseases. The significant increase in cases of Lyme and other tick-borne diseases over the past decade is extremely trou-bling, and it demands a strong and co-ordinated effort at the Federal level. This critical legislation has been en-dorsed by nearly 100 Lyme and tick- borne disease patient groups, along with the Appalachian Trail Conser-vancy. Despite the staggering statistics, the voices of those who are living and struggling with Lyme and other tick- borne diseases have not adequately been heard. Senator Blumenthal and I have put forth a commonsense, bipar-tisan legislative proposal that will bring greater attention to Lyme dis-ease and give patients and their fami-lies a greater say in their care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.068 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6210 September 28, 2016 
I ask my colleagues to cosponsor the Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Preven-tion, Education, and Research Act, and I urge the Senate to follow the lead of the House by passing legislation that will help more effectively prevent, di-agnosis, and treat Lyme disease. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, as leaves begin to turn and tempera-tures begin to drop, millions of Ameri-cans will head outdoors this fall to hike. In Connecticut, hikers will flock to trails in the State’s 107 parks and 32 State forests, which together account for more than 200,000 acres. While ticks are often thought of as spring and summer pests, ticks that carry the disease are still active in the fall. According to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, CDC, Lyme disease is the most commonly re-ported vector-borne illness in the coun-try, with more than 300,000 people be-coming infected each year. The CDC also reports that the species of ticks that spread Lyme disease now live in 46 percent of the Nation’s counties. The spread of Lyme disease, paired with a lack of action at the Federal level, has led tens of thousands of Americans to become infected, disrupting patients’ lives and placing major emotional and financial burden on families. With this in mind, I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting the bi-partisan Lyme and Tick Borne Disease Prevention, Education, and Research Act, S. 1503. The legislation is designed to better coordinate the Federal Gov-ernment’s response to tick-borne dis-eases by creating an advisory com-mittee within the Department of Health and Human Services, HHS, that would be tasked with identifying best practices to combat tick-borne dis-eases. The group would be comprised of patients, advocates, researchers, med-ical professionals, and government offi-cials. The bill would also require the HHS Secretary to coordinate efforts to strengthen disease surveillance and re-porting, develop better diagnostic tools and tests, create a physician-education program, establish epidemiological re-search objectives for Lyme and other tick-borne illnesses, and prepare reg-ular reports to Congress on the progress of efforts to combat these dev-astating diseases. The rapid rise in active Lyme and other tick-borne disease cases over the past decade demands a strong and co-ordinated effort at the Federal level to address the public health threat to our Nation. This critical legislation has been endorsed by hundreds of Lyme and tick-borne disease patient groups, along with the Appalachian Trail Con-servancy, ATC. According to a 2014 Ap-palachian Trail hiker survey, 9 percent of respondents reported that they had been diagnosed with Lyme disease. Our colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives have already passed this critical legislation, and now it is our turn. I urge our Senate colleagues to join as cosponsors, and help pass this critical measure expeditiously. Thank you. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of legis-lation to address a serious public health concern: the spread of Lyme dis-ease and other tick-borne diseases in the United States. In my home State of New York, there were 37,977 reported cases of Lyme dis-ease between 2005 and 2014, one of the most heavily affected populations in the country. This disease affects hun-dreds of thousands of people around the Nation and is the most commonly re-ported vector-borne illness in the United States, with an estimated 300,000 people becoming infected each year. The species of ticks that spread Lyme disease now live in 46 percent of the Nation’s counties. If caught early, Lyme disease can be treated with antibiotics. Unfortu-nately, the disease can be difficult to diagnose because its symptoms mimic the symptoms of other serious diseases and because existing diagnostic tests still have many limitations. As a re-sult, Lyme disease often goes unde-tected or misdiagnosed, making effec-tive treatment of patients more dif-ficult. Untreated Lyme disease can be debilitating and result in severe pain and suffering. To help address this epidemic, I urge my Senate colleagues to help pass the Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Preven-tion, Education, and Research Act, S. 1503. The House of Representatives ap-proved this legislation over a year ago, and we must now come together to pass this bill in the Senate as soon as possible. The Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Prevention, Education, and Research Act, would coordinate Federal efforts to address Lyme and other trick-borne diseases. It would create an advisory committee within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, HHS, made up of patients, advocates, re-searchers, health care providers, and government officials tasked with iden-tifying best practices for combatting tick-borne diseases. It would also di-rect the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out activities coordinated across agencies to improve data collection, develop better diag-nostic tests, enhance prevention and public awareness activities, and sup-port clinical research into treatments. The prevalence of Lyme and other tick-borne disease cases in this country demands a strong and coordinated ef-fort at the Federal level. The Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Prevention, Edu-cation, and Research Act is a critical step toward ending this epidemic. I strongly encourage my colleagues in the Senate to cosponsor and help pass this legislation to improve our Federal response to tackling Lyme and other tick-borne diseases. Thank you. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to speak about the issue of Lyme and tick-borne diseases. Fall is a beau-tiful time of year, especially in Maine, as it is the season for hiking, hunting, and leaf-peeping. Unfortunately, fall is also tick season and a time of in-creased risk of Lyme disease. Each year, 30,000 cases of Lyme dis-ease are reported to the Centers of Dis-ease Control and Prevention. The most recent CDC data noted that 96 percent of those cases were concentrated in just 14 States in the Upper Midwest and Northeast. Maine has one of the highest and fastest growing incident rates of the disease, with cases increas-ing from 225 in 2004 to 1,169 cases in 2014. Fall is a time of heightened risk be-cause the immature ticks, or nymphs, that fed heavily during the late spring and early summer have now molted into adults and must feed again. Al-though larger and easier to spot than the tiny nymphs, they are numerous and active. Lyme disease was long thought to be a form of juvenile arthritis and was not identified as being spread by ticks until 1976. It is still considered an emerging disease and knowledge gaps remain. For example, diagnostic meth-ods for tick-borne illnesses have not advanced as much as they should have. Consequently, the validity and accu-racy of information regarding the inci-dence and geographic spread of the dis-ease may be lacking. Now, another tick-borne disease called anaplasmosis is emerging, carried by the same blacklegged tick as Lyme disease and with symptoms that are similar in na-ture but often more severe. The rapid spread of these diseases is alarming and makes it essential that Federal, State, and local health agen-cies, public health organizations, and the scientific community work to-gether to improve prevention and de-tection efforts, as well as to accelerate research to address this crucial public- health challenge. This is the reason why I have cosponsored the Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Prevention, Edu-cation, and Research Act introduced by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and A YOTTE , which would help ensure that nec-essary resources are dedicated to fight-ing tick-borne diseases. Prevention and treatment are crucial because there are currently no vaccines for Lyme disease, Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever, anaplasmosis, or other tick-borne diseases. In order to mount a strong national prevention and treat-ment effort, the legislation would cre-ate a tick-borne diseases committee that would consist of physicians, sci-entists, public health leaders, health agency officials, patients, and patient advocates. This national advisory body would help bring needed focus to im-prove reporting methods, better diag-nostic tools, and more coordinated ef-forts from local to Federal levels. With individual precautions, we all can reduce our risk of Lyme disease and other tick-borne illnesses and con-tinue to enjoy the outdoors. With a na-tional effort, we can stop the spread of these devastating diseases and protect the health of all. I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.062 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6211 September 28, 2016 
REMEMBERING SHIMON PERES Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life and legacy of a dear friend, a great leader, a pioneer in his own right, someone I admire, and someone many of us have cheered on, President Shimon Peres. President Peres helped build Israel through hard work and tough diplomacy aimed at re-starting peace talks, and championed Israel’s security and prosperity until his last breath. A giant among states-men and inspiration to so many, his passing marks an end of an era and is a great loss to Israel, the region, and the world; but his legacy lives on in his unwavering commitment to regional peace and in the future of the Jewish people where generations upon genera-tions will build a better, safer, and more peaceful future. Last night, we got the very sad news that President Peres passed away after suffering a stroke 2 weeks ago, and I want to come to the floor to speak about him. We all know the biography. Born in Poland, he grew up in Tel Aviv and spent some time studying in the United States, including at Harvard Univer-sity and New School for Social Re-search in New York. Since the mid-20th century, President Peres committed his life to advancing peace and rec-onciliation in the Middle East and ad-dressing security issues that faced the region. He became the Director General of Israel’s Ministry of Defense at the age of 29 and had an impressive polit-ical career that spanned seven decades, which included two terms as Prime Minister and one as President. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994 for his role in negotiating the Oslo accords, along with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. President Obama award-ed him the Presidential Medal of Free-dom in 2012. A further testament to his hard work, commitment to his coun-try, and legacy, he continued to engage on matters of importance to Israel after leaving public office in 2014. I have known and observed President Peres for a long time, in particular, during my almost 40 years in Congress, and I can say that we have much to celebrate in him, starting with one of the greatest achievements of the 20th century—the founding of the modern State of Israel, which followed the most incomprehensible and evil event of the 20th century, when the Nazis, with the complicity of so many others, sought to exterminate a people. Peres, along with survivors of the Holocaust, helped to build modern Israel, and as a result, never again will the Jewish peo-ple be dependent on anyone else for their security. I met with then-President Peres on my last trip to Israel in 2012, and, as with every engagement we have had, I was reminded of his strong commit-ment to regional peace that I believe changed the course of Israel’s history in so many areas—defense, the occupa-tion of the West Bank, the economy, and the peace process itself. Now, I have been a longtime friend and sup-porter of Israel, and I also have had the great honor in my years in the Senate to be on the committee that provided billions in foreign assistance and mis-sile defense to Israel and ensured Israel had the resources it needed while en-forcing current and potential future sanctions against Iran. So I have been a close observer of Israel and seen Peres up close and personal. What I can say about him is that, in our conversations, I told him my sup-port for Israel is unabashed and unwav-ering and that I will continue to be a voice for Israel and a vote for Israel in the U.S. Senate. I said the United States will always stand by Israel since we are bound together by our common values, by history, and by our shared national interests. I said that support for Israel must be unflinching and un-flagging and that the United States will continue to make sure that Israel maintains its qualitative edge—the ability to counter and defeat any mili-tary threat. We have had good con-versations over the years, so I could not be more emphatic when I say that his legacy, along with his status as the last surviving member of Israel’s founding generation which we cannot ignore, puts him in his own category among Israel’s most iconic political figures. Israel has had to endure many wars and live in constant readiness for bat-tle under the constant threat of ter-rorism; yet the people of Israel have re-mained strong and resolute, a testa-ment to the legacy of Shimon Peres. Today we honor the life and legacy of our friend Shimon Peres, and all friends of Peres and Israel should re-commit ourselves to ensuring the sur-vivability and viability of the State of Israel, now and forever. I will miss my dear friend, but look forward to a fu-ture of peace, prosperity, and friend-ship that will live on. 
f 
MONTREAL PROTOCOL 28TH MEETING OF PARTIES Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to express my support for a suc-cessful 28th meeting of parties to the 1989 Montreal Protocol on substances that deplete the ozone layer, scheduled to take place next month in Kigali, Rwanda. The 28th meeting of parties, commonly referred to as MOP28, is un-dertaking the incredibly important task of reaching an agreement on an amendment to the Montreal Protocol to phase down the worldwide produc-tion and application of hydrofluorocarbons, HFCs, which are incredibly potent, short-lived, green-house gases most commonly used as re-frigerants in air conditioners and for cold storage. Phasing down HFCs is a critically important step towards real-izing the enhanced ambition goals of the Paris Agreement to limit the rise in global average temperature to 1.5 de-grees Celsius. I fully support MOP28’s aims of reaching an agreement that is high on ambition and expeditious in its timeline. There is no time to lose if we, as a global community, are to act suc-cessfully to stem the causes of the Earth’s rapidly changing climate sys-tem. Prior to the Montreal Protocol’s im-plementation, the Earth’s ozone, O3, the thin layer of concentrated O
3in our atmosphere responsible for regulating the intensity of the Sun’s penetrating ultraviolet, UV, light, had developed massive holes near the Earth’s poles and had worn dangerously thin around most of the world. A diminished ozone layer poses serious threats to human health by proliferating skin diseases from overexposure to UV light, seri-ously harms global crop yields and ag-ricultural production, and hastens the useful life of a variety of plastic mate-rials utilized in a variety of outdoor applications. The Montreal Protocol’s incremental approach to phasing out harmful ozone depleting substances, ODSs, is a testa-ment to how inclusive and transparent approaches to multilateral environ-mental agreements that incorporate constructive inputs from affected in-dustries and the scientific community can achieve positive environmental re-sults. Starting with the phase out of chlorofluorocarbons, CFCs, the worst- of-the-worst ozone depleting sub-stances, followed by the phase out of hydrochlorofluorocarbons, HCFCs, these agreements have the Earth’s ozone on track to be fully recovered by 2065. Hydrofluorocarbons, HFCs, are the chemical refrigerant alternative that replaced HCFCs and CFCs. Unfortu-nately, HFCs are extreme greenhouse gases. Some HFCs are 4,000 times more potent greenhouse gases than carbon dioxide. The fairly recent expansion of mass production and worldwide use of HFCs, post-HCFC and CFC elimination, are believed to have significantly con-tributed to the recent worsening of the global climate crisis. While the Montreal Protocol is de-signed to address ODSs, not climate change, the decision was made at the Montreal Protocol’s 27th meeting of parties in Dubai that the Montreal Protocol provides an effective mecha-nism to address this family of chemi-cals effectively. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, ‘‘HFC use and emissions are rapidly increasing as a result of the phase out of ozone-deplet-ing substances (ODS) and growing glob-al demand for air conditioning and re-frigeration. The continued emissions of HFCs—primarily as alternatives to ODS and as byproduct emissions of HFC–23—are having an immediate and significant effect on the Earth’s cli-mate system. Without further controls, HFC emissions could largely negate the climate benefits achieved under the Montreal Protocol.’’ The United States has demonstrated exceptional leadership with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.070 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6212 September 28, 2016 
phasing down HFCs on all fronts. U.S. chemical producers and the refrigera-tion manufacturing sector have led the world in developing safe, effective, and commercially viable refrigeration chemical alternatives, namely hydrofluoroolefin, HFO, and hydro-carbon, HC; refrigerants, that neither pose significant threats to the ozone nor the climate crisis. In addition to making these technological advances, the industry has helped bring countries to the table and fully supports adopt-ing an ambitious HFC amendment to the Montreal Protocol in Kigali. The U.S. is taking bold domestic po-litical action to promote a significant reduction in the use of HFCs in the marketplace by promulgating some of the world’s most ambitious domestic HFC abatement policies. This action provides the U.S.’s delegation to the Montreal Protocol with a strong foot-ing to lead by example when it comes to advancing an ambitious agreement to phase down HFCs globally as quick-ly as possible. The United States and our North American neighbors Mexico and Can-ada have put forward one of the most ambitious HFC amendment proposals for consideration at MOP28. Moreover, our amendment has broad support from developing and developed countries on every continent. According to the State Department, more than 120 par-ties to the Montreal Protocol have ex-pressed support for the policy concepts in the North American amendment proposal. I want to congratulate the hard-working diplomats, negotiators, and policy experts at the U.S. State De-partment, the Commerce Department, and the EPA who have masterfully de-veloped and rallied support for an am-bitious proposal. While I am confident a deal on a new and effective HFC amendment to the Montreal Protocol is within reach, there is certainly still some diplomacy necessary with some very important parties to the Montreal Protocol, and I encourage our delega-tion to continue working with these parties in Kigali. Phasing down the global presence of HFCs is the low-hanging fruit in the global effort to combat climate change. If we are going to be successful in achieving the goals of the Paris Agree-ment, we need to do the easy things first. So let’s act fast and effectively to get potent HFC greenhouse gas reduc-tions as soon as possible. These are noncontroversial steps we can take to abate climate change that should abso-lutely have bipartisan support from Congress. Thank you. 
f 
ENSURING JUSTICE FOR DIS-APPEARED PEOPLES IN MEXICO Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to observe the second anniversary of the forced disappearance of 43 stu-dents in the Mexican state of Guerrero, a tragedy that continues to haunt the students’ families and friends. I also rise to speak to the endemic challenges posed by cases of missing and dis-appeared persons across Mexico and to appeal to President Pena Nieto and Mexico’s political leaders to be more responsive and transparent on this critical issue. On the evening of September 26, 2014, in a series of events that the New York Times has characterized as a ‘‘night of terror,’’ local police from the town of Iguala turned their weapons on the ci-vilian population and colluded with the criminal organization known as the Guerreros Unidos to target and ter-rorize students from the Escuela Nor-mal Rural Raul Isidro Burgos, which is a teachers’ college. By the end of that night, 6 people were killed, 25 were in-jured, and 43 students were forcibly ‘‘disappeared’’ in a tragic story that has echoed around the globe. As links between the U.S. and Mexico abound and given the more than 33 mil-lion Mexican-Americans and Mexicans residing in the United States, the dis-appearance of the 43 students has been felt deeply throughout our country. Whether it is in California, Texas, Arizona, Illinois, New York or Mary-land, almost all of our States are home to large, dynamic Mexican-American communities that remain in contact with friends and families throughout Mexico. Many of our constituents have direct and personal ties to the tragedy that took place in Iguala and the broader crisis of unresolved disappear-ances in Mexico. In the 2 years since the disappear-ance of the 43 students, it is important to recognize that there have been crit-ical advances in the investigations. Moreover, I want to recognize the Gov-ernment of Mexico’s decision to work with the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, IACHR, to create an Interdisciplinary Group of Independent Experts, GIEI—by its initials in Span-ish—which has provided invaluable technical assistance for the investiga-tion, as well as key recommendations to strengthen ongoing investigative ef-forts. It is imperative to note, however, that the GIEI faced repeated obstacles such as restricted access to key docu-ments and individuals and found sig-nificant inconsistencies in the Mexican Government’s investigation, including incidents of mishandled evidence. It is also important to note that the experts found evidence which indicates that members of the federal and state police may have joined the local police in colluding with the criminal organi-zations involved in the disappearance of the students. In addition, members of the Mexican Army’s 27th Battalion were discovered to have been at the scene of the crime and closely involved in the fatal events of that night. And we cannot overlook the fact that 2 full years after the students’ disappear-ance, there has not been a single crimi-nal conviction in the case. For these reasons, I urge President Pena Nieto and his administration to take all necessary steps to make oper-ational a special follow-up mechanism for the investigation the IACHR estab-lished in July. This follow-up mecha-nism will include two IACHR-appointed advisors responsible for working with Mexican authorities and monitoring further action on the group of experts’ recommendations. Continued progress on this case is critical. My staff has met directly with the families of the 43 students, and we cannot let their call for justice end in impunity. So whether it includes pur-suing new leads, discarding flawed theories, granting broader access to case files, or removing officials who have obstructed the investigation, I ap-peal to President Pena Nieto and his administration to ensure that the in-vestigation has the full political back-ing and sufficient resources to achieve the needed results. I also want to speak to how the case of the 43 students is representative of the endemic challenge of missing and disappeared peoples across Mexico. Ac-cording to its own statistics, since 2007, the Mexican Government has docu-mented more than 28,000 cases of miss-ing and disappeared people. In fact, in the months after the students’ dis-appearance, as investigators and fami-lies of disappeared persons fanned out across Guerrero state, they encoun-tered numerous mass graves of victims of unknown crimes and carnage. So the resolution of this case is particularly symbolic as it would give hope to the thousands of Mexican families who have relatives who have disappeared. I want to recognize President Pena Nieto’s decision to submit draft legis-lation last December for a general law to prevent and punish the crime of dis-appearances, which would establish ob-ligations for federal, state, and local authorities and improve coordination across jurisdictions. I appeal to mem-bers of the Mexican Senate and Cham-ber of Deputies to pass this important legislation. By prioritizing this issue and providing increased budgetary, fo-rensic, and technological resources, Mexican authorities can ensure justice for the tens of thousands of Mexican families who have suffered the dis-appearance of a friend or loved one. Finally, I want to call upon the State Department and our Embassy in Mex-ico City to use their diplomatic discus-sions with the Mexican Government to offer all relevant assistance and to un-derscore the importance of learning the truth about the disappearance of the 43 students and the broader issue of miss-ing and disappeared people. We must stand ready to support our Mexican partners as they pursue justice in these critical cases, which have touched the lives of too many Mexicans and, in turn, our constituents here in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.069 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6213 September 28, 2016 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 38TH INFANTRY DIVISION Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize the 100th an-niversary of the 38th Infantry Division, ID, and honor the soldiers of the 38th ID for their service to our Nation. The division was first activated in August of 1917 as a National Guard di-vision composed of units from Indiana, Kentucky, and West Virginia. The divi-sion was originally conducting initial training at Camp Shelby, MS, when a tornado touched down, prompting MG Robert L. Howze to give the 38th ID the nickname the ‘‘Cyclone Division.’’ The Cyclone Division would later deploy to Europe during World War I and lost 301 soldiers. The division returned to service in January 1941 in response to the attack on Pearl Harbor and the start of World War II. The 38th Infantry Division took part in the New Guinea, Southern Phil-ippines, and Luzon campaigns where they would earn their second nick-name, ‘‘the Avengers of Bataan,’’ be-stowed on them by GEN Douglas Mac-Arthur. The Cyclone Division also served in the Vietnam war where the Company D Rangers, 151st Infantry of the 38th ID were among a few National Guard units to serve and became one of the coun-try’s most highly decorated units. Since September 11, 2001, the 38th ID has sent soldiers to serve in a wide range of missions, including Operation Joint Forge in Bosnia, Operation Joint Guardian in Kosovo, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. The 38th ID also answered a different kind of call when it assumed command of all National Guard elements de-ployed in Mississippi in response to Hurricane Katrina. The 38th Infantry Division continues to deploy soldiers worldwide in support of our national defense. I am proud to honor 38th Infantry Di-vision soldiers past and present on this special anniversary. Thank you to the men and women of the Cyclone Divi-sion for their steadfast defense of our Nation and their service to their home States, including Indiana. I wish the 38th Infantry Division another 100 years of setting an exemplary standard for our total force. 
f 
17TH HONOR FLIGHT OF HONOR FLIGHT NORTHERN COLORADO Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the veterans of the Honor Flight Northern Colorado and the organization’s 17th trip to Wash-ington, DC. More than 120 veterans have traveled to our Nation’s Capital to visit the memorials that stand in their honor. This group includes vet-erans from various wars and genera-tions, but all are linked by their serv-ice to our country. Ten years ago, the Honor Flight was created to fly veterans that had served in World War II to Washington, DC, so they could visit the World War II me-morial. Now, the Honor Flight wel-comes veterans from across the coun-try to fly to Washington, DC, free of charge, to visit the memorials of the wars in which these heroic veterans fought. No words are sufficient to show the gratitude and respect we all have for the courageous men and women who have protected our Nation. These veterans have preserved our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. Of the 123 veterans on the most re-cent honor flight, 20 served in World War II, 34 served in Korea, and 69 served in Vietnam. Please join me in honoring Fredric Arnold, Gene Bennett, C.H. Clark, Lil-lian Crosley, Raymond Dickey, Darwin Dixon, James Edmisten, Jimmie Godsey, Louis Hamman, Delbert Haynes, John Hess, Robert Horton, Do-lores Kochheiser, Harry Maroncelli, Elmer McGinty, Frank Occhiuto, Rob-ert Schueneman, Raymond Valadez, William VanBeber, William Way, Rich-ard Bernhardt, Harold Bohm, Lee Boylan, George Brandt, Casper Brixius, James Comer Jr., Russell Daniels, Ralph Darrough, Ross DeBey, Garold Fox, S. Gilbert Garcia, Ronald Gillam, William Harrison, Virgil Hecker, Allan Hedberg, Dennis Lance, Gordon Leben, Albert Lowe, Jimmy Martin, Francis McKenna Jr., Ernest Medialdea, James Montgomery, Delmer Moss, James Petrie, William Pool, Carroll Quick, Robert Ray, Kennedy Roode, Al Schott, William Sherman, James Shuey, Don-ald Trettenero, Herbert Wenger, Eu-gene Ziehm, Roy Armstrong, Wilbur Boegli, Cary Bott, Thurman Bradley, Claude Buehrle, Robert Bullard, John Carpenter, Terrence Carroll, Robert Cofone, Larry Coldren, Paul Conley, Byron Daniels, Robert Davis, Mark DeDecker, Michael Doherty, Gary Dor-sey, Mark Drake, Dale Eggleston, Jerry Eldred, Gary Ellerman, Daniel Ferguson, William Fisher, Roy Friesen, Glenn Fulcher, Glenn Gaines, Jerry Graham, Paul Graves, Dwight Gutsche, Percy Hamilton II, Christopher Harris, Robert Hawkey, William Hellyer, Thomas James, Normann Kegerreis, Michael Krier, LeRoy Lawson, Harold Lif, Peter Lister, Jimmy Lofink, Wil-liam Margheim, Dallas Maurer, Kevin McGrath, Richard Miller Jr., David Naylor, Wesley Nelson, Richard Norris, Larry Perkins, Robert Randall, Danny Robinett, Robert Rutz, Robert Schra-der, Billy Schwindt, Jackie Scott, David Sellers, David Shigley, Tommy Silva, Kenneth Skoglund, Darrell Smith, John Smith, Farrell Spencer, Edward Stephens, Stanley Suichta, Martin Treml, Kerry Tyler, Linda Tyler, Daryl Vande Hoef, Thomas White, Terry Willert, and John Young. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN R. ANDREW MURRAY Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the military service of CAPT R. Andrew Murray on the oc-casion of his retirement from the U.S. Coast Guard. I commend Captain Murray’s Coast Guard career and offer my thanks for his 35 years of faithful service to our country. Although he has gone ashore for the last time as a coastguardsman, his commitment to public service continues in North Caro-lina. As a civilian, Captain Murray has acted as the elected district attorney of Mecklenburg County since 2011. Captain Murray enlisted in the Coast Guard in 1980, serving 6 years of Active Duty as an aviation electronic techni-cian and helicopter flight crewman. He then became a Reservist and received a commission as an officer through the Reserve Officer Candidate Indoctrina-tion School, ROCI. Meanwhile, Captain Murray grad-uated from the University of North Carolina at Charlotte in 1992 with a bachelor of arts in political science. He received a juris doctorate from the University of North Carolina School of Law, and he is a member of the North Carolina Bar. Throughout his career as an attorney and eventually as district attorney of Mecklenburg County, Captain Murray also served in a number of roles as a Reserve officer. He acted as the senior Reserve officer of Group Charleston, SC; a senior analyst for the Coast Guard Counter Terrorism and Defense Operations Unit; and the senior Re-serve officer of Sector Charleston, SC. As a Reservist, Captain Murray has also been called to Active Duty. In 2013, he received the call to serve as the legal adviser for the Gulf Coast Inci-dent Management Team in New Orle-ans, LA, where he contributed to Oper-ation Deepwater Horizon, the Federal cleanup effort for the massive oil spill of 2010. Captain Murray most recently served as the Western Rivers and Coastal Re-gion senior Reserve officer for the Eighth Coast Guard District. He was responsible for monitoring the readi-ness of 870 Reservists assigned to the Coast Guard’s Eighth District, which comprises of seven sectors, spans 26 States, and covers more than 12,000 miles of river and coastline. His out-standing leadership assured the avail-ability of a robust reserve capacity to respond to all subsequent contin-gencies, including a 30,000-gallon fuel spill and extreme Midwest regional flooding. At his recent retirement cere-mony, Captain Murray was honored with the Coast Guard Meritorious Service Medal for his leadership in this post. Captain Murray’s other decorations include three Coast Guard Commenda-tion Medals, the Coast Guard Achieve-ment Medal, and the Coast Guard 9/11 Service Medal. I offer Captain Murray my warmest congratulations and appreciation for the many years he has spent protecting this Nation, saving lives, and per-forming his faithful duty as a U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.093 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6214 September 28, 2016 
Coastguardsman. I ask my fellow Sen-ators to join me in saluting Captain Murray for his service. 
f 
REMEMBERING HENRY SHELTON Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor the life and significant accomplishments of Henry Shelton, a tireless advocate for Rhode Island’s poorest citizens, who passed away on September 21, 2016. Our world is a better place because Henry was in it, and he will be sorely missed. Born and raised in Central Falls, RI, Henry served as a priest in Providence, where he began his lifelong fight for those in need. After leaving the priest-hood, he led the Coalition for Con-sumer Justice and founded the Paw-tucket-based George Wiley Center, where he served as director for over 30 years. Henry empowered low-income Rhode Islanders to push for social change and policies to alleviate pov-erty and provide access to basic needs. He truly put the word ‘‘active’’ into ac-tivism. From protesting in the street to arguing in the courtroom, Henry made a difference in the causes he championed, including securing bus passes for the elderly, working to pro-vide free school breakfast and summer meals for low-income children, and promoting access to unemployment services, to name a few. Henry Shelton’s legacy is perhaps most felt in his work to lower utility costs and to help low-income families with their energy bills so that their heat or electricity was not turned off. New England winters can be particu-larly brutal. Henry understood that paying utility bills is a real struggle for those who are trying to make ends meet. His mission was to make sure that no one was left out in the cold. He was a vocal supporter of the Low In-come Home Energy Assistance Pro-gram, LIHEAP, which I too have long championed, to provide vital assistance to help low-income households, seniors, and veterans pay their energy bills. Ac-cessing this assistance is not auto-matic and each year individuals have to prove their eligibility. That takes a lot of work by dedicated individuals on the ground who help people enroll and get the assistance they need. Henry was unrelenting in working for each and every person who needed help. Henry played this essential role by bringing LIHEAP funds and protec-tions across the finish line. He worked to make sure families understood their rights, could navigate the utility as-sistance process, and were able to ac-cess payment forgiveness plans when needed. Indeed, Henry was such an ef-fective advocate that when Rhode Is-land State lawmakers passed a bill al-lowing for a utility payment-forgive-ness program for low-income, disabled, and elderly Rhode Islanders, they named it the Henry Shelton Act. Henry received a number of awards for his work, including the Providence Newspaper Guild’s John F. Kiffney community service award, which is given to a Rhode Islander ‘‘whose car-ing, courage and humor light the way for those who follow,’’ and he was in-ducted into the Rhode Island Heritage Hall of Fame in 2015. Despite his many accomplishments, Henry was excep-tionally humble, never seeking praise or recognition for his work to help oth-ers. I ask that my colleagues join me in remembering Henry Shelton, who was kind, caring, courageous, and pas-sionate about helping and empowering those who were less fortunate. I offer my heartfelt condolences to Mr. Shelton’s wife, Carol; his sisters Rose-marie and Catherine; his five children, Joseph, James, Patrick, Eamon, and Caitlin; and grandchildren, Benjamin, Mathew, Henry, Emmett, Frederic, and Felicity. I know that Henry’s constant example of good will and selflessness will continue to sustain and inspire his family and all of us. 
f 
REMEMBERING ERIC VON BROADLEY Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life and legacy of Eric Von Broadley, known throughout the country as Eric Von, whose un-timely passing at the age of 58 has left the Milwaukee community without one of its most thoughtful African-Amer-ican leaders. Over the last three dec-ades, Eric Von has been a bridge build-er, a healer, and an important voice in Milwaukee’s African-American com-munity. Eric was a 25-year veteran of the radio industry, starting his career as a disc jockey and then moving into news as a reporter and anchor. He served as the business manager for Radio One in Washington, DC. Then, when his career took him from Washington, DC, to Mil-waukee, he became the director of op-erations for the former 1290 WMCS radio. It did not take long before local news programs sought out his gravitas as a commentator. Eric became a regular panelist on Wisconsin Public Tele-vision’s Interchange and the cohost of ‘‘Black Nouveau.’’ Milwaukee ABC net-work affiliate, WISN Channel 12, turned to Eric’s influence in the com-munity to motivate people to vote in local and national elections. Eric be-came a special assignment reporter and cohost of ‘‘It’s Your Vote,’’ a weekly political affairs show which featured candidate forums, debates, and voter education information. Beyond broadcast journalism, Eric was the managing partner of the public relations firm he founded, Von Commu-nications. In addition, Eric Von and his wife, Faithe Colas, cofounded an online health magazine committed to improv-ing the health of African-American men, known as Brain, Brawn & Body. Eric was a fearless opinion leader. As a broadcast journalist, he spoke frank-ly and from the heart on the day’s most controversial social and political issues. He was brave enough to take on the stereotypes and misconceptions that divide Milwaukee and do it in a way that earned the respect of even his strongest detractors. And in a city where inflammatory talk radio is prev-alent, his was a voice of reason in the debate over inequality and injustice. He was known for speaking the truth about Milwaukee’s racial divide and using his platform as a vehicle for posi-tive change. Just last month, I had the honor of speaking with Eric about the recent unrest in Milwaukee’s Sherman Park neighborhood that was tied to lack of job opportunities in the central city. We discussed how we could work together to bring healing to the city, and we promised to speak again soon to find solutions that will build a stronger Milwaukee community. Eric Von was the loving husband of Faithe Colas; father of Erica Broadley, Bria Culp, and Paige Colas; and grand-father to Domonic Patten and Erielle Taylor. He leaves behind a host of fam-ily and friends that truly loved him and will miss him dearly. As we honor the life of Eric Von Broadley, I join with mourners across the Milwaukee community in pledging to continue Eric’s fight for equal op-portunity and to honor his legacy of action. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID AND LIANE PHILLIPS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize cofounders David and Liane Phillips on the 20th anniver-sary of Cincinnati Works. Cincinnati Works began with the dream of founders Dave and Liane Phil-lips to eliminate poverty in the com-munity. As a result of significant re-search and review of best practices in workforce development programs across the Nation, a program model was developed which focused on job re-tention and advancement rather than simply job placement. Since its opening in 1996, Cincinnati Works and the Phillipses have helped to provide hope and encouragement for thousands of people living in poverty, assisting in advancing self-sufficiency through employment. Cincinnati Works offers a com-prehensive approach to eliminating poverty in the Tri-State area through a network of job services and employer partnerships. The contributions and dedication the organization has shown is commendable and continues to be a vital asset in the community. I applaud the outstanding commit-ment of David and Liane and all who were involved in reaching this mile-stone. I congratulate and thank them for making the first 20 years of Cin-cinnati Works a success. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN G. CENTANNI ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize John Centanni, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.073 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6215 September 28, 2016 
firefighter, lifelong Newarker, and friend who is retiring from the Newark Fire Department after 30 years of dedi-cated service. A true public servant, John has guided the Department since 2010, providing steady leadership dur-ing a critical time. John G. Centanni was born to John and Pamela Centanni on July 25, 1965, in Newark, NJ, where he was raised with his younger sisters, Marlene, An-gela, and Cassandra, in the city’s North Ward. In 1986, at the age of 20, John ful-filled a childhood dream when he be-came a Newark firefighter. Over the three decades that followed, John ad-vanced through the ranks, serving as captain, batallion chief, deputy chief, chief of staff to the battalion director, and finally, fire chief. Assigned to Engine 6—one of our Na-tion’s busiest—John quickly became known for his exceptional work ethic and commitment to safety. As a fire-fighter, he earned numerous com-mendations for courage, valor, and her-oism, including two Individual Life-saving Awards from the Newark Fire-fighters Union. In 1992, he was inducted into the Police and Firemen’s Insur-ance Association Heroes Hall of Fame, in recognition of his lifesaving work. In 2010, John’s substantial experi-ence, impressive record of leadership and service, and great reputation among his fellow firefighters made it easy for me to select him as Newark’s fire chief. During his tenure at the helm of New Jersey’s largest municipal fire department, John was instru-mental in securing Federal funding for equipment upgrades and maintaining crucial relationships and mutual aid agreements with sister fire depart-ments. These accomplishments made Newark and our State safer, saving countless lives. John will retire from the city of New-ark on October 21, 2016. His career of three decades, spent exclusively with the Newark Fire Department, has been marked by incredible heroism and serv-ice. It is a true honor to formally rec-ognize Fire Chief John G. Centanni for the contributions that he has made to the citizens of Newark throughout his career, thank him for his tremendous service, and wish him happiness in a well-deserved retirement.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STANLEY S. FINE ∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, it gives me great joy to congratulate a dear friend, Stanley S. Fine, who is being rightfully honored next month by the Baltimore District Council of the Urban Land Institute, ULI, with its 2016 Lifetime Achievement Award. The Lifetime Achievement Award is given to an individual who has been a recog-nized leader in the development com-munity; who has touched all aspects of development including acquisition, de-sign, finance, and implementation; who has volunteered his or her time and/or resources to help advance the industry; and who commands the admiration and respect of his or her peers for lifetime accomplishments. I doubt there is any other individual as deserving as Stan-ley, a native Baltimorean, to receive this recognition. My wife, Myrna, and I have known Stanley since we were all in junior high school. One of the most important things to know about Stanley is that he is always ready to offer a helping hand. I doubt any of us know just how many people Stanley has helped over the years; because of his inherent mod-esty, he never seeks acknowledgment or recognition or accolades. In 1982, Stanley’s wife, Bailey—a dedicated and accomplished public servant—ran my reelection campaign to the Maryland House of Delegates and then served as my campaign aide during my first con-gressional race in 1986; as my district director for 20 years; and, finally, as my State director during my first term in the Senate before she retired at the end of 2012. Stanley and Bailey will be celebrating their 45th wedding anniver-sary on November 28. They have two lovely adult children, Michael and Laura, and three grandchildren. Mi-chael and his wife, Whitney, have two daughters, Riley and Blakely; Laura and her husband, Ben Liebman, have a son, Eli. Stanley is a partner in the law firm of Rosenberg Martin Greenberg, LLP. He has been representing developers and businessowners in high-profile Bal-timore city land use and zoning mat-ters for 35 years. The city’s skyline and neighborhoods, from office buildings to shopping centers and local businesses, from industrial buildings and office parks to neighborhood restaurants, re-flect Stanley’s tremendous impact on Baltimore. Over the years, Stanley has cultivated long-term relationships with developers, engineers, architects, attorneys, planners, city and State of-ficials, preservationists, conservation-ists, and others engaged in real estate development. These relationships, cou-pled with Stanley’s legal acumen and personal commitment to the city of Baltimore, have helped him to bring prominent and challenging commer-cial, industrial, and residential projects to realization. Stanley is a consensus-seeker and always finds cre-ative solutions for each project—solu-tions that serve the interests of his cli-ents, the government agencies in-volved, the community, and other stakeholders. As ULI Baltimore Dis-trict Council coordinator Lisa Norris stated, ‘‘Throughout Stanley’s career his priority has been to make the City of Baltimore a better place in which to live and work.’’ Stanley is a cofounder of the Balti-more Development Workgroup and pre-viously served as the director of the Maryland State Lottery Agency and chairman of the Maryland State Lot-tery Commission. He is a former mem-ber of the Baltimore City Planning Commission and president of a commu-nity association. Best Lawyers in America magazine has recognized Stanley as ‘‘Land Use & Zoning Lawyer of the Year’’ for 2011 through 2014 and as one of Maryland’s top land use and zoning attorneys in the 2007 through 2017 editions. And he has made the list as one of ‘‘Maryland’s Super Lawyers’’ in the 2007 through 2013 and 2015 through 2016 editions of Baltimore Magazine. Stanley received his B.A. from Johns Hopkins University in 1965 and his J.D. from the University Of Maryland School of Law in 1969. In addition to being a superb lawyer, Stanley is an exceptional athlete. While he was a freshman at Johns Hop-kins, he played in the first game of Baltimore’s box lacrosse league, tele-vised live in 1962, and scored a game- high four goals for his club team, which won the game. At the university, he was the backbone of a tenacious midfield for the Blue Jays varsity la-crosse team and joined the Phi Sigma Delta fraternity. I think Stanley’s colleague Benjamin Rosenberg, the founder and chairman of Rosenberg Martin Greenberg, summed it up best, saying: . . . this award is long overdue recognition of the major role Stanley has played in the life of our City. Over the past several decades there have been very few significant real es-tate developments in Baltimore that Stanley has not had an important hand in. He has also been a behind the scenes confidante and sounding board for virtually every public of-ficial at the State and local level. They rely on Stanley for practical, discreet advice and counsel. Take a walk over to City Hall or a trip to the State House with Stanley and you’ll see what I mean. While some people may think of Stanley as Bailey’s sidekick or Michael and Laura’s dad or one of the great-est left-handed shooters who ever played la-crosse, wherever you look at bright spots in Baltimore, chances are you’ll see something that Stanley has helped bring about. 
The epitaph in St. Paul’s Cathedral for Sir Christopher Wren reads, in part, ‘‘si monumentum requiris, circumspice,’’ which means ‘‘if you seek his monument, look around you.’’ What is true for Christopher Wren in London is true for my friend Stanley Fine in Baltimore. I ask my fellow Sen-ators to join my wife, Myrna, and me and Stanley’s colleagues, peers, family members, and his legions of friends and admirers in congratulating him on re-ceiving such a richly deserved Lifetime Achievement Award from ULI Balti-more.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CHARLES CAWLEY ∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, on be-half of Senator C
HRIS COONS and Con-gressman J
OHNCARNEY of Delaware, I would like to set aside a few minutes today to reflect on the life and work of the late Charles ‘‘Charlie’’ Cawley. He was a Delawarean who created a divi-sion called Support Services to employ hundreds of people with intellectual or developmental disabilities and enhance their quality of life as employees of MBNA Corporation, the succesful cred-it card business he founded which was later acquired by Bank of America in 2006. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.092 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6216 September 28, 2016 
Charlie made it his mission to give back to the communities in which he and his employees lived. Over the course of more than two decades, his company and its employees gave more than $50 million to organizations and innumerable worthy causes. One major way that Charlie and the people of MBNA helped transform those commu-nities was through a division of MBNA called Support Services. Now a division within Bank of America, it currently employs more than 300 associates with intellectual or developmental disabil-ities at Bank of America offices in Delaware, Maine, and Texas. These em-ployees handle a variety of tasks, some of which include manual package as-sembly, performing quality control on automated teller machines, printing t- shirts, letter folding, and mailing and processing detailed, confidential docu-ments. Employees receive a competi-tive salary, full benefits, and the op-portunity to grow professionally and build relationships with mentors at the bank. It all began when Charlie was out to dinner with friends who felt their dis-abled son had little opportunity for employment and independence, so Charlie hired their son—and three oth-ers—and not long after, Support Serv-ices was born. Charlie knew there was value to this division, and with an abiding commitment to supporting in-dividuals with disabilities, he grew the division to more than 200 employees. When Bank of America acquired MNBA, the division could have been downsized or even eliminated; however, Bank of America’s vice chairwoman Anne Finucane saw an opportunity to involve Support Services in more as-pects of the bank’s businesses, not less, so the program was expanded even fur-ther. Contributing significantly to the suc-cess of Support Services is that its em-ployees are treated the same as other employees of the bank. Managers look at the team as a whole, determine what skills each member possesses, and then provide the conditions needed to foster success. Doing so has helped to ensure that the efforts of Support Services employees, which require near perfect accuracy and high efficiency rates, are met with success. In the early years of the division, many clients of Support Services were skeptical that people with disabilities would be able to com-plete the very meticulous and time- sensitive tasks in which this division specializes; however, those high expec-tations are always met and very often exceeded. Support Services is a quiet gem that has given hundreds of employees the opportunity to build confidence and independence. It is a blessing in their lives. From recognizing project accom-plishments, milestones, and pro-motions, to celebrating weddings and the birth of children, there is no short-age of success stories to come out of such a positive and impactful area. Support Services is more than a divi-sion of the bank; it represents an op-portunity to make a meaningful con-tribution every workday of their lives. Support Services has survived mergers and acquisitions because the potential value that Charlie once envisioned over dinner with his friends many years ago has been enthusiastically embraced by a new generation. Sadly, Charlie passed away in 2015, but his legacy of giving lives on through this program and its employees who together comprise the Charles M. Cawley Support Services team. Long may they serve.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE TAKEI ∑Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, ‘‘Oh Myyy!’’ My friend George Takei is being honored with the National Asian Pacific American Bar Association’s, NAPABA, Inspire Award. In addition to his many contributions to the arts, George has been on the forefront for decades, fighting for those who don’t have a voice. When he was just 4 years old, the tra-jectory of George’s life changed for-ever. His family and nearly 120,000 other Japanese Americans were de-clared enemy aliens and were forcibly removed from their homes for the dura-tion of World War II. George’s family packed up their entire lives into one suitcase and endured harsh living con-ditions in ramshackle internment camps. The internment of Japanese Ameri-cans remains one of our country’s darkest moments, and George has made it his life’s work to educate a new generation of Americans about the importance of protecting fundamental rights. George’s most ambitious endeavor, ‘‘Allegiance,’’ a musical on the intern-ment, exposed a new audience to the shock, humiliation, anger, and resolve of one family, the Kimuras, who were interned in Heart Mountain, WY. As for others, the Kimura’s internment harm didn’t end when the war did. There was irreparable damage to the family’s unity, hopes, and dreams. In a TED Talk, George recounted the heroism of Japanese Americans who volunteered to serve in the military de-spite being declared enemy aliens. Their segregated units—the 442nd Regi-mental Combat Team, the 100th Bat-talion, and the Military Intelligence Service—remain some of the most decorated units in the Army. ‘‘They gave me a legacy, and with that legacy comes a responsibility, and I am dedicated to making my country an even better America, to making our government an even truer democracy, and because of the heroes that I have and the struggles that we’ve gone through, I can stand before you as a gay Japanese-American, but even more than that, I am a proud American.’’ George is also a tireless advocate for and leader in the LGBT community. In 2005, George bravely stood up to con-servative attacks on marriage equality by publicly coming out as gay. In 2008, he and his husband, Brad, became the first LGBT couple in West Hollywood to apply for a marriage license. More than a decade later, America has caught up to George, and marriage equality is the law of the land. George has demonstrated a lifelong commitment to stand up for people who don’t always have a voice. And this award is as much a recognition of the work he will continue to do as much as for what he has already done. Congratulations, George, on a well- deserved honor.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING BARRY CONCRETE, INC. ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, family- owned small businesses have a strong tradition in Louisiana and are the backbone of the business community. This week I would like to recognize Barry Concrete, Inc., of Lafayette, LA, as Small Business of the Week, which has been family-owned for three gen-erations. Barry Concrete was founded in 1947 by Charles Weldon Barry, Sr., better known as ‘‘Tex.’’ After working as an electrician in the New Orleans Higgins Boat factory during World War II, Tex returned to his native Lafayette and established Barry Concrete. He success-fully ran the company until his retire-ment in the late 1970s, when his son Charles Weldon Barry, Jr., better known as ‘‘Buzzy,’’ took the reins. Upon Buzzy’s untimely death in 1991, his wife, Bonny, continued to run the business, persevering in the face of great difficulties in order to help her sons attend college. After all three Barry sons—Mitch, Patrick, and Brady—graduated, they each joined the family business and today oversee day- to-day operations as CEO, VP of oper-ations, and quality control manager re-spectively. With four locations in Breaux Bridge, Lafayette, New Iberia, and Opelousas, Barry Concrete is well-positioned to provide concrete for a range of jobs in the Acadiana region. Barry Concrete is a nimble operation that can pour con-crete on any scale, from residential driveways and wheelchair ramps to bridges, and even helped build the Uni-versity of Louisiana-Lafayette’s Cajundome. Congratulations, again, to the Barry family and the employees of Barry Concrete, Inc., for being selected as Small Business of the Week and for carrying on Louisiana’s tradition of family-owned small businesses. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING BRAIN FREEZE SNOWBALLS ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-isianians are constantly looking for a way to cool off from the summer heat, and one of the most popular ways to do so is by enjoying an ice-cold snowball. This week, I would like to recognize Brain Freeze Snowballs of Broussard, LA, as the Small Business of the Week. A stay-at-home mom, Kristi Broussard found herself with a lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.069 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6217 September 28, 2016 
extra time once her daughter was old enough to go to school. With the neigh-borhood snowball stand recently va-cated, Kristi and her husband, Colby, decided to buy the stand in 2014 and share their family’s 50-year-old snow-ball recipes with the local community, including the popular Cheesecake Stuffed Snowball. Kristi and Colby bought a bright orange trailer and parked it on West Main Street and, since its opening, has attracted a loyal clientele that grows each year. Today Brain Freeze Snowballs is in the process of expanding to a new port-able building, which will allow cus-tomers to try their snowballs without waiting in line on the side of a major road. The new building will com-plement the original bright orange trailer that is still used for local fairs and festivals. Congratulations again to Brain Freeze Snowballs for being selected as Small Business of the Week, and I look forward to your continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING CELTIC MEDIA CENTRE ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, the peo-ple and businesses of Louisiana have continued to display remarkable strength, perseverance, and selfless service throughout the ongoing flood-ing and fallout in the State. Celtic Media Centre is certainly no exception to this outpouring of help and deter-mination in its efforts to aid the com-munity, and for this reason, I would like to recognize this fine company as Small Business of the Week. Without its willingness to accommodate any and all victims at a moment’s notice, over 2,000 people would have been left to weather the catastrophe alone and with no roof over their heads. Celtic Media Centre, CMC, was found-ed by Brendan O’Connor in 2005 and has become the largest film and television production studio in the State of Lou-isiana. A Baton Rouge-based company, CMC originally catered exclusively to the smaller independent film industry. However, after continued success and expansion, the company now boasts an impressive resume, including major productions such as ‘‘True Blood’’ and ‘‘Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Parts 1 and 2.’’ Brendan’s son Michael took over as president and CEO after his fa-ther’s unfortunate passing in 2009, and Patrick Mulhearn was brought on as the executive director of studio oper-ations. Under their leadership, the stu-dio has blossomed into what it is today. The recent flooding in Louisiana is not the first time that Michael and Patrick teamed up to help the commu-nity. In 2012, after signing an agree-ment to aid the Red Cross during disas-ters, CMC provided shelter to over 500 Red Cross volunteers in the aftermath of Hurricane Isaac. This experience be-came vital for the much bigger task they had to face during the recent floods. Although no State or Federal contract was in place in advance, Mr. O’Connor gave Patrick the green light when a phone call came through from the Office of Emergency Preparedness at 3:05 a.m. August 14 to do whatever was necessary to help the increasing number of victims seeking shelter. De-spite no time to prepare, CMC opened all its facilities and the buses of evac-uees began to arrive at 5 a.m. Not only did Celtic take in over 4,000 evacuees at high water mark the first day and shel-tered over 2,500 at night, they also wel-comed all pets due to their long-standing pet-friendly policy. Although at first a struggle to provide anything but a roof and water, the operation ul-timately expanded to include countless generous individuals and other compa-nies throughout the area. Guests were able to enjoy a wide range of free des-serts, gourmet coffee, moon bounces for the kids, live music, and even a spe-cial visit from the LSU football team. In addition, CMC was not only willing to host these thousands of victims and families, but the last evacuees did not leave until 12 days later. During one of the most trying times in Louisiana his-tory, Celtic Media Centre not only showed its resolute dedication to the Louisiana community but did so for nearly 2 weeks straight. CMC is a re-markable example of true community spirit and selfless service. I would like to extend my humble gratitude to Celtic Media Centre for its tremendous efforts in service to the Louisiana families and communities affected by the horrific flooding. Ac-tions like theirs truly embodies the American spirit of unity and service that is required in such times of need. I wish them the best in their ongoing recovery efforts and continued growth and success in the business world. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING CENTRAL CRUDE OF LAKE CHARLES, LOUISIANA ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-isiana plays a major role in keeping our Nation powered up and running, and our natural resources industry pro-vides many crucial jobs to residents of the Bayou State. This week, I would like to recognize Central Crude of Lake Charles, LA, as Small Business of the Week. Central Crude was founded in 1974 with the goal of safely transporting crude oil while minimizing the envi-ronmental impact. Over the next two decades, Central Crude added numerous oil pipelines and terminals in order to expand their transportation capabili-ties and customer base in southwest Louisiana. In 2000, Central Crude ex-panded again by adding a state-of-the- art gas gathering system, which al-lowed them to provide full service ca-pabilities to the natural gas market for the first time. Today, Central Crude operates 7 pipe-lines, a 260,000-barrel tank farm, a rail and barge terminal, and a trucking di-vision. With the addition of these as-sets, Central Crude has been able to grow their business considerably, cre-ating even more Louisiana jobs. The company now participates in the mar-keting and transportation of natural gas along with crude. Under the leader-ship of CEO Steve Jordan, this small business’s consistent growth and ex-pansion has made the company the largest privately owned crude oil pur-chaser in Louisiana. In addition to the excellent services they provide to the oil industry, I would also like to recognize Central Crude for their commitment to the highest level of customer service through their honesty, integrity, and reliability and for their consideration to all aspects of the community in which they serve. Congratulations again to Central Crude for being se-lected as Small Business of the Week, and I look forward to your continued growth and success.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING CLEGG’S NURSERY AND NAYLOR’S HARDWARE AND GARDEN CENTER ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, in the ongoing fight to rebuild much of south Louisiana after the devastating losses we experienced from widespread flood-ing, I am proud of the perseverance, re-silience, and spirit of service clearly present amidst the efforts to restore and rejuvenate our great State. As such, I would like to recognize Clegg’s Nursery and Naylor’s Hardware and Garden Center of Baton Rouge, LA, as Small Business of the Week. Following the deadly, unprecedented flooding in south Louisiana this Au-gust, Clegg’s Nursery has permanently merged businesses with Naylor’s Hard-ware and Garden Center, whose facility was severely damaged. Their joint de-termination and commitment to help-ing other local businesses has inspired the Baton Rouge community to main-tain a positive and selfless attitude and continue to lend helping hands to friends and neighbors during this time of loss and recovery. In 1955, Sam and Effie Clegg founded Clegg’s Nursery in Baton Rouge, LA. They began by selling just a few plants from an empty lot on Florida Boule-vard, but this quickly led to the open-ing of a small garden center on North Donmoor in Baton Rouge’s Lobdell- Woodale neighborhood. In 1981, Sam Clegg sold the business to his son Mar-shall, who then expanded the family business to two other locations in Baton Rouge. In 1999, Clegg’s was again sold to current managers, Scott Ricca and Tom Fennell, who dedicated them-selves and the company to the same values, mission, and passion for gar-dening that both Sam and Effie Clegg envisioned over 40 years before. What started out as a plant stand in an empty lot has now developed into a wholesale growing operation with sev-eral locations throughout the Baton Rouge area. Today Clegg’s owns over 40,000 square feet of commercial greenhouse space, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.076 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6218 September 28, 2016 
with a dedicated staff committed to providing customers with the best lo-cally grown plants in Baton Rouge. Amidst the devastating thousand-year flood disaster that has plagued our State in recent weeks, Clegg’s has led by example and embodied the true spir-it of service, specifically through its aid to Naylor’s Hardware and Garden Center, another local hardware and garden store in the area. Following the storm, Naylor’s was left completely and irreparably destroyed. Clegg’s of-fered immediate help to its fellow com-pany by giving jobs to several of Naylor’s employees, including its owner, Johnny Naylor, and now is merging with the successful Naylor es-tablishment to continue to supply the Baton Rouge community with the same great products and customer service all under one roof. Despite the tragic circumstances, Naylor’s has found new life through Clegg’s, which is a prime example of service, unity, and true community support. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to the friends and families of Naylor’s for the loss of their busi-ness, while expressing profound admi-ration toward Clegg’s for its remark-able display of true Louisiana strength and helping others in the community during this time of need. I am honored to name Clegg’s Nursery and Naylor’s Hardware and Garden Center as Small Business of the Week. I wish them all the best during this time of recovery and look forward to seeing their new growth and success as they embark on a new business venture together. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING GREAT RAFT BREWING CO. ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, over the past several years, small locally owned breweries have exploded in popularity across the country, and Louisiana is no exception to this trend and is home to a number of small breweries that have gained regional and national success. As such, I would like to recognize Great Raft Brewing Co. of Shreveport, LA, as this week’s Small Business of the Week. In 2013, Andrew and Lindsay Nations opened Great Raft Brewing in Shreve-port’s historic Highland neighborhood with the mission of creating fresh craft beer that complemented the lifestyle and cultures of northwest Louisiana. Having fallen in love with craft beer while living in Washington, DC, the Nations set out to share their passion with their native northern Louisiana. In October 2013, Great Raft Brewing Co. made history by selling the first lo-cally made beer in Shreveport since Prohibition and quickly cemented themselves as a new pillar of their community. Named for the ‘‘Great Raft’’ logjam that once prevented travel along the Red River, Great Raft Brewing remains committed to their community, hosting numerous charity and festival events each year and representing northwest Louisiana culture at events around the county. In late 2013, Great Raft Brewing Co. opened their tasting room, originally serving their three flagship brews before expanding to offer a number of limited release and seasonal beers. In a span of 3 years, Great Raft Brewing Co. has been able to expand to a level that allows them to distribute their beer all around the State of Louisiana, as well as gar-nering regional and national success, including being recognized as one of the South’s Best Breweries by South-ern Living Magazine, a Best American Lager by Food & Wine Magazine, a Best Coffee Beers in the World by Men’s Journal, and numerous other recognitions in State, local, and na-tional publications. Congratulations to Great Raft Brew-ing for being named this week’s Small Business of the Week. I have no doubt that this local brewery will continue to thrive and provide great beer for the people of Louisiana in the years to come.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING HAIR FACTORY ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, in Lou-isiana, football is a way of life, with the players often competing to be seen as role models to the young folks in our community. The Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers, arguably one of the best college football teams in the country, is a prime example of this and boasts many outstanding play-ers that influence and inspire their community, State, and Nation. This week, I would like to recognize the ventures of one such student athlete as Small Business of the Week. For his commitment to serving the Baton Rouge community and inspiring entre-preneurship among young folks across Louisiana, I am very proud to honor Lewis Neal and Hair Factory of Baton Rouge, LA, as the Senate Small Busi-ness of the Week. North Carolina native Lewis Neal isn’t your typical entrepreneur. A sen-ior at LSU this year, Neal began his entrepreneurial endeavors in high school when he participated in day trading on the Foreign Exchange mar-ket, something he continues to do. Neal’s entrepreneurial talent led to him and a friend creating a smartphone app, and his love for the city of Baton Rouge inspired him to recently become co-owner of Hair Factory, joining Joan Campbell, whose family opened the local salon in 1986. After the police shooting in July rocked the Baton Rouge community, Neal and Campbell showed their commitment to their community by offering free Hair Fac-tory haircuts to local members of the military, along with first responders and their families. Congratulations to Lewis Neal, Joan Campbell, and the entire Hair Factory team for being selected as the Small Business of the Week, and I thank them for their commitment to the Baton Rouge community and providing for those who serve us daily. ∑ RECOGNIZING HAYES MANUFACTURING ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, for over 60 years, one small business based out of Pineville, LA, has played a major role in building central Louisiana and creating hundreds of jobs along the way. This week, I would like to recog-nize Hayes Manufacturing as Small Business of the Week. In the early 1950s, James Hayes, Sr., worked in a local fabrication shop and quickly realized that he could produce a better product on his own. Working out of his garage with a welding ma-chine mounted on a Model-T Ford, Hayes, Sr., established his namesake manufacturing small business in 1954. Over the next two decades, Hayes, Sr., acquired a small machine shop and suc-cessfully provided steel manufacturing products for central Louisiana. In 1972, his son James Hayes, Jr., joined the family business, and was shortly fol-lowed by his brother Cliff. Under their combined leadership and vision, Hayes Manufacturing has grown to become one of the highest regarded steel fab-rication shops in the south. Today Hayes Manufacturing is one of three divisions under the Hayes Com-panies, which is operated out of a 13- acre property in Pineville. Hayes Man-ufacturing regularly partners with the local community to give back. Fol-lowing the deadly, historic flooding in south Louisiana this August, Hayes Manufacturing organized volunteers to help Baton Rouge families repair their flooded homes. Hayes Manufacturing has also worked with the State and local governments in public-private partnerships that build Louisiana’s in-frastructure and grow hundreds of di-rect and indirect jobs. In 2011, as the CEO of the Hayes Companies, James Hayes, Jr., was awarded Small Busi-ness Person of the Year by the Central Louisiana Chamber of Commerce. Congratulations to the entire team at Hayes Manufacturing for being se-lected as Small Business of the Week, and I look forward to your continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOOK & BOIL ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, with the recovery of the south Louisiana com-munity underway, I would like to rec-ognize Hook & Boil of Broussard, LA, as Senate Small Business of the Week. The folks at Hook & Boil played a sig-nificant role in serving its neighbors during the recent devastating floods and its selfless action in the midst of such widespread devastation is a shin-ing example of the commitment to community and service among all Lou-isianians. Mark Alleman, a third-generation crawfish famer and chef, began his cul-inary career by starting his own cater-ing company, Cravin’ Cajun Seafood. His skillful combination of Cajun flair with a wide range of local ingredients caught on quickly, and its tremendous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.078 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6219 September 28, 2016 
success led Mark to expand his oper-ations into Hook & Boil, the full-scale restaurant and catering business we know today. The new Hook & Boil strives to provide the ultimate Cajun experience. This experience, however, would be incomplete without a strong bond and commitment to the greater Broussard community. This commitment was on full display during the recent fallout from the trag-ic flooding of southern Louisiana. De-spite waters rising to over an inch in his own house, Alleman and his team at Hook & Boil served over 2,000 meals to those in need. With a crew of three Hook & Boil employees and a few locals with high vehicles, the team delivered food to affected neighborhoods throughout the community. Although the Hook & Boil team was small, its impact was wide-ranging and felt throughout the entire city. This generosity and service is deserv-ing of the deepest gratitude and re-spect, and I would again like to give my sincerest thanks to Hook & Boil for its remarkable service and action dur-ing such a tragedy. This showcase of service has not only bolstered commu-nity pride but shines as a light and tre-mendous example of unity, compassion, and human spirit. I look forward to your continued growth and success. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING KELLY PLUMBING ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, family- owned small businesses are essential to keeping our homes and businesses run-ning and providing much needed jobs in our local communities. The skill set and level of service from these small businesses drive our communities to succeed and are the backbone for our economic success. This week, I would like to recognize Kelly Plumbing, Inc., of Monroe, LA, as Small Business of the Week for their commitment to cus-tomers and exceptional service in northeast Louisiana. Kelly Plumbing was founded in 1928 by Ernest and Vivian Kelly in their hometown of Monroe. Since 1928, the company’s focus on customer satisfac-tion not only makes them a premier plumbing service but has allowed them to survive the economic downturns and recessions that our Nation has faced since the Great Depression. After 88 years, the Kelly family continues to provide exceptional plumbing and home repair services to members of their community, building a successful business that offers its expertise to countless costumers in the Monroe and West Monroe communities. This suc-cess has allowed the owners to pass down their business for three genera-tions and is now currently operated by Bobby Kelly, Jr. Kelly Plumbing’s focus on customer and quality service has not gone unno-ticed, as they were awarded DeltaStyle Magazine’s ‘‘Best Plumbing Company’’ of 2016. This is further proof of the strength and success a small business can have in conjunction with hard work and maintaining strong family values. I once again would like to con-gratulate Kelly Plumbing, Inc., for their perseverance and am proud to honor them as Small Business of the Week. I look forward to seeing their continued growth and success. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING LAMULLE CONSTRUCTION, LLC ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, the suc-cess and stability of the Bayou State’s economy works largely in conjunction with the abundance of natural re-sources at our fingertips. Considering the variety of industries that work in and around Louisiana’s vast coastline, it is important to have a solid water infrastructure system in place. A vet-eran-owned small business based in Sli-dell, LA, has been building that water infrastructure for the citizens of south Louisiana for nearly 70 years. I would like to recognize Lamulle Construc-tion, LLC, as Small Business of the Week. It was during World War II when E.J. Lamulle served in the U.S. Army and learned the skill of pile driving. Lamulle’s regiment was responsible for building docks off islands in the Pacific Ocean so Allied ships could drop off supplies. After the war, Lamulle re-turned to Louisiana in 1947 to find his home devastated by a hurricane. When rebuilding his home, Lamulle used his pile driving skills to protect it from fu-ture storms, and when his neighbors took notice of his work, Lamulle inad-vertently started his namesake con-struction company. Over the next several decades, Lamulle Construction grew to spe-cialize in constructing residential and commercial waterfront projects, in-cluding bulkheads, docks, piers, and bridges. Today, E.J. Lamulle’s son David manages the family-owned small business, which has grown to employ 25 crewmembers and 8 administrators who maintain the high level of service and attention to detail that the company has become known for. Congratulations to the great team at Lamulle Construction for being se-lected as this week’s Small Business of the Week, and I look forward to your continued growth and success. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING LASYONE’S MEAT PIE RESTAURANT ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, down in the Bayou State, our generations-old recipes are well regarded and in high demand. This week I would like to rec-ognize Lasyone’s Meat Pie Restaurant of Natchitoches, LA, as Small Business of the Week, for their commitment to supporting the local economy and keeping the tradition of southern cook-ing alive and well. In the 1950s, James Lasyone was the butcher for the Live Oak Grocery and began experimenting with a meat pie recipe. In the years that followed, Lasyone’s recipe became a local favor-ite, which led to the 1967 opening of Lasyone’s Meat Pie Restaurant in his-toric downtown Natchitoches. A few years later, the editor of House Beau-tiful Magazine dropped in, and Lasyone’s Meat Pie Restaurant soon began receiving national recognition. Today Lasyone’s original recipe is a well-kept secret, but Chefs Angela Lasyone and Tina Lasyone Smith con-tinue to share meat pies with the com-munity, along with several other sta-ples of Southern cuisine, including crawfish pie, red beans and sausage, dirty rice, southern fried catfish, bread pudding with rum sauce, and chicken and dumplings. In their nearly 50 years of operation, Lasyone’s Meat Pie Res-taurant has been praised in national newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune and the New York Times, major television shows On the Road with Charles Kuralt and Good Morning America, and even in international publications from France, Italy, and Spain. Congratulations again to the Lasyone’s Meat Pie Restaurant for being selected as Small Business of the Week. I look forward to my next visit to Natchitoches to have another one of your delicious meat pies and wish the entire team at Lasyone’s continued growth and success.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING MAGGIO GROCERY AND DELI ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small businesses in Louisiana play a major role in their local communities and economy, and far more often than not, they support and showcase the values and livelihood of the people around them. In that spirit, I would to recog-nize Maggio Grocery and Deli of Bos-sier City, LA, as Small Business of the Week. In 1923, Sam and Mary Maggio opened Maggio Grocery along the Red River in Bossier City, LA. An Italian immigrant and World War I veteran, Sam built the grocery store with the goal of pro-viding his Bossier City neighbors with the highest quality groceries, meats, seafood, and service-with-a-smile one could find in the community. Even with a friendly rival grocery store across the street, Sam found success with Maggio Grocery and eventually passed the business along to his two sons, Joe and Charlie. These days Maggio Grocery is run by Charlie’s son, Vince, and his wife, Sharon, who work to make sure the family’s namesake grocery store maintains the same tra-ditions that have lasted three genera-tions. Even with the prolific growth of supermarkets, 93 years later, Maggio Grocery continues to thrive in north-west Louisiana and remains in its original location on Thompson Street. I would like to congratulate Maggio Grocery and Deli for being recognized as Small Business of the Week, and I look forward to their continued growth and success.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.082 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6220 September 28, 2016 
RECOGNIZING METALCRAFT MANUFACTURING ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, as this body continues to honor the impor-tance and contributions of the small business community across America, I would like to specifically recognize MetalCraft Manufacturing of Shreve-port, LA, as Small Business of the Week. After years of experience as an engi-neer and businessman, Todd Leleux ac-quired MetalCraft Manufacturing in 2008. Building upon his extensive back-ground in the oil and gas industry and MetalCraft’s history of providing top of the line metal manufacturing and cus-tomer service, Leleux quickly grew the company’s manufacturing in a few short years. With an increasing client base, Leleux sought to expand to La-fayette, LA, in 2011. During this proc-ess, he included Garland Champagne and Jeff Prejean as co-owners who brought over 70 combined years of ex-perience in down hole oil tools. Over the years, MetalCraft has helped provide high-quality products to industry leaders such as General Elec-tric, GE, and the Halliburton Company, while also delivering their signature level of service to all clients, regard-less of size. Today MetalCraft con-tinues to serve Louisiana with the highest level of expertise and crafts-manship to industry, ranging from ag-riculture to petroleum. MetalCraft has and will continue to offer quality em-ployment opportunities to Louisian-ians for many years to come. Congratulations again to MetalCraft Manufacturing for being selected as this week’s Small Business of the Week, and I look forward to your con-tinued growth and success.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MOONBOT STUDIOS ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small businesses have the unique ability to connect with and inspire members in their communities. It is especially noteworthy when these businesses are able to inspire their neighbors through a creative use of the arts. This week I am proud to honor Moonbot Studios of Shreveport, LA, as Small Business of the Week, for their commitment to captivating the imaginations of folks of all ages through beautiful animation and superb storytelling. In 2009, three visionary artists—Bill Joyce, Brandon Oldenburg, and Lampton Enochs—hatched a revolu-tionary idea: open a full-service design and production studio in Louisiana’s budding entertainment hub, Shreve-port, LA. The trio aimed for creating and producing visually stunning and intricately told stories for folks of all ages. Helmed by Joyce, a former illus-trator for Disney/Pixar, and Oldenburg and Enochs, two successful entertain-ment-industry professionals, the group began producing top-notch and award- winning animated short films and digitally animated books and cell phone apps. The experience of these talented professionals helped shape the first major animation studio in Lou-isiana. Today Moonbot has grown into an award-winning team of 50 employees ranging from animators, illustrators, and a large film and marketing team creating beautiful stories that capture the imaginations of folks both in Lou-isiana and around the world. Currently, the studio is working with Amazon Studios in creating and producing a new animated children’s show to be streamed on the popular Amazon Prime Web site. Additionally, the group boasts a number of prestigious awards including a handful of Emmy Awards and an Oscar for best animated short film with their original produc-tion ‘‘The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore.’’ Congratulations again to Moonbot Studios for being selected as Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your commitment to inspiring our next generation of Louisiana artists and storytellers. I look forward to seeing your continued growth and success. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING MORRIS & DICKSON CO. LLC ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, often-times the truest test of a small business’s strength is its longevity. In Louisiana, our small businesses have worked through countless challenges and survived for generations to im-prove the lives of their neighbors and make substantial contributions to the economy. In honor of their 175th anni-versary, I would like to present Morris & Dickson Co. LLC of Shreveport, LA, with the Senate Small Business Legacy Award for the important achievements of this Louisiana-based small business success story. In 1841, John Worthington Morris opened J. W. Morris & Co., an inde-pendent pharmacy in downtown Shreveport, LA. Working out of a sin-gle riverfront warehouse, J.W. first re-ceived goods by steamboat from New Orleans and with the help of his broth-er, Thomas Henry, ran his namesake small business until his death 12 years later. A second generation of the Mor-ris family continued J.W.’s legacy until Claudius Dickson bought the business in 1899, renaming it to be Morris & Dickson Co. Claudius worked with members of the Morris family to grow their wholesale pharmaceutical busi-ness. As technology improved, with new railway lines and gasoline-powered trucks, Morris & Dickson Co. embraced the revolutionary improvements to dis-tribute their pharmaceuticals in Lou-isiana and the surrounding States. In order to survive the Civil War, the Great Depression, as well as the day- to-day struggles of running a success-ful business, the leaders of Morris & Dickson Co. took advantage of each technological improvement to ensure the company would stay afloat. It wasn’t until the 1980s that Morris & Dickson Co. grew exponentially and became a nationally recognized com-petitor. At the time, Morris & Dickson Co. was working out of the same build-ing it had first moved into in 1905. Nearly eight decades later, they were still transporting goods in a manual freight elevator and used a dumbwaiter or rope bucket to send orders upstairs. Claudius’s son Markham Allen Dickson recognized that major changes had to be made and, much like his prede-cessors, had an immense respect for technology’s growing influence. M. Al-len’s foresight and ingenuity allowed the family-owned business to grow to become the region’s leading wholesale drug distributor. He moved the com-pany out of downtown Shreveport, uti-lized the early use of computers, and under his leadership, Morris & Dickson Co. exploded on the national wholesale pharmaceutical scene. By 2013, Morris & Dickson Co. was the fourth largest pharmaceutical distributor in the Na-tion. Still driven by the 175-year old ambi-tion to elevate the standard of patient care for their neighbors and commu-nity, today Morris & Dickson Co. is run by M. Allen’s son, Paul Dickson. Mor-ris & Dickson Co. has a well-earned reputation for persevering through many hardships by embracing innova-tion in order to harness the power of an ever-changing economy and increas-ingly technology-driven world. Today Morris & Dickson Co. provides operational and logistic innovation support for independent pharmacies. This includes everything from on-time delivery of pharmaceutical inventory to inventory management software. With Morris & Dickson Co.’s help, inde-pendent pharmacies in 14 States can focus on supporting and improving the health of their local communities, while also remaining financially sol-vent. This Shreveport-based family-run business is a great example of the American dream in action, and compa-nies like Morris & Dickson certainly serve as role models for the next gen-eration of entrepreneurs. I congratu-late the hard-working folks at Morris & Dickson Co. LLC on 175 years in busi-ness and for the well-deserved honor of the Senate Small Business Legacy Award.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING PARADISE OUTFITTERS, LLC ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, as I con-tinue to honor the success and con-tributions of the small business com-munity in the United States, I would like to honor the work of Paradise Out-fitters, LLC, located in Venice, LA, as this week’s Small Business of the Week. Paradise Outfitters, LLC, has become a premier deep sea charter fishing com-pany, not only in Louisiana but throughout the entire gulf region. Cap-tain Hunter Caballero opened his doors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.087 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6221 September 28, 2016 
almost a decade ago, following the dev-astation of Hurricane Katrina. An ac-complished angler who holds the Lou-isiana State record for big eye tuna, Captain Caballero’s work has been fea-tured in Saltwater Sportsman, Lou-isiana Sportsman, the Waterman’s Journal, among others. Captain Cabal-lero started with only one boat and a small crew but now has a fleet of 4 boats, employs 4 captains, and a crew of roughly 10 to 20 individuals, depend-ing on the fishing season. Paradise Outfitters delivers essential services in fishery management while contrib-uting to the commercial and economic development essential to keeping Lou-isiana competitive. I am proud to support Louisiana’s reputation as the ‘‘Sportsman’s Para-dise,’’ and companies like Paradise Outfitters, LLC, provide unparalleled services that help Louisiana uphold that moniker. In the wake of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and even during the BP oilspill in 2010, Captain Caballero and his crew continued providing a signifi-cant boost to our State’s irreplaceable tourism industry and have allowed us to showcase the unique and wonderful fishing opportunities that only Lou-isiana can provide. I would like to congratulate Paradise Outfitters, LLC, once more and thank their team for the services they have provided throughout our State’s most challenging times. I look forward to seeing their continued success and ap-plaud them for giving people the unique experiences one can only find in Louisiana.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING RENAISSANCE PUBLISHING, LLC ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, in my role as chairman of the Senate Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship, I am fortunate to come across entrepreneurs across the United States who have dedicated so much time and effort to creating jobs and boosting our Nation’s economy. This week, I would like to recognize Renais-sance Publishing, LLC, located in my hometown of Metairie, LA, as Small Business of the Week. Renaissance Publishing first opened its doors in Jefferson Parish in 2006. In the last 9 years, Todd Matherne has consistently provided folks across Lou-isiana with exceptional printing and publishing services and today employs over 50 people. With a guiding directive to ‘‘celebrate life’’ in each of Mr. Matherne’s publishing ventures, Ren-aissance Publishing has grown from producing custom publishing titles for local organizations to also owning and managing a handful of local magazines and periodicals, including MyNewOrleans.com, New Orleans Mag-azine, and Louisiana Life. As such, Renaissance Publishing has the latest information on what to do and what is going on in New Orleans. For his many achievements, Mr. Matherne was des-ignated as Small Business Person of the Year by Louisiana Economic Devel-opment in 2015. In recognition of their years of dedi-cation to growing jobs and contrib-uting to southern Louisiana’s eco-nomic development, I congratulate Renaissance Publishing, LLC, for being selected as Small Business of the Week.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING THREE BROTHERS FARM ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, the op-portunity to buy from local businesses affords consumers fresher and higher quality products, but it also gives them the chance to support the communities in which they operate. In that spirit, I am proud to recognize Three Brothers Farm of Youngsville, LA, as Small Business of the Week for their commit-ment to bringing high-quality locally grown products to restaurants and con-sumers all around the State of Lou-isiana. Three Brothers Farm in Lafayette Parish got its start in 1944 when it began producing fresh, all natural fig preservatives. They traveled to farm-er’s markets all across the State to bring their quality products to the masses. For years they enjoyed growth and success in the fig industry; how-ever, in 2005, when Hurricane Rita came ashore bringing 22 consecutive hours of salty gulf rain with it, Three Brothers Farm faced an unprecedented challenge. The result of such extended rain was devastating to the fig tree population on the farm and dramati-cally decreased Three Brothers Farm’s ability to produce enough figs to sup-ply the demand. Instead of giving up, the owners turned their efforts to a new endeavor and began to develop the sugar aspect of the business. Under this new direc-tion, the farm added an FDA-approved kitchen to be used to scrub raw sugar and thus be able to provide it to area restaurants and co-ops. Their venture paid off tremendously as they now have 29 acres of naturally produced sugar-cane and Celeste figs, which allows them to service some of the best res-taurants in Louisiana including the Besh Restaurant Group, Herbsaint, Cochon, and Le Petite Grocery, amongst many more. Congratulations again to Three Brothers Farm of Youngsville, LA, this week’s Small Business of the Week, for their dedication to providing Louisiana with ‘‘Certified Cajun’’ products and I look forward to your continued growth and sweet success.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING TOCE ENERGY, LLC ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, with the right tools, small businesses have the unique opportunity to drive economic growth and opportunity across the country, providing good-paying jobs in their communities. In energy-rich Lou-isiana, small oil and gas companies are no exception to this. This week I would like to recognize Toce Energy, LLC, of Lafayette, LA, as Small Business of the Week, for their commitment to spurring economic growth through the State’s distressed oil and gas industry. In 1997, after many successful years in the oil and gas industry, Victor and Paul Toce teamed up to found their namesake Toce Energy, LLC, in en-ergy-rich southwest Louisiana. Ini-tially offering services in acquisitions of oil and gas properties, Toce Energy quickly expanded their reach into neighboring parishes, spurring growth in the local communities in which they operate. Today Toce Energy boasts operations in 18 parishes across the southern re-gion of the State. Contracting over 500 vendors to support their operations in geology, geophysics, land, drilling, pro-duction, accounting, and legal services, the group provides scores of good-pay-ing jobs both in Louisiana’s struggling oil and natural gas industry and across various industries which serve the sec-tor. Congratulations again to Toce En-ergy for being selected as Small Busi-ness of the Week. Thank you for your commitment to Louisiana’s energy sec-tor and providing jobs for citizens of Louisiana. I look forward to seeing your continued growth and success. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING TRIPLE N OYSTER FARM ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-isiana is known for serving some of the best seafood in the world, and that in-cludes our locally grown and raised oysters. We are especially lucky in that many Louisianians are putting pen to paper in order to hammer out real solutions that will preserve, pro-tect, and rebuild our vulnerable coastal habitats that also give a boost to some of our richest industries. One such Lou-isiana-based business is this Small Business of the Week Triple N Oyster Farm. Biology professors at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Dr. Steve Pollock and Dr. Ginger Brininstool took the entrepreneurial leap in 2015 when the Grand Isle community sought new ways to farm oysters in the pop-ular coastal community. The husband and wife team worked together to de-velop an innovative new way to farm and harvest oysters with minimal dam-age to Louisiana’s vulnerable coastal habitats. By suspending their oyster habitats off the sea floor, Dr. Pollock and Dr. Brininstool experiment with alternative farming techniques that allow oysters to mature more quickly and cleanly than in traditional farming methods. Recently, Triple N Oyster Farm was selected to join a competitive impact accelerator program at Propeller, a popular New Orleans, LA, nonprofit or-ganization whose aim is to help start and grow entrepreneurial ventures in the greater New Orleans area. In this program, Dr. Pollock and Dr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.090 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6222 September 28, 2016 
Brininstool will join a small team of local startups to develop additional in-novative and entrepreneurial options to improve Louisiana’s coastal water management. Congratulations again to Triple N Oyster Farm for being selected as Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your commitment to inno-vating Louisiana’s rich seafood indus-try while preserving our vulnerable coast, and I look forward to your con-tinued growth and success.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 12:21 p.m., a message from the House of Representative, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment and an amendment to the title, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 253. An act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congres-sional oversight and reduce reporting bur-dens. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 1004. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to encourage the nationwide ob-servance of two minutes of silence each Vet-erans Day. S. 1698. An act to exclude payments from State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. S. 1878. An act to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. S. 2683. An act to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 954. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the in-dividual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO-OP) pro-gram. H.R. 5065. An act to direct the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to notify air carriers and secu-rity screening personnel of the Transpor-tation Security Administration of such Ad-ministration’s guidelines regarding permit-ting baby formula, breast milk, purified de-ionized water, and juice on airplanes, and for other purposes. H.R. 5391. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance certain du-ties of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice, and for other purposes. The message further announced that pursuant to section 703 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 903), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following in-dividual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Social Security Advisory Board for a term of 6 years, effective October 9, 2016: Ms. Kim Hildred of Alexandria, Virginia. The message also announced that pursuant to section 114(b) of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1103), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker ap-points the following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Trustees for John C. Sten-nis Center for Public Service Training and Development for a term of 6 years: Mr. Gregg Harper of Pearl, Mississippi. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:52 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1475. An act to authorize a Wall of Re-membrance as part of the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remem-brance. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 5:18 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 3283. An act to designate the commu-nity-based outpatient clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’. 
The message also announced that the House of Representatives having pro-ceeded to reconsider the bill (S. 2040) to deter terrorism, provide justice for vic-tims, and for other purposes, returned by the President of the United States with his objections, to the Senate, in which it originated, and passed by the Senate on reconsideration of the same, it was resolved, that the said bill do pass, two-thirds of the House of Rep-resentatives agreeing to pass the same. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 6:37 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1004. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to encourage the nationwide ob-servance of two minutes of silence each Vet-erans Day. S. 1698. An act to exclude payments from State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. S. 1878. An act to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. S. 2683. An act to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. H.R. 2494. An act to support global anti- poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. f MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5065. An act to direct the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to notify air carriers and secu-rity screening personnel of the Transpor-tation Security Administration of such Ad-ministration’s guidelines regarding permit-ting baby formula, breast milk, purified de-ionized water, and juice on airplanes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5391. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance certain du-ties of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 954. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the in-dividual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO–OP) pro-gram. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7000. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘System Safe-guards Testing Requirements for Derivatives Clearing Organizations’’ (RIN3038–AE29) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–7001. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Softwood Lumber Research, Promotion, Consumer Education and Industry Information Order; Revision of Time Frame for Continuance Referenda’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0054) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–7002. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyridaben; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9951–92) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.101 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6223 September 28, 2016 
2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7003. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tart Cher-ries Grown in the States of Michigan, et al.; Revision of Optimum Supply Requirements and Establishment of Inventory Release Pro-cedures’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0047) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–7004. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pistachios Grown in California, Arizona, and New Mex-ico; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0076) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7005. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Livestock, Poultry, and Seed Program, Agricultural Marketing Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendment to the Definition of ’Con-dition’ and Prerequisite Requirement for Shell Eggs Eligible for Grading and Certifi-cation Stated in the Regulations Governing the Voluntary Grading of Shell Eggs’’ (Dock-et No. AMS–LPS–15–0044) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 22, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7006. A communication from the Pro-gram Specialist of the Legislative and Regu-latory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap En-tities’’ (RIN1557–AD00) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7007. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-leasing Information; Availability of Records of the Farm Credit Administration; FOIA Fees’’ (RIN3052–AD18) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7008. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘System Safe-guards Testing Requirements’’ (RIN3038– AE30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7009. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Federal Agency Drug-Free Workplace Program’’ and certification relative to the provisions and requirements of section 503(c) of P.L. 100–71; to the Committees on Appropriations; and Finance. EC–7010. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of an alleged violation of the Antideficiency Act that occurred on Sep-tember 29, 2014, and April 7, 2015, in the Envi-ronmental Programs and Management ac-count; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–7011. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘TRICARE; Mental Health and Substance Use Disorder Treatment’’ (RIN0720–AB65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7012. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Qualification Standards for Enlistment, Appointment, and Induction’’ (RIN0790–AI78) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7013. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sexual Assault Prevention and Response (SAPR) Program Procedures’’ (RIN0790–AI36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 19, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7014. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Ted N. Branch, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7015. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran as declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7016. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ukraine that was originally declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7017. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to per-sons undermining democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe that was declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7018. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ven-ezuela that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7019. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency with respect to per-sons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism that was established in Executive Order 13224 on September 23, 2001; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7020. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Regulations and Legislation, Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Quid Pro Quo and Hostile Environment Harass-ment and Liability for Discriminatory Hous-ing Practices Under the Fair Housing Act’’ (RIN2529–AA94) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7021. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual Implementation Report on Energy Conserva-tion Standards Activities of the Department of Energy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7022. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Department of En-ergy Activities Relating to the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board, Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–7023. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Treatment of Indian Tribes in a Similar Manner as States for Purposes of Section 303(d) of the Clean Water Act’’ (FRL No. 9952–61–OW) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7024. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Promulgation of Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; State of Arkansas; Re-gional Haze and Interstate Visibility Trans-port Federal Implementation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9952–03–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7025. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Partial Dis-approval of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; Infrastructure SIP Requirements for 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9952–55–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7026. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Prong 4– 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, SO2, and 2012 PM2.5’’ (FRL No. 9952–72–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 20, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7027. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alabama and North Carolina; Interstate Transport—2010 NO2 Standards’’ (FRL No. 9952–74–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7028. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Species; Identi-fication of 14 Distinct Population Segments of the Humpback Whale (Megaptera novaeangliae) and Revision of Species-Wide Listing’’ (RIN0648–XC751) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 21, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7029. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the West Shore Lake Pontchartrain, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.016 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6224 September 28, 2016 
Louisiana Hurricane and Storm Damage Risk Reduction project; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7030. A communication from the Board Members, Railroad Retirement Board, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Board’s budget request for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7031. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clinical Trials Reg-istration and Results Information Submis-sion’’ (RIN0925–AA55) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7032. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removing Outmoded Regulations Regard-ing the Smallpox Vaccine Injury Compensa-tion Program’’ (RIN0906–AA84) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7033. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety and Effectiveness of Consumer Antiseptics; Topical Anti-microbial Drug Products for Over-the- Counter Human Use’’ ((RIN0910–AF69) (Dock-et No. FDA–1975–N–0012)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 19, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7034. A communication from the Senior Advisor to the Secretary Delegated the Du-ties of Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Priorities—Enhanced Assessment Instruments’’ ((CFDA No. 84.368A.) (Docket No. ED–2016–OESE–0004)) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7035. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Evidence from Excluded Medical Sources of Evidence’’ (RIN0960–AH92) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7036. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Announcement of the Results of the Phase III Allocation Round of the Qualifying Gasification Project Program’’ (Announcement 2016–34) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7037. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Announcement of Certification Resulting from the 2012–2013 Phase III Allocation Round of the Qualifying Advanced Coal Project Program’’ (An-nouncement 2016–33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7038. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit for Carbon Dioxide Sequestration; 2016 Section 45Q In-flation Adjustment Factor’’ (Notice 2016–53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7039. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of Address for Qualified Vehicle Submissions’’ (Notice 2016–51) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7040. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Foreign Tax Credit Guidance Under Section 909 Related to For-eign-Initiated Adjustments’’ (Notice 2016–52) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7041. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘applicable Federal Rates—October 2016’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–25) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7042. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Facilitating Com-pliance with Qualified Plan Document Re-quirements’’ (Announcement 2016–32) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7043. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifications to Minimum Present Value Requirements for Partial Annuity Distribution Options under Defined Benefit Pension Plans’’ ((RIN1545– BJ55) (TD 9783)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7044. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Treatment of Amounts Paid to Section 170(c) Organiza-tions Under Employer Leave-Based Donation Programs to Aid Victims of Severe Storms and Flooding in Louisiana that Began on Au-gust 11, 2016’’ (Notice 2016–55) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 22, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7045. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Medical Criteria for Evalu-ating Mental Disorders’’ (RIN0960–AF69) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 19, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7046. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting proposed legislation increasing the death gratuity for a Federal civilian em-ployee killed in the line of duty; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7047. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Administra-tive Justice in the District of Columbia: Rec-ommendations to Improve DC’s Office of Ad-ministrative Hearings’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7048. A communication from the Acting Director, Planning and Policy Analysis, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Rights for Transferred Employees under the Dodd-Frank Act Regarding Fed-eral Employees’ Group Life Insurance’’ (RIN3206–AM81) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7049. A communication from the Archi-vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Ad-ministration’s fiscal year 2016 Commercial Activities Inventory and Inherently Govern-mental Activities Inventory and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7050. A communication from the Direc-tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to applications for de-layed-notice search warrants and extensions during fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7051. A communication from the Fed-eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Changes to Patent Term Adjustment in view of the Federal Circuit Decision in Novartis v. Lee’’ (RIN0651–AC96) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 23, 2016; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–7052. A communication from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Authority to Solicit Gifts and Donations’’ (RIN2900–AP75) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–7053. A communication from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Authority to Solicit Gifts and Donations’’ (RIN2900–AP74) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–7054. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.3555(e) of the Commis-sion’s Rules, National Television Multiple Ownership Rule’’ ((MB Docket No. 13–236) (FCC 16–116)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7055. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Approach Regulations for Humpback Whales in Waters Surrounding the Islands of Hawaii Under the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act’’ (RIN0648–BF98) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 21, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7056. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.018 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6225 September 28, 2016 
Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Amendments and Recodification of Alaska Humpback Whale Approach Regu-lations’’ (RIN0648–BF31) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 21, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7057. A communication from the Senior Attorney, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Con-sumer Price Index Adjustments of Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 Limits of Liability—Vessels, Deepwater Ports, and Onshore Facilities’’ ((RIN1625–AC14) (Docket No. USCG–2013– 1006)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7058. A communication from the Chief of the Mobility Division, Wireless Tele-communications Bureau, Federal Commu-nications Commission, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of the Commission’s Rules Re-garding Maritime Radio Equipment and Re-lated Matters’’ ((WT Docket No. 14–36) (FCC 16–119)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 23, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7059. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), FM Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations (Eagle Butte, South Dakota)’’ ((MB Docket No. 16–182 ) (DA 16–1007)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 23, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7060. A communication from the Chief of the International Bureau, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘In the Matter of Amendment of the Commis-sion’s Space Station Licensing Rules and Policies’’ ((IB Docket No. 02–34) (FCC 16–108)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 23, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7061. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; General Provisions for Domestic Fisheries; Paralytic Shellfish Poisoning Closed Areas Expiring’’ (RIN0648–XD604) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7062. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ironman 70.3 Miami; Miami, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0483)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7063. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Shore (Belt) Parkway Bridge Construction, Mill Basin; Brooklyn, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 1044)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7064. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0117—2016–0122); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7065. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–065); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7066. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–077); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7067. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–059); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–206. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to currency; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. POM–207. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to constitutional conventions; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. *Christopher James Brummer, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 19, 2016. *Christopher James Brummer, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring June 19, 2021. *Brian D. Quintenz, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be a Commissioner of the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring April 13, 2020. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. ISAKSON: S. 3406. A bill to amend the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 to re-quire child care providers to provide to par-ents information regarding whether such providers carry liability insurance; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. ISAKSON , and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 3407. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of mili-tary trauma care providers to civilian trau-ma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such cen-ters, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 3408. A bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to provide grants for access to broadband telecommunications services in rural areas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 3409. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to include foster care tran-sition youth as members of a targeted group for purposes of the work opportunity credit; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. M
CCAIN: S. 3410. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct an independent review of the deaths of certain veterans by suicide, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. NELSON: S. 3411. A bill to prohibit the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency from taking administrative ac-tion to recover certain payments for disaster or emergency assistance, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. MARKEY: S. 3412. A bill to ban the use of bisphenol A in food containers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3413. A bill to authorize the extension of nondiscriminatory treatment (normal trade relations treatment) to the products of Kazakhstan; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. C
OATS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. S COTT): S. 3414. A bill to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Pal-estinian Authority to end violence and ter-rorism against Israeli citizens; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 3415. A bill to require Federal agencies to issue appropriate identification for the carrying of concealed firearms by qualified law enforcement officers and qualified re-tired law enforcement officers; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 3416. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify certain rules ap-plicable to qualified small issue manufac-turing bonds; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. E
NZI): S. 3417. A bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement and Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the electronic delivery of pension plan information; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 3418. A bill to provide for the restoration of legal rights for claimants under holo-caust-era insurance policies; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.020 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6226 September 28, 2016 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 3419. A bill to amend the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collection of video and audio recordings of biographical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a result of their service during a period of war, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. STABENOW: S. 3420. A bill to promote urban agricul-tural production, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
ROWN , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 3421. A bill to require air carriers to pro-vide all flight attendants with scheduled rest periods of at least 10 consecutive hours be-tween duty periods and to comply with fa-tigue management plans for flight attend-ants that have been approved by the Federal Aviation Administration; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 3422. A bill to require non-Federal pris-on, correctional, and detention facilities holding Federal prisoners or detainees under a contract with the Federal Government to make the same information available to the public that Federal prisons and correctional facilities are required to make available; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 3423. A bill to provide for the issuance of a ‘‘Gold Star Families Forever Stamp’’ to honor the sacrifices of families who have lost a loved one who was a member of the Armed Forces in combat; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. WARNER: S. 3424. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prevent the avoidance of tax by insurance companies through reinsur-ance with non-taxed affiliates; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. INHOFE: S. 3425. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the depreciation rules for property used pre-dominantly within an Indian reservation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 3426. A bill to provide nonprofit organi-zations and local governments with the op-portunity to match a bid with respect to the sale of certain non-performing loans by the Government-sponsored enterprises and the Federal Housing Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 3427. A bill to amend the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take action to eliminate human exposure to asbestos, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3428. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that new wind turbines located near certain military in-stallations are ineligible for the renewable electricity production credit and the energy credit; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. VITTER: S. 3429. A bill to delay the implementation of the overtime rule submitted by the De-partment of Labor entitled ‘‘Defining and Delimiting the Exemptions for Executive, Administrative, Professional, Outside Sales and Computer Employees’’ for a period of 2 years in States in which the President has declared that a major disaster exists; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. WYDEN , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 3430. A bill to establish the Bureau of Land Management Foundation to encourage, obtain, and use gifts, devises, and bequests for projects for the benefit of, or in connec-tion with, activities and services of the Bu-reau of Land Management, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 3431. A bill to coordinate and advance fi-brosis research activities at the National In-stitutes of Health, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 3432. A bill to reform the use of solitary confinement and other forms of restrictive housing in the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mrs. MURRAY: S. 3433. A bill to coordinate, manage, and implement the Department of Labor’s eval-uation and research programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 3434. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the provision of services and benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs for veterans who experience domestic violence or sexual assault, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 3435. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to protect and preserve access of Medicare beneficiaries in rural areas to health care providers under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 3436. A bill to prevent proposed regula-tions relating to restrictions on liquidation of an interest with respect to estate, gift, and generation-skipping transfer taxes from taking effect; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 3437. A bill to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. HELLER: S. 3438. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major med-ical facility project in Reno, Nevada; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PAUL: S. 3439. A bill to streamline the application process for H–2A employers and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3440. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide uniform stand-ards for the use of electronic signatures for third-party disclosure authorizations; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 3441. A bill to provide for the vacating of certain convictions and expungement of cer-tain arrests of victims of human trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: S. 3442. A bill to amend the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to provide for the re-lease of certain blocked assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 3443. A bill to prohibit the United States Government from making cash payments to state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. KIRK: S. 3444. A bill to clarify the hours of serv-ice requirements for education support pro-fessionals; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mrs. MURRAY , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 3445. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the enforcement of employment and reemployment rights of members of the uniformed services with re-spect to States and private employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 3446. A bill to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 regarding rem-edies and procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 3447. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Army to place in Arlington National Ceme-tery a memorial honoring the helicopter pi-lots and crew members of the Vietnam era, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. AYOTTE: S. 3448. A bill to provide for the creation of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel Records Collection at the National Archives, to re-quire the expeditious public transmission to the Archivist and the public disclosure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Ms. A
YOTTE , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): S. 3449. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a program for labeling cultural property of Iraq or Syria le-gally entering the United States; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN: S. 3450. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to include electric charging of certain vehicle as a qualified transpor-tation fringe benefit excluded from gross in-come; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN: S. 3451. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a refundable and advanceable tax credit for individuals with young children; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 3452. A bill to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emer-gency suspensions of post offices in accord-ance with certain procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. DAINES: S. 3453. A bill to amend provisions in the securities laws relating to regulation crowdfunding to raise the dollar amount limit and to clarify certain requirements and exclusions for funding portals established by such Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.024 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6227 September 28, 2016 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 3454. A bill to improve medication ad-herence; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. L
EE): S. 3455. A bill to allow for the expedited ap-proval of generic prescription drugs and tem-porary importation of prescription drugs in the case of noncompetitive drug markets and drug shortages; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, and Mr. S CHATZ ): S. 3456. A bill to establish the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 3457. A bill to establish Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services SBIR or STTR program grants which shall be known as Medicare commercialization grants; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 3458. A bill to establish programs to im-prove family economic security by breaking the cycle of multigenerational poverty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. M CCON-
NELL ): S. 3459. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to enhance the require-ments for secure geological storage of carbon dioxide for purposes of the carbon dioxide se-questration credit; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL: S. Res. 583. A resolution amending the Standing Rules of the Senate to ensure that the Senate votes on whether to confirm judi-cial nominees; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. Res. 584. A resolution acknowledging the peaceful hunger strike of Guillermo ‘‘El Coco’’ Farinas, a political dissident in Cuba, applauding his bravery and commitment to human rights, and expressing solidarity with him and his cause; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. Res. 585. A resolution designating Octo-ber 26, 2016, as ‘‘Day of the Deployed’’ ; con-sidered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. Res. 586. A resolution honoring the life of Jacob Wetterling and recognizing the ef-forts of Jacob Wetterling’s family to find ab-ducted children and support the families of those children; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. Res. 587. A resolution permitting the collection of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. DURBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C
OCHRAN , and Mr. B OOZMAN ): S. Res. 588. A resolution recognizing the month of October 2016 as ‘‘National Prin-cipals Month’’ ; considered and agreed to. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, and Mr. G RAHAM ): S. Res. 589. A resolution honoring the 50th anniversary of Reformed Theological Semi-nary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ): S. Con. Res. 52. A concurrent resolution honoring Vincent Edward ‘‘Vin’’ Scully, the United States baseball broadcaster who has magnificently served as the play-by-play an-nouncer for the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers for 67 Major League Baseball sea-sons since 1950; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. COCHRAN: S. Con. Res. 53. A concurrent resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325; considered and agreed to. By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. Con. Res. 54. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress and reaffirm-ing longstanding United States policy in sup-port of a direct bilaterally negotiated settle-ment of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and opposition to United Nations Security Coun-cil resolutions imposing a solution to the conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 50 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 50, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activities. 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 71, a bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality to-wards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects. 
S. 241 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 241, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the pay-ment of temporary compensation to a surviving spouse of a veteran upon the death of the veteran, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 370 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 370, a bill to require breast den-sity reporting to physicians and pa-tients by facilities that perform mam-mograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physi-cian assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to super-vise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 609 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 609, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and in-crease the exclusion for benefits pro-vided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1400 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1400, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to direct the task force of the Office of Veterans Business Devel-opment to provide access to and man-age the distribution of excess or sur-plus property to veteran-owned small businesses. 
S. 1677 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1677, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reinstate es-tate and generation-skipping taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.027 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6228 September 28, 2016 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2040 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2040, a bill to deter terrorism, pro-vide justice for victims, and for other purposes. 
S. 2176 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2176, a bill to expand the use of open textbooks in order to achieve savings for students. 
S. 2253 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2253, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide veterans affected by closures of edu-cational institutions certain relief and restoration of educational benefits, and for other purposes. 
S. 2484 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2484, a bill to amend titles XVIII and XI of the Social Secu-rity Act to promote cost savings and quality care under the Medicare pro-gram through the use of telehealth and remote patient monitoring services, and for other purposes. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2506, a bill to restore statutory rights to the people of the United States from forced arbitration. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2645 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2645, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. GRASSLEY ), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to provide comprehensive men-tal health reform, and for other pur-poses. At the request of Mrs. M
URRAY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2680, supra. 
S. 2750 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2750, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provi-sions. 
S. 2851 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2851, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for an-nual cost-of-living adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for sur-vivors of certain service-connected dis-abled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2957, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint com-memorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the Moon. 
S. 2962 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2962, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 2989 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2989, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 3034 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3034, a bill to prohibit the Na-tional Telecommunications and Infor-mation Administration from allowing the Internet Assigned Numbers Au-thority functions contract to lapse un-less specifically authorized to do so by an Act of Congress. 
S. 3039 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. SCHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3039, a bill to support programs for mosquito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and control. 
S. 3043 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3043, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program establishing a patient self- scheduling appointment system, and for other purposes. 
S. 3095 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 3095, a bill to prohibit sale of shark fins and for other purposes. 
S. 3106 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3106, a bill to provide a coordinated re-gional response to effectively manage the endemic violence and humani-tarian crisis in El Salvador, Guate-mala, and Honduras. 
S. 3127 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3127, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protec-tions of Native American cultural ob-jects, and for other purposes. 
S. 3142 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) were added as cosponsors of S. 3142, a bill to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holo-caust era assets and related issues. 
S. 3164 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3164, a bill to provide protection for survivors of domestic violence or sexual assault under the Fair Housing Act. 
S. 3177 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3177, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax-exempt financing of certain government-owned buildings. 
S. 3179 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3179, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove and extend the credit for carbon dioxide sequestration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.029 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6229 September 28, 2016 
S. 3183 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3183, a bill to prohibit the circumven-tion of control measures used by Inter-net ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes. 
S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3198, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 3227 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3227, a bill to direct the President to establish an interagency mechanism to coordinate United States develop-ment programs and private sector in-vestment activities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3256 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3256, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to pro-vide assistance for developing coun-tries to promote quality basic edu-cation and to establish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objective of the United States foreign assistance policy, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3269 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3269, a bill to require the Attorney General to make a determination as to whether cannabidiol should be a con-trolled substance and listed in a sched-ule under the Controlled Substances Act and to expand research on the po-tential medical benefits of cannabidiol and other marijuana components. 
S. 3281 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3281, a bill to extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. 
S. 3284 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3284, a bill to oppose loans at inter-national financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking ef-fective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 3288 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3288, a bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to ex-empt certain recipients of Department of Agriculture conservation assistance from certain reporting requirements, and for other purposes. S. 3292 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3292, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to make the Postmaster General the importer of record for the non-letter class mail and to require the provision of advance electronic infor-mation about shipments of non-letter class mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and for other purposes. 
S. 3304 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3304, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line. 
S. 3308 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3308, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit prescription drug plan spon-sors and MA–PD organizations under the Medicare program from retro-actively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies. 
S. 3311 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3311, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt in-dividuals whose health plans under the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan program have been terminated from the individual mandate penalty. 
S. 3355 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3355, a bill to prohibit funding for the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Trea-ty Organization in the event the United Nations Security Council adopts a resolution that obligates the United States or affirms a purported obligation of the United States to re-frain from actions that would run counter to the object and purpose of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty. 
S. 3391 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3391, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 3392 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3392, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to im-prove the process whereby Medicare Administrative Contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare Program, and for other pur-poses. S. 3405 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Alas-ka (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3405, a bill to trans-fer certain items from the United States Munitions List to the Com-merce Control List. 
S. CON. RES. 51 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 51, a concurrent resolu-tion expressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, har-bors, and territorial seas of the Repub-lic of Vietnam during the period begin-ning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be presumed to have been exposed to the toxin Agent Orange and should be eligible for all re-lated Federal benefits that come with such presumption under the Agent Or-ange Act of 1991. 
S. RES. 536 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 536, a resolution proclaiming the week of October 30 through Novem-ber 5, 2016, as ‘‘National Obesity Care Week’’. 
S. RES. 570 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 570, a resolution recog-nizing the importance of substance abuse disorder treatment and recovery in the United States. 
S. RES. 581 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 581, a resolution prohibiting the Senate from adjourning, recessing, or convening in a pro forma session un-less the Senate has provided a hearing and a vote on the pending nomination to the position of justice of the Su-preme Court of the United States. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3428. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that new wind turbines located near certain military installations are ineligible for the renewable electricity production credit and the energy credit; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.031 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6230 September 28, 2016 
There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3428 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protection of Military Airfields from Wind Turbine En-croachment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NEW WIND TURBINES LOCATED NEAR CERTAIN MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 45(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting the following: ‘‘Such term shall not in-clude— ‘‘(A) any facility with respect to which any qualified small wind energy property expend-iture (as defined in subsection (d)(4) of sec-tion 25D) is taken into account in deter-mining the credit under such section, or ‘‘(B) any facility which is originally placed in service after the date of the enactment of the Protection of Military Airfields from Wind Turbine Encroachment Act and is lo-cated within a 30-mile radius of— ‘‘(i) an airfield or airbase under the juris-diction of a military department which is in active use, or ‘‘(ii) an air traffic control radar site, weather radar site, or aircraft navigation aid which is— ‘‘(I) owned or operated by the Department of Defense, and ‘‘(II) a permanent land-based structure at a fixed location.’’. (b) Q
UALIFIED SMALL WINDENERGY PROP-
ERTY .—Paragraph (4) of section 48(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D), and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘qualifying small wind energy property’ shall not in-clude any property which is originally placed in service after the date of the enactment of the Protection of Military Airfields from Wind Turbine Encroachment Act and is lo-cated within a 30-mile radius of any property described in clause (i) or (ii) of section 45(d)(1)(B).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 3432. A bill to reform the use of solitary confinement and other forms of restrictive housing in the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to introduce the Sol-itary Confinement Reform Act, a bill that would make significant reforms to the use of solitary confinement in fed-eral prisons and encourage states to implement similar reforms. Before I discuss what this legislation would do, let me explain why I am introducing it. Several years ago, I read an article in the New Yorker magazine entitled ‘‘Hellhole.’’ This article was written by Dr. Atul Gawande, a medical doctor who examined the human impact of long-term solitary confinement in American prisons. In this article, Dr. Gawande asked: If prolonged isolation is—as research and experience have confirmed for decades—so objectively horrifying, so intrinsically cruel, how did we end up with a prison system that may subject more of our own citizens to it than any other country in history has? 
At the time, I was serving as Chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Sub-committee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Human Rights, and I de-cided to hold a hearing on solitary con-finement—the first-ever congressional hearing on the topic. It turned out to be a hearing that I will never forget. One of our witnesses at the hearing was Anthony Graves. I will never for-get Mr. Graves’ testimony. He spent 18 years in prison, including 16 years in solitary confinement. In 2010, he be-came the 12th death row inmate to be exonerated in Texas. Think about that—Mr. Graves spent 16 years in soli-tary for a crime he didn’t commit. At the hearing, Mr. Graves testified about his experience, and here is what he said: 
I lived under some of the worst conditions imaginable with the filth, the food, the total disrespect of human dignity. I lived under the rules of a system that is literally driving men out of their minds. 
He went on to say: 
Solitary confinement does one thing, it breaks a man’s will to live and he ends up de-teriorating. He’s never the same person again. . . . I have been free for almost two years and I still cry at night, because no one out here can relate to what I have gone through. I battle with feelings of loneliness. I’ve tried therapy but it didn’t work. The therapist was crying more than me. She couldn’t believe that our system was putting men through this sort of inhumane treat-ment. 
I think that sentiment echoed through the minds of everyone in the hearing room as Mr. Graves gave his testimony. We couldn’t believe that our system was putting inmates through this sort of inhumane treat-ment. Mr. Graves’ story shed light on the damaging impact of holding tens of thousands of men, women, and children in small windowless cells 23 hours a day—for weeks, months, years—with very little, if any, contact with the outside world. Clearly, such extreme isolation can have serious psycho-logical effects on inmates. At the hearing, we also examined the serious fiscal impact of solitary con-finement. We learned that in a federal high security facility, the cost of hous-ing an inmate in segregation is about 1.3 times the cost of housing an inmate in a general population unit. At the Federal supermax prison in Florence, CO, the cost of housing an inmate in segregation is more than 2.5 times the cost of housing an inmate in the gen-eral population. Is this a wise use of taxpayer dollars when the money we spend on our Federal prisons already consumes one quarter of the Depart-ment of Justice’s budget every year? So every dollar that we spend holding a prisoner in solitary confinement is a dollar that we don’t spend on commu-nity policing, crime prevention, and drug treatment. We also discussed the significant pub-lic safety consequences of widespread solitary confinement. Some people might ask, ‘‘What happens in our pris-ons doesn’t affect me, so why should I care?’’ But consider this—the vast ma-jority of inmates held in segregation will be released into our communities someday. So if solitary confinement destabilizes prisoners and makes them more likely to engage in violence or other criminal conduct, then that af-fects all of us. Two years after my first hearing, I held a follow-up hearing. At that hear-ing, we heard from Damon Thibodeaux, who spent 15 years in solitary confine-ment at the Louisiana State Peniten-tiary before he was exonerated in 2012. Mr. Thibodeaux testified: I do not condone what those who have killed and committed other serious offenses have done. But I also don’t condone what we do to them, when we put them in solitary for years on end and treat them as sub-human. We are better than that. As a civilized soci-ety, we should be better than that. 
Mr. Thibodeaux was right. We should be better than that. Thankfully, our society is beginning to recognize that the widespread use of solitary confine-ment in our prison system must change. In 2014, Supreme Court Justice An-thony Kennedy testified to Congress that, quote, ‘‘solitary confinement lit-erally drives men mad.’’ Last year, Justice Kennedy again brought up the issue in a powerful concurring opinion. He wrote, quote, ‘‘research still con-firms what this Court suggested over a century ago: Years on end of near-total isolation exacts a terrible price.’’ He went on to note that, quote, ‘‘the judi-ciary may be required . . . to deter-mine whether workable alternative systems for long-term confinement exist, and, if so, whether a correctional system should be required to adopt them.’’ Pope Francis has also criticized soli-tary confinement. In a 2014 speech at the Vatican, he referred to the practice of extreme isolation as ‘‘torture’’ and ‘‘a genuine surplus of pain added to the actual suffering of imprisonment.’’ He went on to say: 
The lack of sensory stimuli, the total im-possibility of communication and the lack of contact with other human beings induce mental and physical suffering such as para-noia, anxiety, depression, weight loss, and significantly increase the suicidal tendency. 
I still don’t fully understand how our society reached a point at which the overuse of solitary confinement be-came acceptable, or normal. But I know that we need to do something about it. In light of the mounting evidence of the harmful, even dangerous, impacts of solitary confinement, states around the country have led the way in reas-sessing the practice. Take Colorado, for example, which has implemented a number of critical reforms. Colorado no longer releases offenders directly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.033 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6231 September 28, 2016 
from solitary to the community and no longer places inmates with serious mental illness in solitary. Have these reforms made Colorado’s prisons less safe? No, in fact since Colorado changed its solitary confinement prac-tices, inmate-on-staff assaults are at their lowest levels since 2006, incidents of self-harm have decreased, and most inmates released from solitary are not returning. Progress has been made at the Fed-eral level as well. After my 2014 hear-ing I called for an end to solitary con-finement for juveniles, pregnant women, and inmates with serious men-tal illness in our federal prisons. I also asked the Federal Bureau of Prisons to submit for the first time to an outside independent assessment of its solitary confinement practices. The assess-ment, released last year, noted that some improvements have been made since the hearing, most importantly in the declining number of inmates in sol-itary confinement. The assessment also made a number of recommendations for additional reforms, such as improv-ing mental health care for inmates in segregation and establishing alter-natives to segregation for inmates in protective custody. BOP began taking steps to address these issues following the release of the assessment. Last year, building upon this inde-pendent assessment, the Department of Justice undertook a review of the Bu-reau of Prisons’ use of solitary confine-ment. This January, President Obama announced that he had accepted a num-ber of DOJ’s recommendations to re-form and reduce the practice of soli-tary confinement in the Federal prison system—including implementing the ban on juvenile solitary confinement that I called for in 2014. I welcome the reforms that the Presi-dent announced, and I am glad to see that the Bureau of Prisons is making some progress in implementing these reforms. However, our Federal prison system is still housing more than 10,000 inmates in segregation as I speak. The number of inmates in solitary confine-ment since my first hearing has de-creased from about 13,600 to about 10,400. But the number of total Federal prisoners has also dropped significantly since 2012. So the percentage of Federal prisoners in solitary has only gone down from 7.8 percent to 6.7 percent. Clearly, there is much more work to be done. That is why Senator C
OONS and I are joining together to introduce the Soli-tary Confinement Reform Act. This legislation will build on the Justice De-partment’s recommendations to fur-ther reform and reduce the use of soli-tary confinement in Federal prisons. Our bill ensures that inmates are only placed in solitary confinement when absolutely necessary—such as to control a substantial and immediate threat to the safety of other inmates or corrections staff, or to punish an in-mate for a significant and serious dis-ciplinary violation. Our bill also improves the conditions of confinement for prisoners in solitary and establishes firm time limits on segregation, in order to combat long- term isolation. However, we recognize that some extremely dangerous in-mates require long-term separation from the general population. That’s why our bill ensures that BOP can con-tinue to separate those inmates who pose the greatest risk to other in-mates, staff, and the general public. Among the most important provi-sions in our bill are the strict limits on the use of solitary confinement for in-mates nearing their release date, in-mates in protective custody, LGBT in-mates, and inmates who are minors, have a serious mental illness, have an intellectual or physical disability, or are pregnant or in the first eight weeks of postpartum recovery after birth. For inmates who are placed in seg-regated housing, our bill improves ac-cess to mental health care and ensures that a robust review process is in place. Additionally, our bill increases trans-parency and accountability by requir-ing the Attorney General to establish a Civil Rights Ombudsman within the Bureau of Prisons to review inmate complaints, and directing BOP to sub-mit an annual assessment to Congress detailing their solitary confinement policies, regulations, and data. Finally, our bill establishes a National Re-source Center on Solitary Confinement Reform that would provide vital re-sources to state and local jurisdictions as corrections systems around the country pursue reductions in solitary confinement. I want to thank Senator COONS for working with me on this legislation, and Senators B
OOKER , L EAHY , and F
RANKEN for joining as original cospon-sors of the bill. I also want to thank the ACLU, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Human Rights Watch, Just Detention International, Cam-paign for Youth Justice, Center for Children’s Law and Policy, Human Rights Campaign, National Alliance on Mental Illness, National Religious Campaign Against Torture, Bend the Arc Jewish Action, Interfaith Action for Human Rights, T’ruah: The Rab-binic Call for Human Rights, and Wash-ington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs for endorsing the Solitary Confinement Reform Act. This legislation is one of many steps we should take to reform our criminal justice system and make our country safer, more just, and more fiscally re-sponsible. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Solitary Confinement Reform Act. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3432 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Solitary Confinement Reform Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SOLITARY CONFINEMENT REFORMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4050. Solitary confinement ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATIVE MAXIMUM FACILITY .— The term ‘administrative maximum facility’ means a maximum-security facility, includ-ing the Administrative Maximum facility in Florence, Colorado, designed to house in-mates who present an ongoing significant and serious threat to other inmates, staff, and the public. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE SEGREGATION .—The term ‘administrative segregation’ means a non-punitive form of solitary confinement that removes an individual from the general population of a correctional facility for— ‘‘(A) investigative, protective, or preventa-tive reasons resulting in a substantial and immediate threat; or ‘‘(B) transitional reasons, including a pend-ing transfer, pending classification, or other temporary administrative matter. ‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE LEVEL OF CARE .—The term ‘appropriate level of care’ means the appropriate treatment setting for mental health care that an inmate with mental ill-ness requires, which may include outpatient care, emergency or crisis services, day treat-ment, supported residential housing, infir-mary care, or inpatient psychiatric hos-pitalization services. ‘‘(4) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘(5) D
ISCIPLINARY HEARING OFFICER .—The term ‘disciplinary hearing officer’ means an employee of the Bureau of Prisons who is re-sponsible for conducting disciplinary hear-ings for which solitary confinement may be a sanction, as described in section 541.8 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. ‘‘(6) D
ISCIPLINARY SEGREGATION .—The term ‘disciplinary segregation’ means a punitive form of solitary confinement imposed only by a Disciplinary Hearing Officer as a sanc-tion for committing a significant and serious disciplinary infraction. ‘‘(7) I
NTELLECTUAL DISABILITY .—The term ‘intellectual disability’ means a significant mental impairment characterized by signifi-cant limitations in both intellectual func-tioning and in adaptive behavior. ‘‘(8) M
ULTIDISCIPLINARY STAFF COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘multidisciplinary staff committee’ means a committee— ‘‘(A) made up of staff at the facility where an inmate resides who are responsible for re-viewing the initial placement of the inmate in solitary confinement and any extensions of time in solitary confinement; and ‘‘(B) which shall include— ‘‘(i) not less than 1 licensed mental health professional; ‘‘(ii) not less than 1 medical professional; and ‘‘(iii) not less than 1 member of the leader-ship of the facility. ‘‘(9) O
NGOING SIGNIFICANT AND SERIOUS  
THREAT .—The term ‘ongoing significant and serious threat’ means an ongoing set of cir-cumstances that require the highest level of security and staff supervision for an inmate who, by the behavior of the inmate— ‘‘(A) has been identified as assaultive, predacious, riotous, or a serious escape risk; and ‘‘(B) poses a great risk to other inmates, staff, and the public. ‘‘(10) P
ROTECTION CASE .—The term ‘protec-tion case’ means an inmate who, by the re-quest of the inmate or through a staff deter-mination, requires protection, as described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.039 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6232 September 28, 2016 
by section 541.23(c)(3) of title 28, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor thereto. ‘‘(11) S
ERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS .—The term ‘serious mental illness’ means a substantial disorder of thought or mood that signifi-cantly impairs judgment, behavior, capacity to recognize reality, or ability to cope with the ordinary demands of life. ‘‘(12) S
IGNIFICANT AND SERIOUS DISCIPLINARY  
INFRACTION .—The term ‘significant and seri-ous disciplinary infraction’ means— ‘‘(A) an act of violence that either— ‘‘(i) resulted in or was likely to result in serious injury or death to another; or ‘‘(ii) occurred in connection with any act of non-consensual sex; or ‘‘(B) an escape, attempted escape, or con-spiracy to escape from within a security pe-rimeter or custody, or both; or ‘‘(C) possession of weapons, possession of illegal narcotics with intent to distribute, or other similar, severe threats to the safety of the inmate, other inmates, staff, or the pub-lic. ‘‘(13) S
OLITARY CONFINEMENT .—The term ‘solitary confinement’ means confinement characterized by substantial isolation in a cell, alone or with other inmates, including administrative segregation, disciplinary seg-regation, and confinement in any facility designated by the Bureau of Prisons as a spe-cial housing unit, special management unit, or administrative maximum facility. ‘‘(14) S
PECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE MEASURES .— The term ‘special administrative measures’ means reasonably necessary measures used to— ‘‘(A) prevent disclosure of classified infor-mation upon written certification to the At-torney General by the head of an element of the intelligence community (as specified or designated under section 3(4) of the National Security act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) that the unauthorized disclosure of such informa-tion would pose a threat to the national se-curity and that there is a danger that the in-mate will disclose such information, as de-scribed by section 501.2 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor there-to; or ‘‘(B) protect persons against the risk of death or serious bodily injury, upon written notification to the Director by the Attorney General or, at the Attorney General’s direc-tion, by the head of a Federal law enforce-ment agency, or the head of an element of the intelligence community (as specified or designated under section 3(4) of the National Security act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))), that there is a substantial risk that the commu-nications of an inmate or contacts by the in-mate with other persons could result in death or serious bodily injury to persons, or substantial damage to property that would entail the risk of death or serious bodily in-jury to persons, as described by section 501.3 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. ‘‘(15) S
PECIAL HOUSING UNIT .—The term ‘special housing unit’ means a housing unit in an institution of the Bureau of Prisons in which inmates are securely separated from the general inmate population for discipli-nary or administrative reasons, as described in section 541.21 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. ‘‘(16) S
PECIAL MANAGEMENT UNIT .—The term ‘special management unit’ means a non-punitive housing program with multiple, step-down phases for inmates whose history, behavior, or situation requires enhanced management approaches in order to ensure the safety of other inmates, the staff, and the public. ‘‘(17) S
UBSTANTIAL AND IMMEDIATE  
THREAT .—The term ‘substantial and imme-diate threat’ means any set of temporary and unforeseen circumstances that require immediate action in order to combat a threat to the safety of an inmate, other in-mates, staff, or the public. ‘‘(b) USE OF SOLITARY CONFINEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The placement of a Fed-eral inmate in solitary confinement within the Bureau of Prisons or any facility that contracts with the Bureau of Prisons to pro-vide housing for inmates in Federal custody shall be limited to situations in which such confinement— ‘‘(A) is limited to the briefest term and the least restrictive conditions practicable, in-cluding not less than 4 hours of out-of-cell time every day, unless the inmate poses a substantial and immediate threat; ‘‘(B) is consistent with the rationale for placement and with the progress achieved by the inmate; ‘‘(C) allows the inmate to participate in meaningful programming opportunities and privileges as consistent with those available in the general population as practicable, ei-ther individually or in a classroom setting; ‘‘(D) allows the inmate to have as much meaningful interaction with others, such as other inmates, visitors, clergy, or licensed mental health professionals, as practicable; and ‘‘(E) complies with the provisions of this section. ‘‘(2) T
RANSITIONAL PROCESS FOR INMATES IN  
SOLITARY CONFINEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
NMATES WITH UPCOMING RELEASE  
DATES .—The Director shall establish— ‘‘(i) policies to ensure that an inmate with an anticipated release date of 180 days or less is not housed in solitary confinement, un-less— ‘‘(I) such confinement is limited to not more than 5 days of administrative segrega-tion relating to the upcoming release of the inmate; or ‘‘(II) the inmate poses a substantial and immediate threat; and ‘‘(ii) a transitional process for each inmate with an anticipated release date of 180 days or less who is held in solitary confinement under clause (i)(II), which shall include— ‘‘(I) substantial re-socialization program-ming in a group setting; ‘‘(II) regular mental health counseling to assist with the transition; and ‘‘(III) re-entry planning services offered to inmates in a general population setting. ‘‘(B) I
NMATES IN LONG -TERM SOLITARY CON -
FINEMENT .—The Director shall establish a transitional process for each inmate who has been held in solitary confinement for more than 30 days and who will transition into a general population unit, which shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) substantial re-socialization program-ming in a group setting; and ‘‘(ii) regular mental health counseling to assist with the transition. ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTIVE CUSTODY UNITS .—The Di- rector— ‘‘(A) shall establish within the Federal prison system additional general population protective custody units that provide shel-tered general population housing to protect inmates from harm that they may otherwise be exposed to in a typical general population housing unit; ‘‘(B) shall establish policies to ensure that an inmate who is considered a protection case shall, upon request of the inmate, be placed in a general population protective custody unit; ‘‘(C) shall create an adequate number of general population protective custody units to— ‘‘(i) accommodate the requests of inmates who are considered to be protection cases; and ‘‘(ii) ensure that inmates who are consid-ered to be protection cases are placed in fa-cilities as close to their homes as prac-ticable; and ‘‘(D) may not place an inmate who is con-sidered to be a protection case in solitary confinement due to the status of the inmate as a protection case unless— ‘‘(i) the inmate requests to be placed in sol-itary confinement, in which case, at the re-quest of the inmate the inmate shall be transferred to a general population protec-tive custody unit or, if appropriate, a dif-ferent general population unit; or ‘‘(ii) such confinement is limited to— ‘‘(I) not more than 5 days of administrative segregation; and ‘‘(II) is necessary to protect the inmate during preparation for transfer to a general population protective custody unit or a dif-ferent general population unit. ‘‘(4) VULNERABLE POPULATIONS .—The Bu- reau of Prisons or any facility that contracts with the Bureau of Prisons shall not place an inmate in solitary confinement if— ‘‘(A) the inmate is younger than 18 years of age, unless— ‘‘(i) such confinement is a temporary re-sponse to the behavior of the inmate, which poses a substantial and immediate threat; ‘‘(ii) all other options to de-escalate the situation have been exhausted, including less restrictive techniques such as— ‘‘(I) penalizing the inmate through loss of privileges; ‘‘(II) speaking with the inmate in an at-tempt to de-escalate the situation; and ‘‘(III) a licensed mental health professional providing an appropriate level of care; ‘‘(iii) such confinement is limited to— ‘‘(I) 3 hours after the inmate is placed in solitary confinement, if the inmate poses a substantial and immediate threat to others; or ‘‘(II) 30 minutes after the inmate is placed in solitary confinement, if the inmate poses a substantial and immediate threat only to himself or herself; and ‘‘(iv) if, after the applicable maximum pe-riod of confinement under subclause (I) or (II) of clause (iii) has expired, the inmate continues to pose a substantial and imme-diate threat described in that subclause— ‘‘(I) the inmate shall be transferred to an-other facility or internal location where services can be provided to the inmate with-out relying on solitary confinement; or ‘‘(II) if a qualified mental health profes-sional believes the level of crisis service needed is not currently available, a staff member of the facility shall initiate a refer-ral to a location that can meet the needs of the inmate; ‘‘(B) the inmate has a serious mental ill-ness, has an intellectual disability, has a physical disability that a licensed medical professional finds is likely to be exacerbated by placement in solitary confinement, is pregnant or in the first 8 weeks of the post- partum recovery period after giving birth, or has been determined by a licensed mental health professional to likely be significantly adversely affected by placement in solitary confinement, unless— ‘‘(i) the inmate poses a substantial and im-mediate threat; ‘‘(ii) all other options to de-escalate the situation have been exhausted, including less restrictive techniques such as— ‘‘(I) penalizing the inmate through loss of privileges; ‘‘(II) speaking with the inmate in an at-tempt to de-escalate the situation; and ‘‘(III) a licensed mental health professional providing an appropriate level of care; ‘‘(iii) such confinement is limited to the briefest term and the least restrictive condi-tions practicable, including access to med-ical and mental health treatment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.035 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6233 September 28, 2016 
‘‘(iv) such confinement is reviewed by a multidisciplinary staff committee for appro-priateness every 24 hours; and ‘‘(v) as soon as practicable, but not later than 5 days after such confinement begins, the inmate is diverted, upon release from solitary confinement, to— ‘‘(I) a general population unit; ‘‘(II) a protective custody unit described in paragraph (3); or ‘‘(III) a mental health treatment program as described in subsection (c)(2); or ‘‘(C) the inmate is lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (as defined in section 115.5 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto), intersex (as defined in section 115.5 of title 28, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, or any successor thereto), or gender nonconforming (as defined in section 115.5 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto), when such placement is solely on the basis of such identification or status. ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL HOUSING UNITS .—The Director shall— ‘‘(A) limit administrative segregation— ‘‘(i) to situations in which such segrega-tion is necessary to— ‘‘(I) control a substantial and immediate threat that cannot be addressed through al-ternative housing; or ‘‘(II) temporarily house an inmate pending transfer, pending classification, or pending resolution of another temporary administra-tive matter; and ‘‘(ii) to a duration of not more than 15 con-secutive days, and not more than 20 days in a 60-day period, unless— ‘‘(I) the inmate requests to remain in ad-ministrative segregation under paragraph (3)(D)(i); or ‘‘(II) in order to address the continued ex-istence of a substantial and immediate threat, a multidisciplinary staff committee approves a temporary extension, which— ‘‘(aa) may not be longer than 15 days; and ‘‘(bb) shall be reviewed by the multidisci-plinary staff committee every 3 days during the period of the extension, in order to con-firm the continued existence of the substan-tial and immediate threat; ‘‘(B) limit disciplinary segregation— ‘‘(i) to situations in which such segrega-tion is necessary to punish an inmate who has been found to have committed a signifi-cant and serious disciplinary infraction by a Disciplinary Hearing Officer and alternative sanctions would not adequately regulate the behavior of the inmate; and ‘‘(ii) to a duration of not more than 30 con-secutive days, and not more than 40 days in a 60-day period, unless a multidisciplinary staff committee, in consultation with the Disciplinary Hearing Officer who presided over the inmate’s disciplinary hearing, de-termines that the significant and serious dis-ciplinary infraction of which the inmate was found guilty is of such an egregious and vio-lent nature that a longer sanction is appro-priate and approves a longer sanction, which— ‘‘(I) may be not more than 60 days in a spe-cial housing unit if the inmate has never be-fore been found guilty of a similar signifi-cant and serious disciplinary infraction; or ‘‘(II) may be not more than 90 days in a special housing unit if the inmate has pre-viously been found guilty of a similar signifi-cant and serious disciplinary infraction; ‘‘(C) ensure that any time spent in admin-istrative segregation during an investigation into an alleged offense is credited as time served for a disciplinary segregation sen-tence; ‘‘(D) ensure that concurrent sentences are imposed for disciplinary violations arising from the same episode; and ‘‘(E) ensure that an inmate may be re-leased from disciplinary segregation for good behavior before completing the term of the inmate, unless the inmate poses a substan-tial and immediate threat to the safety of other inmates, staff, or the public. ‘‘(6) SPECIAL MANAGEMENT UNITS .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(A) limit segregation in a special manage-ment unit to situations in which such seg-regation is necessary to temporarily house an inmate whose history, behavior, or cir-cumstances require enhanced management approaches that cannot be addressed through alternative housing; ‘‘(B) evaluate whether further reductions to the minimum and maximum number of months an inmate may spend in a special management unit are appropriate on an an-nual basis; ‘‘(C) ensure that each inmate understands the status of the inmate in the special man-agement unit program and how the inmate may progress through the program; and ‘‘(D) further reduce the minimum and max-imum number of months an inmate may spend in a special management unit if the Director determines such reductions are ap-propriate after evaluations are performed under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATIVE MAXIMUM FACILITIES .— The Director shall— ‘‘(A) limit segregation in an administra-tive maximum facility to situations in which such segregation is necessary to— ‘‘(i) implement special administrative measures, as directed by the Attorney Gen-eral; or ‘‘(ii) house an inmate who poses an ongoing significant and serious threat to the safety of other inmates, staff, or the public that cannot be addressed through alternative housing; and ‘‘(B) issue final approval of referral of any inmate who poses an ongoing significant and serious threat for placement in an Adminis-trative Maximum facility, including the United States Penitentiary Administrative Maximum in Florence, Colorado. ‘‘(8) R
IGHT TO REVIEW PLACEMENT IN SOLI -
TARY CONFINEMENT .—The Director shall en-sure that each inmate placed in solitary con-finement has access to— ‘‘(A) written notice thoroughly detailing the basis for placement or continued place-ment in solitary confinement not later than 6 hours after the beginning of such place-ment, including— ‘‘(i) thorough documentation explaining why such confinement is permissible and necessary under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) if an exception under paragraph (2)(A), (3)(D), (4)(A), (4)(B), (4)(C), (5)(A), or (5)(B) is used to justify placement in solitary confine-ment or under paragraph (1) to justify in-creased restrictive conditions in solitary confinement, thorough documentation ex-plaining why such an exception applied; ‘‘(B) a timely, thorough, and continuous review process that— ‘‘(i) occurs within not less than 3 days of placement in solitary confinement, and thereafter at least— ‘‘(I) on a weekly basis for inmates in spe-cial housing units; ‘‘(II) on a monthly basis for inmates in spe-cial management units; and ‘‘(III) on a monthly basis for inmates at an administrative maximum facility; ‘‘(ii) includes private, face-to-face inter-views with a multidisciplinary staff com-mittee; and ‘‘(iii) examines whether— ‘‘(I) placement in solitary confinement was and remains necessary; ‘‘(II) the conditions of confinement comply with this section; and ‘‘(III) whether any exception under para-graph (2)(A), (3)(D), (4)(A), (4)(B), (4)(C), (5)(A), or (5)(B) used to justify placement in solitary confinement or under paragraph (1) used to justify increased restrictive condi-tions in solitary confinement was and re-mains warranted; ‘‘(C) a process to appeal the initial place-ment or continued placement of the inmate in solitary confinement; ‘‘(D) prompt and timely written notice of the appeal procedures; and ‘‘(E) copies of all documents, files, and records relating to the inmate’s placement in solitary confinement, unless such docu-ments contain contraband, classified infor-mation, or sensitive security-related infor-mation. ‘‘(c) MENTAL HEALTH CARE FOR INMATES IN  S
OLITARY CONFINEMENT .— ‘‘(1) M
ENTAL HEALTH SCREENING .—Not later than 6 hours after an inmate in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons or any facility that contracts with the Bureau of Prisons to pro-vide housing for inmates in Federal custody is placed in solitary confinement, the inmate shall receive a comprehensive, face-to-face mental health evaluation by a licensed men-tal health professional in a confidential set-ting. ‘‘(2) M
ENTAL HEALTH TREATMENT PRO -
GRAM .—An inmate diagnosed with a serious mental illness after an evaluation required under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall not be placed in solitary confine-ment in accordance with subsection (b)(4); and ‘‘(B) may be diverted to a mental health treatment program within the Bureau of Prisons that provides an appropriate level of care to address the inmate’s mental health needs. ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUING EVALUATIONS .—After each 14-calendar-day period an inmate is held in continuous placement in solitary confine-ment— ‘‘(A) a licensed mental health professional shall conduct a comprehensive, face-to-face, out-of-cell mental health evaluation of the inmate in a confidential setting; and ‘‘(B) the Director shall adjust the place-ment of the inmate in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Director shall op-erate mental health treatment programs in order to ensure that inmates of all security levels with serious mental illness have ac-cess to an appropriate level of care. ‘‘(d) T
RAINING FOR BUREAU OF PRISONS  S
TAFF .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING .—All employees of the Bu-reau of Prisons or any facility that contracts with the Bureau of Prisons to provide hous-ing for inmates in Federal custody who interact with inmates on a regular basis shall be required to complete training in— ‘‘(A) the recognition of symptoms of men-tal illness; ‘‘(B) the potential risks and side effects of psychiatric medications; ‘‘(C) de-escalation techniques for safely managing individuals with mental illness; ‘‘(D) consequences of untreated mental ill-ness; ‘‘(E) the long- and short-term psycho-logical effects of solitary confinement; and ‘‘(F) de-escalation and communication techniques to divert inmates from situations that may lead to the inmate being placed in solitary confinement. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION TO MEDICAL STAFF .—An employee of the Bureau of Prisons shall im-mediately notify a member of the medical or mental health staff if the employee— ‘‘(A) observes an inmate with signs of men-tal illness, unless such employee has knowl-edge that the inmate’s signs of mental ill-ness have previously been reported; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.035 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6234 September 28, 2016 
‘‘(B) observes an inmate with signs of men-tal health crisis. ‘‘(e) C
IVILRIGHTS OMBUDSMAN .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Within the Bureau of Prisons, there shall be a position of the Civil Rights Ombudsman (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘Ombudsman’) and an Office of the Civil Rights Ombudsman. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Ombudsman shall be appointed by the Attorney General and shall report directly to the Director. The Ombudsman shall have a background in cor-rections and civil rights and shall have ex-pertise on the effects of prolonged solitary confinement. ‘‘(3) R
EPORTING .—The Director shall ensure that each Bureau of Prisons facility or any facility that contracts with the Bureau of Prisons provides multiple internal ways for inmates and others to promptly report civil rights violations and violations of this sec-tion to the Ombudsman, including— ‘‘(A) not less than 2 procedures for inmates and others to report civil rights violations and violations of this section to an entity or office that is not part of the facility, and that is able to receive and immediately for-ward inmate reports to the Ombudsman, al-lowing the inmate to remain anonymous upon request; and ‘‘(B) not less than 2 procedures for inmates and others to report civil rights abuses and violations of this section to the Ombudsman in a confidential manner, allowing the in-mate to remain anonymous upon request. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE .—The Director shall ensure that each Bureau of Prisons facility or any facility that contracts with the Bureau of Prisons provides inmates with— ‘‘(A) notice of how to report civil rights violations and violations of this section in accordance with paragraph (3), including— ‘‘(i) notice prominently posted in the living and common areas of each such facility; ‘‘(ii) individual notice to inmates at initial intake into the Bureau of Prisons, when transferred to a new facility, and when placed in solitary confinement; ‘‘(iii) notice to inmates with disabilities in accessible formats; and ‘‘(iv) written or verbal notice in a language the inmate understands; and ‘‘(B) notice of permissible practices related to solitary confinement in the Bureau of Prisons, including the requirements of this section. ‘‘(5) F
UNCTIONS .—The Ombudsman shall— ‘‘(A) review all complaints the Ombudsman receives; ‘‘(B) investigate all complaints that allege a civil rights violation or violation of this section; ‘‘(C) refer all possible violations of law to the Department of Justice; ‘‘(D) refer to the Director allegations of misconduct involving Bureau of Prisons staff; ‘‘(E) identify areas in which the Bureau of Prisons can improve the Bureau’s policies and practices to ensure that the civil rights of inmates are protected; ‘‘(F) identify areas in which the Bureau of Prisons can improve the solitary confine-ment policies and practices of the Bureau and reduce the use of solitary confinement; and ‘‘(G) propose changes to the policies and practices of the Bureau of Prisons to miti-gate problems and address issues the Om-budsman identifies. ‘‘(6) A
CCESS .—The Ombudsman shall have unrestricted access to Bureau of Prisons fa-cilities and any facility that contracts with the Bureau of Prisons and shall be able to speak privately with inmates and staff. ‘‘(7) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— ‘‘(A) O
BJECTIVES .—Not later than Decem-ber 31 of each year, the Ombudsman shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report on the activities of the Office of the Ombuds-man for the fiscal year ending in such cal-endar year. ‘‘(B) CONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) contain full and substantive analysis, in addition to statistical information; ‘‘(ii) identify the recommendations the Of-fice of the Ombudsman has made on address-ing reported civil rights violations and viola-tions of this section and reducing the use and improving the practices of solitary con-finement in the Bureau of Prisons; ‘‘(iii) contain a summary of problems re-lating to reported civil rights violations and violations of this section, including a de-tailed description of the nature of such prob-lems and a breakdown of where the problems occur among Bureau of Prisons facilities and facilities that contract with the Bureau of Prisons; ‘‘(iv) contain an inventory of the items de-scribed in clauses (ii) and (iii) for which ac-tion has been taken and the result of such action; ‘‘(v) contain an inventory of the items de-scribed in clauses (ii) and (iii) for which ac-tion remains to be completed and the period during which each item has remained on such inventory; ‘‘(vi) contain an inventory of the items de-scribed in clauses (ii) and (iii) for which no action has been taken, the period during which each item has remained on such inven-tory, the reasons for the inaction, and shall identify any official of the Bureau of Prisons who is responsible for such inaction; ‘‘(vii) contain recommendations for such legislative or administrative action as may be appropriate to resolve problems identified in clause (iii); and ‘‘(viii) include such other information as the Ombudsman determines necessary. ‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION OF REPORTS .—Each report required under this paragraph shall be pro-vided directly to the Committees described in subparagraph (A) without any prior re-view, comment, or amendment from the Di-rector or any other officer or employee of the Department of Justice or Bureau of Pris-ons. ‘‘(8) R
EGULAR MEETINGS WITH THE DIRECTOR  
OF THE BUREAU OF PRISONS .—The Ombudsman shall meet regularly with the Director to identify problems with reported civil rights violations and the solitary confinement poli-cies and practices of the Bureau of Prisons, including overuse of solitary confinement, and to present recommendations for such ad-ministrative action as may be appropriate to resolve problems relating to reported civil rights violations and the solitary confine-ment policies and practices of the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘(9) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF BUREAU OF PRIS -
ONS.—The Director shall establish proce-dures requiring that, not later than 3 months after the date on which a recommendation is submitted to the Director by the Ombuds-man, the Director or other appropriate em-ployee of the Bureau of Prisons issue a for-mal response to the recommendation. ‘‘(10) N
ON-APPLICATION OF THE PRISON LITI -
GATION REFORM ACT .—Inmate reports sent to the Ombudsman shall not be considered an administrative remedy under section 7(a) of the Civil Rights of Institutionalized Persons Act (42 U.S.C. 1997e(a)).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4049 the following: ‘‘4050. Solitary confinement.’’. SEC. 3. REASSESSMENT OF INMATE MENTAL HEALTH. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall— (1) assemble a team of licensed mental health professionals, which may include li-censed mental health professionals who are not employed by the Bureau of Prisons, to conduct a comprehensive mental health re-evaluation for each inmate held in solitary confinement for more than 30 days as of the date of enactment of this Act, including a confidential, face-to-face, out-of-cell inter-view by a licensed mental health profes-sional; and (2) adjust the placement of each inmate in accordance with section 4050(c) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 2. 
SEC. 4. DIRECTOR OF BUREAU OF PRISONS. 
Section 4041 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before the ‘‘The Bureau of Prisons shall be’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) O
MBUDSMAN .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall— ‘‘(1) meet regularly with the Ombudsman appointed under section 4050(e) to identify how the Bureau of Prisons can address re-ported civil rights violations and reduce the use of solitary confinement and correct prob-lems in the solitary confinement policies and practices of the Bureau; ‘‘(2) conduct a prompt and thorough inves-tigation of each referral from the Ombuds-man under section 4050(e)(5)(D), after each such investigation take appropriate discipli-nary action against any Bureau of Prisons employee who is found to have engaged in misconduct or to have violated Bureau of Prisons policy, and notify the Ombudsman of the outcome of each such investigation; and ‘‘(3) establish procedures requiring a for-mal response by the Bureau of Prisons to any recommendation of the Ombudsman in the annual report submitted under section 4050(e)(6) not later than 90 days after the date on which the report is submitted to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 5. DATA TRACKING OF USE OF SOLITARY CONFINEMENT. 
Section 4047 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) P
RISON SOLITARY CONFINEMENT AS-
SESSMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31 of each year, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall prepare and transmit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives an annual assess-ment of the use of solitary confinement by the Bureau of Prisons, as defined in section 4050(a). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each assessment sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) the policies and regulations of the Bu-reau of Prisons, including any changes in policies and regulations, for determining which inmates are placed in each form of sol-itary confinement, or housing in which an inmate is separated from the general popu-lation in use during the reporting period, and a detailed description of each form of soli-tary confinement in use, including all max-imum and high security facilities, all special housing units, all special management units, all Administrative Maximum facilities, in-cluding the United States Penitentiary Ad-ministrative Maximum in Florence, Colo-rado, and all Communication Management Units; ‘‘(B) the number of inmates in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons who are housed in each type of solitary confinement for any pe-riod and the percentage of all inmates who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.035 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6235 September 28, 2016 
have spent at least some time in each form of solitary confinement during the reporting period; ‘‘(C) the demographics of all inmates housed in each type of solitary confinement described in subparagraph (A), including race, ethnicity, religion, age, and gender; ‘‘(D) the policies and regulations of the Bu-reau of Prisons, including any updates in policies and regulations, for subsequent re-views or appeals of the placement of an in-mate into or out of solitary confinement; ‘‘(E) the number of reviews of and chal-lenges to each type of solitary confinement placement described in subparagraph (A) conducted during the reporting period and the number of reviews or appeals that di-rectly resulted in a change of placement; ‘‘(F) the general conditions and restric-tions for each type of solitary confinement described in subparagraph (A), including the number of hours spent in ‘isolation,’ or re-straint, for each, and the percentage of time these conditions involve single-inmate hous-ing; ‘‘(G) the mean and median length of stay in each form of solitary confinement de-scribed in subparagraph (A), based on all in-dividuals released from solitary confinement during the reporting period, including max-imum and high security facilities, special housing units, special management units, the Administrative Maximum facilities, in-cluding the United States Penitentiary Ad-ministrative Maximum in Florence, Colo-rado, Communication Management Units, and any maximum length of stay during the reporting period; ‘‘(H) the number of inmates who, after a stay of 5 or more days in solitary confine-ment, were released directly from solitary confinement to the public during the report-ing period; ‘‘(I) the cost for each form of solitary con-finement described in subparagraph (A) in use during the reporting period, including as compared with the average daily cost of housing an inmate in the general population; ‘‘(J) statistics for inmate assaults on cor-rectional officers and staff of the Bureau of Prisons, inmate-on-inmate assaults, and staff-on-inmate use of force incidents in the various forms of solitary confinement de-scribed in subparagraph (A) and statistics for such assaults in the general population; ‘‘(K) the policies for mental health screen-ing, mental health treatment, and subse-quent mental health reviews for all inmates, including any update to the policies, and any additional screening, treatment, and moni-toring for inmates in solitary confinement; ‘‘(L) a statement of the types of mental health staff that conducted mental health assessments for the Bureau of Prisons during the reporting period, a description of the dif-ferent positions in the mental health staff of the Bureau of Prisons, and the number of part- and full-time psychologists and psychi-atrists employed by the Bureau of Prisons during the reporting period; ‘‘(M) data on mental health and medical indicators for all inmates in solitary con-finement, including— ‘‘(i) the number of inmates requiring medi-cation for mental health conditions; ‘‘(ii) the number diagnosed with an intel-lectual disability; ‘‘(iii) the number diagnosed with serious mental illness; ‘‘(iv) the number of suicides; ‘‘(v) the number of attempted suicides and number of inmates placed on suicide watch; ‘‘(vi) the number of instances of self-harm committed by inmates; ‘‘(vii) the number of inmates with physical disabilities, including blind, deaf, and mobil-ity-impaired inmates; and ‘‘(viii) the number of instances of forced feeding of inmates; and ‘‘(N) any other relevant data.’’. 
SEC. 6. NATIONAL RESOURCE CENTER ON SOLI-TARY CONFINEMENT REDUCTION AND REFORM. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an entity, or a partnership of entities, that has demonstrated expertise in the fields of— (1) solitary confinement, including the re-duction and reform of its use; and (2) providing technical assistance to cor-rections agencies on how to reduce and re-form solitary confinement. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Justice Assistance shall enter into a cooperative agreement, on a competitive basis, with an eligible entity for the purpose of establishing a coordinating center for State, local, and Federal corrections sys-tems, which shall conduct activities such as— (1) provide on-site technical assistance and consultation to Federal, State, and local cor-rections agencies to safely reduce the use of solitary confinement; (2) act as a clearinghouse for research, data, and information on the safe reduction of solitary confinement in prisons and other custodial settings, including facilitating the exchange of information between Federal, State, and local practitioners, national ex-perts, and researchers; (3) create a minimum of 10 learning sites in Federal, State, and local jurisdictions that have already reduced their use of solitary confinement and work with other Federal, State, and local agencies to participate in training, consultation, and other forms of as-sistance and partnership with these learning sites; (4) conduct evaluations of jurisdictions that have decreased their use of solitary con-finement to determine best practices; (5) conduct research on the effectiveness of alternatives to solitary confinement, such as step-down or transitional programs, strate-gies to reintegrate inmates into general pop-ulation, the role of officers and staff culture in reform efforts, and other research rel-evant to the safe reduction of solitary con-finement; (6) develop and disseminate a toolkit for systems to reduce the excessive use of soli-tary confinement; (7) develop and disseminate an online self- assessment tool for State and local jurisdic-tions to assess their own use of solitary con-finement and identify strategies to reduce its use; and (8) conduct public webinars to highlight new and promising practices. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The program under this section shall be administered by the Bu-reau of Justice Assistance. (d) R
EPORT .—On an annual basis, the co-ordinating center shall report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on its activities and any changes in solitary confinement policy at the Federal, State, or local level that have resulted from its activities. (e) D
URATION .—The Bureau of Justice As-sistance shall enter into a cooperative agree-ment under this section for 5 years. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated— (1) to the Director of the Bureau of Prisons such sums as may be necessary to carry out sections 2, 3, 4, and 5, and the amendments made by such sections; and (2) to the Bureau of Justice Assistance such sums as may be necessary to carry out section 6. SEC. 8. NOTICE AND COMMENT REQUIREMENT. 
The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall prescribe rules, in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
SEC. 9. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
S. 342 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise to speak about an urgent and long over-due reform to address how the United States houses and treats prison in-mates in our Federal criminal justice system. We are losing millions of Ameri-cans—disproportionately African- American men—to a criminal justice system that robs them of any meaning-ful opportunity to find gainful employ-ment or participate in our democracy after they served their time. Fortunately, Americans across the country have come to recognize that our so-called criminal justice system is broken. Here in the Senate, I am en-couraged that many of my colleagues, including Senator D
URBIN , Senator B
OOKER , and many others have joined together in support of a broad bipar-tisan bill entitled the Sentencing Re-form and Corrections Act. Our criminal justice system should be about justice and rehabilitation, not just punish-ment. Passing this Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act would be a signifi-cant step in that direction. Today I have come to talk about a specific and targeted bill that Senators D
URBIN , B
OOKER , LEAHY , FRANKEN , and I are in-troducing. Far too often Federal inmates find themselves placed in 6-by-8-foot cells for 23 hours a day in solitary confine-ment, colloquially called restrictive housing units. These units are intended to segregate dangerous prisoners from the rest of the prison population or to punish individuals for crimes or mis-deeds committed behind bars, but when one looks at the actual evidence sur-rounding the use of solitary confine-ment, they find it doesn’t actually stop or reduce crime or bad behavior and it doesn’t keep us safer. What it does cause is lasting, often irreparable, harm to those inmates subjected to it, and oftentimes it makes it harder for them to later successfully reenter soci-ety after they served their time. Senator D
URBIN , who was to join me and Senator B
OOKER on the floor this afternoon but for a change of schedule, first held hearings on this topic when he was Chair of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights. He held a hearing on solitary confine-ment—the first-ever congressional hearing on the topic—back in 2012. In fact, he held two hearings. He left a note for me that says at one of his first hearings on solitary confinement, one of the witnesses was a man named An-thony Graves, whose testimony forever 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.035 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6236 September 28, 2016 
affected the Senator from Illinois. An-thony spent 18 years in prison, includ-ing 16 years in solitary confinement. In 2010, he became the 12th death row in-mate to be exonerated in the State of Texas. Think about that. Mr. Graves spent 16 years in solitary confinement for a crime he was later proved never to have committed. At that hearing, Mr. Graves testified about his experience, and here is what he said: 
I lived under some of the worst conditions imaginable, with the filth, the food, the total disrespect of dignity. I lived under the rules of a system that literally drives men out of their minds. 
He later said: 
Solitary confinement does one thing—it breaks a man’s will and he ends up deterio-rating. He is never the same person again. 
In those hearings, Senator D URBIN  asked: How big is the impact of soli-tary confinement in our prison system? It is difficult to determine exactly how many inmates are housed in these so- called restrictive settings. One recent study estimated as many as 80,000 State and Federal inmates in total. In my home State of Delaware, 453 in-mates, about 8 percent of our State prison population, were held in restric-tive housing units in 2015. Nearly one- third of them were receiving mental health treatment. To fully understand the extent to which our prisons utilize solitary con-finement, we need to look at not just the total number of inmates being placed in restrictive housing but the duration of time they spend there. One recent report by the nonpartisan Vera Institute of Justice found that in-mates, even those not overly disruptive or violent, stay for long periods of time—months or years. In Washington State, in 2011, the av-erage length of stay in solitary con-finement was 11 months. In the State of Texas, in 2013, the average stay was 4 years. The overwhelming majority of indi-viduals sentenced to prison will return to our communities. Rehabilitating those who have paid their debt to soci-ety is a key goal of our criminal justice system, and that is why we shouldn’t subject inmates to practices like soli-tary confinement which lessens their ability to successfully reenter society. Mounting evidence shows that solitary confinement physically and mentally harms and destabilizes inmates in ways that then threatens the very commu-nities—our communities—to which they will later return. Over a year ago, President Obama asked Attorney General Loretta Lynch to review the overuse of solitary con-finement in our Federal prisons. Ear-lier this year, the Department of Jus-tice released a report recommending reforms, which the Bureau of Prisons is now implementing. Today Senator D
URBIN , Senator B OOKER , Senator L
EAHY , Senator F RANKEN , and I are in-troducing a bill, the Solitary Confine-ment and Reform Act, to codify into law many of the recommendations the Bureau of Prisons is working to put in place and to lay the groundwork for broader reform. This bill is grounded in two key ob-servations: First, that our prison sys-tem has grown in population beyond any reasonable scope. Second, restric-tive housing or solitary confinement is employed far too frequently for minor behavioral infractions, not as a sanc-tion of last resort. This act will establish limits on the use of solitary and require that it be limited to the briefest amount of time and under the least restrictive condi-tions that make sense in the setting. The bill requires the Bureau of Pris-ons to limit the use of solitary confine-ment for inmates nearing their release date and to establish a transitional process for inmates who must remain housed in solitary confinement up to their release. Most importantly, the bill mandates that the Federal Bureau of Prisons may not place an inmate in solitary confinement if the inmate is a minor, has a serious mental illness, has intel-lectual or physical disabilities, is preg-nant or in the first eight weeks after delivery, except—in all of those cases, except—under limited and temporary circumstances. Finally, the bill requires an annual report to Congress from the Bureau of Prisons about their assessment of their progress in improving solitary confine-ment practices and regulations. The time to reform our criminal jus-tice system is now, and this bill would mark an important step forward. Some might ask why this is a passion of mine. When I was a young man, my father volunteered through our church and prison ministry, and I was a young man exposed to the impact that prison conditions can have on those who are serving time. But, more importantly, few individuals have captured the ur-gency of this issue as powerfully as a fellow Delawarean and friend, Bryan Stevenson. Bryan Stevenson is the au-thor of a book entitled ‘‘Just Mercy’’ that chronicles his efforts founding and leading the Equal Justice Initiative in Montgomery, AL. Since long before sensible reforms to our criminal justice system seemed possible, Bryan has been fighting to improve this badly broken system. In his book he tells the powerful and painful story of a 13-year- old child, Ian, incarcerated as an adult in an adult prison and who spent 18 years in solitary. As Bryan Stevenson recounts, ‘‘Ian’s mental health unrav-eled, and he attempted suicide several times. Each time he hurt himself, his time in solitary was extended.’’ I remember being brought to tears by a number of passages in Bryan’s book, and I profoundly agree with his con-cluding assessment that ‘‘the true measure of our character is how we treat the poor, the disfavored, the ac-cused, the incarcerated, and the con-demned.’’ When it comes to fairly dis-tributing justice in America, Congress has long failed this central test of character. With this bill, this Senate has a rare opportunity to right some of the wrongs that have too long plagued every step of our criminal justice sys-tem. We also need to step up and take up and move forward the Sentencing Re-form and Corrections Act as well, an important and broad bill which would reduce mandatory minimums and give judges more discretion in sentencing. In this effort, we have a broad coalition of Democrats and Republicans and a di-verse group of faith and reform and ad-vocacy groups, and in President Obama we have a leader who has acted to end solitary confinement for juveniles in Federal prison and who is ready and willing to sign a broader package of criminal justice reforms into law. Now it is up to Congress. I would like to transition, if I might, to a man who, from his very first days here in the Senate of the United States, has been a powerful, pas-sionate, and engaged advocate for criminal justice reform broadly and for a change to our solitary confinement practices in particular. Far too many Americans have grown up in a society where they are defined by the worst thing they have ever done. When an in-mate leaves prison with his sentence complete and time served, with his mind and spirit broken because of soli-tary, we are all less safe and our world is less just. I wish to thank Senator DURBIN for his efforts on this bill, but in par-ticular I want to thank Senator B
OOK-
ERfor his passion, for his engagement, for his effectiveness. He is my col-league who has been most engaged in the changes of solitary confinement from his first days here, and he is the deserving partner of Senator D
URBIN ’s long record going back to the hearings he first held in 2012. With that, I yield the floor to my col-league from the great State of New Jersey. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I wish to thank my Senate colleague from Delaware, Senator C
OONS , for his ex-traordinarily eloquent and, frankly, ur-gently passionate voice on issues of solitary confinement, as well as for all the work he is doing on criminal jus-tice reform as a whole. This bill that he and Senator D
URBIN  have worked so hard on and that I am so proud to cosponsor, along with Sen-ators L
EAHY and F RANKEN , is a criti-cally important bill when it comes to the overall reforming of our criminal justice system. Please understand, as the Senator from Delaware has said, this is currently a practice in our Fed-eral system as well as in State prisons. It is an archaic, damaging, ineffective, and inefficient practice that actually works against the public interests—not just their financial interests but even the safety and well-being of our com-munities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.036 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6237 September 28, 2016 
Now, solitary confinement—many people don’t know exactly what we are talking about. As Senator C
OONS said, it is people being kept in a prison cell for 22 to 24 hours a day with little to no outside human interactions. Senator C
OONS said it is a fact that on any given day, we now have 80,000 to 100,000 incarcerated people in State and Fed-eral prisons who are being held in rooms often no bigger than a parking spot. We know that inmates placed in soli-tary confinement can be put there for the most minor of infractions—for lit-erally just filing papers with the court to try to assert their constitutional rights. We also know that solitary con-finement is extraordinarily expensive— more expensive than nonsolitary con-finement. In fact, on average, it costs about $75,000 each year for an indi-vidual to be housed in solitary confine-ment. Yet it is increasingly clear that this overuse, especially for low-level offenders—not people who have done violent crime, not people who have as-saulted a correctional officer, but peo-ple who are there for low-level, non-violent crimes—we know that this is providing little benefit to no benefit for the public good, but what is ex-traordinary is it is creating conditions which could harm the public. Solitary confinement has irreversible effects on the human brain, which may lead inmates to harm themselves or others. It does psychological damage. It can do serious psychological damage, making a person more dangerous. So here we have a correctional sys-tem that doesn’t correct but actually is doing more harm and putting people in a position where they can be more dangerous to themselves, to their fel-low inmates, and to society as a whole. It makes no sense. International bodies understand this. Other nations have referred to it as torture. The United Nations considers long-term isolation to be cruel and de-grading treatment. Here we are in the United States of America, which I firmly believe is a symbol to the Na-tion—to the globe—of justice, right-eousness, and decency, yet we are en-gaging in tactics that many of our peer nations consider cruel and degrading. We know the data. It is clear that isolation actually worsens mental ill-ness and can actually create issues in those who were previously seen as psy-chologically healthy. Researchers esti-mate that at least 30 percent of in-mates held in solitary confinement al-ready have a mental disorder. So this is how we are treating mental illness. We incarcerate not just the poor, but we incarcerate the addicted and the mentally ill. In prison we should seek to make those populations better, healthier, to deal with their disease or their mental disorder, yet we are using practices that aggravate these condi-tions. We know data has shown that hold-ing inmates in isolation not only makes mental illness worse for the in-dividual, but it has truly negative im-pacts on their lives, the lives of their families, and their communities when they are released. We know that while confinement for short periods of time may be necessary for safety—and please understand that the security of our correctional officers is critical in prison environments, but to allow these practices to go on actu-ally doesn’t make our correctional offi-cers safer; it makes their job more dan-gerous and puts them at greater risk. This is why correctional officers across the country are speaking out. The very people who have to conduct the work in our prisons are speaking out against solitary confinement. One Texas cor-rectional officer said: ‘‘When you cut out social interaction, you are dealing with a person who has nothing to lose, and that is extremely dangerous.’’ Kevin Kempf, the director of the Idaho Department of Corrections, re-marked that reforming the practice of solitary confinement ‘‘is not a soft-on- inmates approach; this is a public safe-ty approach.’’ He refers to a time in 2014 when 44 inmates were released di-rectly from isolation in a maximum se-curity prison and out to the public. That means that they were released, as in the case that Senator C
OONS ex-plained, from solitary confinement— from these conditions of no social interaction, from an environment that researchers deem aggravating to men-tal illness—and they go right from that solitary confinement environment out into the public. He remarked about this case: 
Those 44 inmates, we took belly chains and leg irons off of them and walked into your community. That is irresponsible of me as a director. Frankly our taxpayers should ex-pect more of me, should expect more of our staff, to do things differently. 
It should come as no surprise to any of us that the use of solitary confine-ment has received criticism both from law enforcement folks—folks who have sworn oaths to protect the public—as well as the civil rights community, civil libertarians, the medical commu-nity, and the legal community. Just last year, in a Supreme Court case, Davis v. Ayala, Justice Kennedy denounced the widespread use of soli-tary confinement in prisons. Justice Kennedy cited a litany of the possible side effects from prolonged isolation, including anxiety, panic, withdrawal, hallucinations, and self-mutilation. After examining the evidence, Justice Kennedy concluded that ample ‘‘re-search still confirms what the Court suggested a century ago; years on end of near-total isolation exacts a terrible price . . . [t]he penal system has a soli-tary confinement regime that will bring you to the edge of madness, per-haps into madness itself.’’ This is not a criminal justice system that reflects our highest values. It doesn’t stand for moral rights when we are exacting such cruel punishment that doesn’t just do punitive damage but also puts an inmate in a situation where they can cause more harm and damage to themselves and others. So the bill that Senator COONS talks about—the bill that we are introducing with Senator D
URBIN —would substan-tially limit the ability of the Bureau of Prisons to use solitary confinement in Federal facilities. The bill would man-date that solitary confinement be lim-ited to the briefest terms under the least restrictive conditions practicable, and it would preclude the BOP from placing vulnerable populations in soli-tary confinement, like minors—like children—as well as people with serious mental illnesses, physical disabilities, and pregnant women. Critically, this legislation wants to promote more data collection. The bill would require the BOP to collect data on the use of solitary confinement, and it would create a national resource center on solitary confinement reform under the Bureau of Justice Assist-ance. This is an issue—the issue of solitary confinement—that has been a priority for me here in the Senate from my be-ginning months. In fact, over a year ago, in August of 2015, I worked with members of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs on an oversight hearing to ex-plore current practices at the Federal Bureau of Prisons. I requested this hearing because of the urgent need to shine a spotlight on our broken crimi-nal justice system, including what oc-curs within the walls of Federal prisons that the general public does not see that is being done in the name of the public. The hearing was a good first start to improve transparency on soli-tary confinement. At the hearing, we heard testimony from a wide range of stakeholders, including the head of the Bureau of Prisons and advocates. Udi Offer, from the New Jersey ACLU, tes-tified that ‘‘our nation has seen a dra-matic increase in the use or reliance on solitary confinement over the last cou-ple of decades.’’ I also introduced the MERCY Act, a bill that would prohibit the use of soli-tary confinement of youth adjudicated delinquent in the Federal system un-less it is a temporary response to a se-rious risk of harm to the juvenile or others. Our justice system must ensure jus-tice in the deepest, richest meaning of that word. That is what we swear an oath to, that we will be a nation of lib-erty and justice for all—not just some but for all. It means that we need to begin to expose the practices that are happening in our prisons and under-stand the consequences to all of this— increased financial expenditures, in-creased risk to our security and our safety, increased risks of recidivism. Our justice system should not be en-gaged in practices that people across the spectrum in America—political, medical leaders, and others—really do view as harmful, inefficient, and inef-fective. I am proud to cosponsor the Solitary Confinement Reform Act. I urge my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.037 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6238 September 28, 2016 
colleagues to support this bill and ad-vance it in the Senate. I thank Sen-ators D
URBIN and C OONS for their lead-ership. This is a time where we need na-tional urgency on this issue. It is un-fortunate that what happens in our prisons is seen as something that we as a public wash our hands of—throw them away, throw away the key. That kind of logic doesn’t solve problems, it perpetuates them. It doesn’t make us safe, it makes us less safe. It doesn’t save us money, it costs us more. These kinds of practices undermine the foun-dation of common sense as well as moral rectitude. We stand for more than this as a country. We should set an example that ultimately as a nation we are not about retribution, we are not about disproportionate punish-ment, we are about restorative justice. Solitary confinement as a practice being done now is an assault on justice. It is an offense to our moral values as a nation. It calls for reform. I am proud to stand with my col-leagues today to introduce legislation that will begin to take us down that important road to justice for all. 
By Mr. DAINES: S. 3453. A bill to amend provisions in the securities laws relating to regula-tion crowdfunding to raise the dollar amount limit and to clarify certain re-quirements and exclusions for funding portals established by such Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, entre-preneurship is a bedrock of Montana, a relationship well understicod by the Small Business Administration, SBA. In fact, the SBA recognizes over 115,000 small businesses in the state, making up 97.4 percent of all businesses. These organizations employ nearly 236,000 Montanans, or 67.4 percent of the state workforce. While there are many harmful regu-lations coming out of Washington these days, the Securities and Ex-change Commission, SEC, issued a rule last October to give entrepreneurs an important tool in their belt to get their/dreams up and running. This rule was the crowdfunding rule, which al-lows entrepreneurs to raise up to $1 million annually without having to incur the costs of expensive SEC reg-istration. With this rule, entrepreneurs can now raise capital to grow their busi-ness and create jobs without incurring expenses ordinarily reserved for estab-lished companies able to become pub-licly traded. In fact, Treasure State Internet & Telegraph is one startup in my home town of Bozeman, Montana that has been able to use this impor-tant new rule. I am pleased today to support Mon-tana’s entrepreneurs by introducing the Crowdfunding Enhancement Act. This bill will make it easier for startups using crowdfunding to grow by creating a ‘‘longer runway’’ for costly filings. In this way, startups won’t be penalized with costly paperwork by growing too fast growth. This bill also makes it easier to attract more capital once it reaches the current crowdfunding limits. With passage, this bill is a win for Montana and all our entrepreneurs. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3453 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Crowdfunding Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CROWDFUNDING VEHICLES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933.—The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 4A(f)(3), by inserting ‘‘by any of paragraphs (1) through (14) of’’ before ‘‘section 3(c)’’; and (2) in section 4(a)(6)(B), by inserting after ‘‘any investor’’ the following: ‘‘, other than a crowdfunding vehicle (as defined in section 2(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940),’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO THE INVESTMENT COM-
PANY ACT OF 1940.—The Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in section 2(a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(55) The term ‘crowdfunding vehicle’ means a company— ‘‘(A) whose purpose (as set forth in its or-ganizational documents) is limited to acquir-ing, holding, and disposing securities issued by a single company in one or more trans-actions and made pursuant to section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) which issues only one class of securi-ties; ‘‘(C) which receives no compensation in connection with such acquisition, holding, or disposition of securities; ‘‘(D) no associated person of which receives any compensation in connection with such acquisition, holding or disposition of securi-ties unless such person is acting as or on be-half of an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 or registered as an investment adviser in the State in which the investment adviser main-tains its principal office and place of busi-ness; ‘‘(E) the securities of which have been issued in a transaction made pursuant to section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933, where both the crowdfunding vehicle and the company whose securities it holds are co- issuers; ‘‘(F) which is current in its ongoing disclo-sure obligations under Rule 202 of Regulation Crowdfunding (17 CFR 227.202); ‘‘(G) the company whose securities it holds is current in its ongoing disclosure obliga-tions under Rule 202 of Regulation Crowdfunding (17 CFR 227.202); and ‘‘(H) is advised by an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 or registered as an investment ad-viser in the State in which the investment adviser maintains its principal office and place of business.’’; and (2) in section 3(c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) Any crowdfunding vehicle.’’. SEC. 3. CROWDFUNDING EXEMPTION FROM REG-ISTRATION. 
Section 12(g)(6) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l(g)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Commission’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission’’; (2) by striking ‘‘section 4(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(a)(6)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF SECURITIES ISSUED BY  
CERTAIN ISSUERS .—An exemption under sub-paragraph (A) shall be unconditional for se-curities offered by an issuer that had a pub-lic float of less than $75,000,000 as of the last business day of the issuer’s most recently completed semiannual period, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of the issuer’s common equity secu-rities held by non-affiliates by the price at which such securities were last sold (or the average bid and asked prices of such securi-ties) in the principal market for such securi-ties or, in the event the result of such public float calculation is zero, had annual reve-nues of less than $50,000,000 as of the issuer’s most recently completed fiscal year.’’. 
By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 3458. A bill to establish programs to improve family economic security by breaking the cycle of multigenerational poverty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I rise to introduce the Two-Generation Eco-nomic Empowerment Act, alongside my colleague and friend from Maine, Senator S
USAN COLLINS . We are going to hear from her in a few minutes. I want to say a few words about an issue that is all too familiar to many of our States from coast to coast—those rep-resented by Democrats, those rep-resented by Republicans. Earlier this month, we saw positive economic data from the Census Bureau that showed that over the last year, American middle-class and low-income families saw the largest growth in their income in generations. I thank my colleague from Maine for her incredible work on the legislation we are going to be introducing today. There are simply far too many families in my home State of New Mexico and across this Nation who are still strug-gling to make ends meet, even to put food on the table and certainly to es-cape multigenerational poverty. Last year, nearly one in five New Mexicans lived below the federally de-fined poverty rate. Think about that, one in five. These are mothers, fathers, and grandparents trying to support themselves and their families. They are young adults trying to get ahead and lay the groundwork for the future they have envisioned for themselves, but often the dreams we have of going to school and getting a job are cut short by the reality that these once rites of passage on the way to the American dream are further and fur-ther out of reach. I believe all of us have a responsi-bility not to accept this status quo. Without critical programs such as Med-icaid or the National School Lunch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.038 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6239 September 28, 2016 
Program, even more families in New Mexico would be struggling to over-come poverty in the wake of the great recession. It is time to recognize that the Federal Government’s current ap-proach to poverty is far too discon-nected. It is too fragmented and too disjointed to truly address the needs of these working families, and too often it simply ignores the very nature of the family itself. I will tell you what I mean by that. I grew up on a small farm and ranch operation. In addition to attending our cattle, both of my parents worked full time, often more than full time. My dad was a utility lineman. My mother worked in a factory inspecting wheels on an assembly line. Like a lot of Americans, I learned the dignity of hard work long before I ever held my first job. I learned it at home. As a father of two children, I under-stand the challenges of parenthood today, especially when both parents work. In many cases in New Mexico, that means both parents may work more than one job. Much of our time is centered on our jobs and our children. For many of us, this leaves very little time for ourselves or our own edu-cational pursuits. If parents are able to find time to at-tend school and better themselves, they have to fit their class schedule around those times. They have to fit their class schedule around their child’s school and their childcare hours. All of this limits parents’ access to a full and rigorous class schedule and it extends the number of semesters a parent is in school and it increases their student loan debt. The way the Federal Government tries to help in-creased opportunities for working fam-ilies isn’t working well enough to ad-dress these daily challenges these fami-lies face. When multiple programs exist to help low-income parents and children, they have individual streaming causing silos and fragmentation. Low-income fami-lies trying to access these benefits often have trouble navigating the mul-tiple eligibility requirements and the multiple service providers. Families get discouraged and lose out on bene-fits because each one has its own set of requirements. Even the local service providers who are trying to help families get ahead are finding this disjointed Federal landscape difficult to navigate. Ad-dressing the needs of children and par-ents separately and without a com-prehensive strategy is leaving too many children and parents behind and diminishing the whole family’s chances of reaching economic security. That is why I have teamed up with my Republican colleague from Maine, Senator S
USAN COLLINS , to introduce the bipartisan Two-Generation Eco-nomic Empowerment Act. Our legisla-tion will increase opportunities for working families through programs targeting parents and children to-gether with support aimed at increas-ing economic security, educational success, social, capital, and health and well-being. By aligning and linking existing sys-tems and funding streams, our legisla-tion will lead to improved outcomes for parents and children while improving the effectiveness of service delivery. Our legislation will make Federal agencies coordinate more effectively through a new Interagency Council on Multigenerational Poverty. The coun-cil will align and link departments that are already working to address poverty in order to reduce the redun-dancy and the redtape we see and to make sure programs across different agencies are actually working in a complementary fashion. We are also looking for new ways to incentivize investments in comprehen-sive two-generation programs. Our bill will encourage Federal, State, tribal, and local governments to test innova-tive ways to using Federal resources by allowing increased flexibility and blending discretionary grant funds across multiple Federal programs in exchange for a greater accountability. We will create a social impact bond pilot project to encourage private foun-dations and investors to fund new two- generation programs. Over the last year, I visited programs in my home State of New Mexico that are already using a two-generation ap-proach. In Albuquerque, I met with participants of the CNM Connect Serv-ices Program at Central New Mexico Community College. This program as-sists students—many of whom are par-ents or children of parents attending CNM—with academic support, financial coaching, and career services, and it connects families with behavioral health services and childcare. By streamlining and coordinating all of these support services for students and their children, families are able to learn and grow together. At CNM, I met Maricela Cormona, who was a full-time mother who couldn’t focus on her own education until her two children started an Even Start and Head Start early childhood education program. Thanks to a two- generation program that connects par-ents to childcare and education, she earned her GED, and she started taking courses at CNM to become a social worker. She was working with other parents to help them raise healthy families and receive an education. In Sante Fe, I toured the United Way Early Learning Center. This hub of early learning and family support can serve as a model for creating a path of opportunity for all hard-working Americans, using a comprehensive two- generation approach. At a state-of-the- art facility, the center offers year- round, full-day services for children and families, including hot meals, a health center, teaching and learning technology, employment and social service assistance for parents, and a home visitation program. One mother I met there, Brenda Olivas, was connected with United Way when she was 4 months pregnant. The home visitation supported her as she and her husband raised their young son Angel. When I talked to her, Brenda had just started working at the early learning center, helping to care for the children. Brenda said that she hoped to enroll in classes at Santa Fe Commu-nity College and put herself on a path toward a successful career. I also hosted an outreach session for families, education administrators, and representatives of nonprofit service providers at Dona Ana Head Start. I heard from working parents and serv-ice providers about the challenges and obstacles that stand in the way of their educational and career opportunities. Just last month, I visited La Clinica de Familia’s Early Head Start Child Care Partnership Center. The center cares for children while their parents work or further their education at New Mexico State University and Dona Ana Community College. I had a chance to read ‘‘Brown Bear, Brown Bear,’’ which is not only one of the children’s favor-ite books, but it is also one of my fa-vorite books. My kids loved that book when they were little. I think it is time to build on the progress we have seen demonstrated through the data at programs like these. It is time to bring in more stakeholders and start actively chang-ing the trajectory of these families and communities. This is the type of chal-lenge that will have to be fought on the frontlines through public-private part-nerships on college campuses and in community centers, on ball fields and in health clinics, and in our towns both large and small. No matter what your ZIP Code is, you should have an oppor-tunity to use already existing Federal resources or attract private investment to implement the two-generation ap-proach in your community because, as the data suggests, it works. That is ex-actly what the Two-Generation Eco-nomic Empowerment Act aims to achieve. I wish once again to thank my col-league Senator COLLINS for her hard work to help create this legislation, and I also thank the great minds at places like Ascend at the Aspen Insti-tute and great advocacy organizations in my home State of New Mexico, such as New Mexico Voices for Children, for working with me and my staff on these real, innovative solutions to create more economic mobility. As we work to advance this bipar-tisan bill in the Senate, I hope the rest of my colleagues will see why this is an issue that should not only be bipar-tisan but should command our urgent attention because the status quo is not something any of us should accept. It is important to note that our pro-posal doesn’t add any new Federal spending or add to the deficit. Our leg-islation simply takes existing funding programs that we already have in place and makes sure we are investing more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.058 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6240 September 28, 2016 
wisely, more efficiently, and more ef-fectively to meet the needs of our chil-dren and their families. This is a fis-cally responsible way to proceed, and it is a moral imperative. We all know that all the potential we could ever ask for sits in homes, churches, and classrooms across this great Nation. By helping parents, grandparents, and children overcome poverty and pursue their dreams to-gether, we can put whole families on a path toward economic security and cre-ate a greater economic future for all of our communities. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am pleased to join my colleague from New Mexico, Senator H
EINRICH , in intro-ducing the Two-Generation Economic Empowerment Act of 2016. It has been a great pleasure to work together to craft this important legislation, and I commend him for his leadership. Our bipartisan bill proposes a new ap-proach to fighting poverty, one that fo-cuses on addressing the needs of chil-dren and their parents together—two generations—in order to break the cycle of intergenerational poverty. More than 50 years after President Lyndon Johnson declared a War on Poverty, poverty remains a troubling reality for millions of Americans who struggle to find the resources they need for the basic necessities of life. In the time since that worthy war was first declared, the Federal Government has spent trillions of dollars—taxpayer dollars—on programs to combat pov-erty. Yet the truth is that the poverty rate has barely budged. In 1966, the poverty rate was 14.7 percent. Just this month, the U.S. Census Bureau an-nounced that the poverty rate for 2015 was 13.5 percent. I would note that is actually 1 percentage point higher than the year before the start of the 2008 re-cession. The point is that despite our good intentions and despite the expend-iture of trillions of taxpayer dollars, we have made very little progress in lifting families out of poverty. Every State in our Nation is im-pacted by poverty. In my State of Maine, the poverty rate stands at 13.4 percent, just slightly below the na-tional rate. Poverty spans rural towns and urban centers, race and ethnicity, men and women, old and young. It di-minishes the chances of a bright future for far too many of our children. Just this weekend, the Maine Sunday Telegram reported a heartwrenching story of a 5-year-old girl named Arianna, who lived in a makeshift tent in the woods outside of Portland. This is a picture of Arianna, a darling little girl only 5 years of age, living outside in a very crude tent. Thanks to the in-volvement of a State social worker and the Maine Homeless Veterans Alliance, who were committed to keeping the family together, this story, fortu-nately, has a happy ending. Arianna and her mother now live in an apart-ment in Auburn, ME, and she has fi-nally just started kindergarten. We know that the well-being of chil-dren like Arianna is tightly linked to the well-being of their parents. Just last week, I chaired a hearing of the Senate Subcommittee on Housing and Transportation. We examined whether there is a better way to provide hous-ing assistance to vulnerable families and individuals. Both OMB Director Shaun Donovan and HUD Secretary Ju-lian Castro have often pointed out to our subcommittee that the single big-gest predictor of a child’s opportuni-ties—and even that child’s life expect-ancy—is the ZIP Code of the commu-nity where the child grows up. Federal programs have certainly helped many of those living in poverty to manage the day-to-day hardships they face, but the fact is that these programs have failed to achieve their promise of breaking the cycle of pov-erty that has trapped too many fami-lies. We should not accept such out-comes here in the land of opportunity. Our bipartisan legislation proposes a fresh approach that is aimed at equip-ping both parents and their children with the tools they need to succeed and become self-sufficient. It marks an im-portant first step toward reevaluating our approach to poverty-reducing pro-grams, encouraging innovative, more effective uses of tax dollars, and en-couraging programs that allow us to tailor them to the needs of specific families—programs that will work. Too often today our Federal pro-grams address certain issues in silos, overlooking the fact that the needs of families in poverty are almost always interconnected. They shouldn’t have to try to navigate the various programs that are available to put together the funding streams they need to lift them-selves out of poverty. Our bill would change that. It encourages an inte-grated, personalized approach. Let me give an example. Helping a mother secure safe, high-quality child care can have a positive impact not only on her ability to succeed in the workforce but also by improving her child’s readiness for school. While that child is receiving care and an edu-cation, her mother can be connecting with a skills training program to help her improve her family’s income. Con-necting these various Federal programs has the potential to lift entire families out of poverty and break that vicious cycle of intergenerational or multigen-erational poverty. The Two-Generation Economic Em-powerment Act would create an Inter-agency Council on Multigenerational Poverty to coordinate efforts across Federal agencies and departments aimed at supporting vulnerable fami-lies. The Council would also make rec-ommendations to Congress on ways to improve coordination of anti-poverty programs and to identify best prac-tices. Similarly, our legislation would instruct the Government Account-ability Office, GAO, to study and re-port to Congress and the Council on the barriers that prevent grant recipi-ents from collaborating and identify opportunities for improved coordina-tion. Our bill would also authorize a pilot program to provide additional flexi-bility for States and local governments to improve the administration of pro-grams using two-generation models. It would authorize five States to partici-pate in two-generation performance partnerships. This would allow, for ex-ample, States like Maine and New Mex-ico to blend together similarly purposed funds across multiple Federal programs in order to help poor fami-lies. It aims to reduce duplicative re-porting and application requirements. This kind of redtape and bureaucracy often deters local agencies and organi-zations from making the most effective use of tax dollars to ensure account-ability because that is what this is all about. This bill would also require that these pilot programs be targeted at specific programs designed to reduce poverty, and it would measure the out-comes and the effectiveness of these programs. Finally, our bill would create a pilot program to incentivize public-private partnerships around poverty solutions through social impact bonds. These public-private partnerships harness philanthropic and private sector in-vestments to implement proven social programs. This concept is based on leg-islation that has been introduced by two of our colleagues, Senator O
RRIN H
ATCH and Senator M ICHAEL BENNET . I would note that through these partner-ships, government funds are only paid out when the desired outcomes are met. With this bill, we have the chance to make a permanent difference in the lives of millions of families in this country who are struggling and living in poverty. We have the opportunity to finally break the multigenerational cycle of poverty. We have the chance— after 50 years of pouring trillions of dollars into well-intentioned programs that have had some good benefits but have not produced the kinds of lasting results we need, we have the oppor-tunity to change that. Just as a child’s ZIP Code should not determine his or her future success, so should the bureaucratic, siloed ap-proach to poverty not make it so dif-ficult for families to get the help they need to escape lives of poverty. We don’t want more cases where a 5-year- old girl is living in a makeshift tent outside of the largest city in my State. The Federal Government can be an effective partner in providing funding, in providing opportunities for parents and their children, lifting up families, and, in turn, building stronger commu-nities. State and local governments— the laboratories of experimentation in this country—can be at the forefront of these efforts. And the increased flexi-bility proposed by our bill would help reform practices across government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.059 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6241 September 28, 2016 
Building public-private partnerships would also help to spur innovative ap-proaches and would help generations to come to take part and be full partici-pants in the American dream. Again, let me thank my partner Sen-ator H
EINRICH for his leadership on this bill. I urge our colleagues to take a look at the fresh, innovative approach we have developed to moving families out of poverty by breaking down the silos in Federal programs, by encour-aging local and State and private sec-tor and nonprofit organizations col-laboration, and by giving them the tools they need to succeed. Mr. President, let’s not be here 50 years from now noting that the pov-erty rate is the same as it was when Lyndon Johnson declared the War on Poverty 50 years ago, which would then be 100 years ago. Let’s try a different approach. Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 583—AMEND-ING THE STANDING RULES OF THE SENATE TO ENSURE THAT THE SENATE VOTES ON WHETH-ER TO CONFIRM JUDICIAL NOMI-NEES Mr. UDALL submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion: 
S. R ES. 583 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. VOTES ON JUDICIAL NOMINEES. 
Rule XXXI of the Standing Rules of the Senate is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘8. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date on which a judicial nomination made by the President is received, the Senate shall vote on— ‘‘(1) whether the Senate will advise and consent to the judicial nomination; or ‘‘(2) a motion to invoke cloture on the judi-cial nomination. ‘‘(b) Except as provided in subparagraph (c), if the Senate does not vote on whether the Senate will advise and consent to a judi-cial nomination or a motion to invoke clo-ture on the judicial nomination during the period described in subparagraph (a), on the first day on which the Senate is in session after the end of the period described in sub-paragraph (a)— ‘‘(1) if the judicial nomination was referred to a committee and has not been reported, the committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the judicial nomina-tion and the judicial nomination shall be placed on the calendar without any inter-vening action or debate; ‘‘(2) the Senate shall proceed to the judi-cial nomination without any intervening ac-tion or debate; ‘‘(3) the Senate shall proceed to the ques-tion ‘Is it the sense of the Senate that the debate shall be brought to a close?’ with re-spect to the judicial nomination, in the same manner as if a motion to invoke cloture had been made under rule XXII, except that there shall be not more than 4 hours of de-bate on such question; and ‘‘(4) it shall not be in order to move to pro-ceed to the consideration of any other mat-ter until such question is disposed of. ‘‘(c) Subparagraph (b) shall not apply to a judicial nomination if, before the end of the period described in subparagraph (a), the committee to which the judicial nomination has been referred votes to report the judicial nomination unfavorably. ‘‘(d) In this paragraph, the term ‘judicial nomination’ means the nomination of an in-dividual to serve as a judge or justice ap-pointed to hold office during good behav-ior.’’. f SENATE RESOLUTION 584—AC-KNOWLEDGING THE PEACEFUL HUNGER STRIKE OF GUILLERMO ‘‘EL COCO’’ FARINAS, A POLIT-ICAL DISSIDENT IN CUBA, AP-PLAUDING HIS BRAVERY AND COMMITMENT TO HUMAN RIGHTS, AND EXPRESSING SOLI-DARITY WITH HIM AND HIS CAUSE Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 584 Whereas Fidel Castro and Raul Castro have led an oppressive, totalitarian, 1-party Com-munist state in Cuba for 57 years; Whereas the Castro regime has unyieldingly violated basic human rights and steadfastly suppressed peaceful dissent in Cuba, despite nonviolent calls for change in Cuba and internationally; Whereas the unconditional reestablish-ment of diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba has failed to mean-ingfully improve the predicament of the peo-ple of Cuba; Whereas Guillermo ‘‘El Coco’’ Farin ˜as is an internationally renowned Cuban dissident dedicated to advocating for political free-doms and human rights in Cuba; Whereas the Communist Party of Cuba has viewed political freedoms and human rights as antithetical to the totalitarian agenda, and a threat to the existence, of that party; Whereas El Coco Farin˜as has repeatedly stated his willingness to give up his own life for the cause of freedom and liberty in Cuba; Whereas El Coco Farin˜as held a 7-month hunger strike in 2006 to call attention to the Cuban Government’s practice of Internet censorship in Cuba; Whereas El Coco Farin˜as held another hun-ger strike in 2010 to protest the Cuban Gov-ernment’s practices of making politically motivated arrests and maintaining prisoners of conscience; Whereas the Government of Cuba denied El Coco Farin˜as an exit visa in 2010 to travel to Strasbourg, France to receive the European Parliament’s Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought, in recognition of the efforts of El Coco Farin˜as to peacefully advocate for po-litical freedoms in Cuba; Whereas at the funeral of fellow activist Oswaldo Paya´, who is widely believed to have been murdered by the Castro regime, El Coco Farin˜as was among dozens of dissidents who were arbitrarily arrested; Whereas El Coco Farin˜as initiated another hunger strike in the summer of 2016 to call international attention to the continued brutality committed by the Cuban Govern-ment; Whereas, on September 12, 2016, El Coco Farin˜as ended that hunger strike following the release of a fabricated report that the European Union had conditioned relations with Cuba on improvements in the human rights situation in Cuba, which the European Parliament later confirmed was false and the Cuban American National Foundation de-nounced as a ‘‘discrediting campaign to mis-inform the people of Cuba and the inter-national community’’; Whereas in recognition of his unwavering efforts to peacefully push for reforms for the people of Cuba, El Coco Farin˜as has been awarded— (1) the 2006 Cyber-Freedom Prize by Re-porters Without Borders; (2) the Weimar International Human Rights Award; and (3) the 2010 Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought by the European Parliament; and Whereas recognition of the recent hunger strike of El Coco Farin˜as and an expression of solidarity with him and his cause sends a positive signal of the enduring commitment of the people of the United States to the peo-ple of Cuba: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the courage of Guillermo ‘‘El Coco’’ Farin˜as in standing up to the relent-less repression of the Government of Cuba; (2) recognizes El Coco Farin˜as for his per-severance in seeking meaningful change for the people of Cuba through peaceful means; (3) acknowledges that the efforts of the Government of Cuba to undermine the latest hunger strike of El Coco Farin˜as, through the release of a fabricated report, failed to diminish the international attention that his hunger strike attracted to the human rights situation in Cuba; and (4) expresses solidarity and support for El Coco Farin˜as, his valiant efforts, and his commitment to basic human freedoms for the people of Cuba. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 585—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 26, 2016, AS ‘‘DAY OF THE DEPLOYED’’ Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 585 Whereas more than 2,000,000 individuals serve as members of the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas several hundred thousand mem-bers of the Armed Forces rotate each year through deployments to 150 countries in every region of the world; Whereas more than 2,700,000 members of the Armed Forces have deployed to the area of operations of the United States Central Command since the September 11, 2001, ter-rorist attacks; Whereas the United States is kept strong and free by the loyal military personnel from the total force (the regular components, the National Guard, and the Reserves), who pro-tect the precious heritage of the United States through their declarations and ac-tions; Whereas members of the Armed Forces serving at home and abroad have coura-geously answered the call to duty to defend the ideals of the United States and to pre-serve peace and freedom around the world; Whereas members of the Armed Forces per-sonify the virtues of patriotism, service, duty, courage, and sacrifice; Whereas the families of members of the Armed Forces make important and signifi-cant sacrifices for the United States; and Whereas the Senate designated October 26 as ‘‘Day of the Deployed’’ in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates October 26, 2016, as ‘‘Day of the Deployed’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.060 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6242 September 28, 2016 
(2) honors the deployed members of the Armed Forces of the United States and the families of the members; (3) calls on the people of the United States to reflect on the service of those members of the Armed Forces, wherever the members serve, past, present, and future; and (4) encourages the people of the United States to observe the Day of the Deployed with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 586—HON-ORING THE LIFE OF JACOB WETTERLING AND RECOGNIZING THE EFFORTS OF JACOB WETTERLING’S FAMILY TO FIND ABDUCTED CHILDREN AND SUP-PORT THE FAMILIES OF THOSE CHILDREN Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 586 Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s parents faced the unimaginable tragedy of having their 11- year-old son, Jacob Wetterling, abducted near their home in Stearns County, Min-nesota, on October 22, 1989; Whereas Jacob Wetterling was taken at gunpoint and his disappearance remained un-solved for nearly 27 years; Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s body was not recovered until September of 2016; Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s mother brave-ly turned her grief into action and devoted her life to advocating for missing and ex-ploited children; Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s mother has be-come a nationally recognized educator on child abduction and the sexual exploitation of children; Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s mother serves on the Board of Directors of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children; Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s parents co- founded the Jacob Wetterling Resource Cen-ter to educate communities about child safe-ty issues to prevent child exploitation and abductions; Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s mother au-thored the publication ‘‘When Your Child is Missing: A Family Survival Guide’’, along with 4 other families; Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s mother served for more than 7 years as Director of Sexual Violence Prevention for the Minnesota De-partment of Health; Whereas the Star Tribune selected Jacob Wetterling’s mother as one of the ‘‘100 Most Influential Minnesotans of the Century’’; Whereas the efforts of Jacob Wetterling’s mother led to the passage of the Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sex-ually Violent Offender Registration Act (Public Law 103–322; 108 Stat. 2038), a Federal law that requires States to implement a sex offender and crimes against children reg-istry; and Whereas Jacob Wetterling’s memory lives on through the efforts of the Wetterling fam-ily: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the life of Jacob Wetterling; and (2) recognizes the efforts of Jacob Wetterling’s family to prevent child exploi-tation and abductions across the United States. SENATE RESOLUTION 587—PERMIT-TING THE COLLECTION OF CLOTHING, TOYS, FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLI-DAY SEASON FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 587 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. COLLECTION OF CLOTHING, TOYS, FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLIDAY SEASON FOR CHARI-TABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of the rules or regulations of the Senate— (1) a Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate may collect from an-other Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate within Senate buildings nonmonetary donations of clothing, toys, food, and housewares for charitable purposes related to serving persons in need or mem-bers of the Armed Forces and the families of those members during the holiday season, if the charitable purposes do not otherwise vio-late any rule or regulation of the Senate or of Federal law; and (2) a Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate may work with a non-profit organization with respect to the deliv-ery of donations described under paragraph (1). (b) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided by this resolution shall expire at the end of the second session of the 114th Congress. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 588—RECOG-NIZING THE MONTH OF OCTOBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL PRINCIPALS MONTH’’ Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
PER, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C OCHRAN , and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 588 Whereas the National Association of Sec-ondary School Principals, the National Asso-ciation of Elementary School Principals, and the American Federation of School Adminis-trators have declared the month of October 2016 to be ‘‘National Principals Month’’; Whereas principals are educational vision-aries, instructional and assessment leaders, disciplinarians, community builders, budget analysts, facilities managers, and adminis-trators of legal and contractual obligations; Whereas principals work collaboratively with teachers and parents to develop and im-plement a clear mission, high curriculum standards, and performance goals; Whereas principals create school environ-ments that facilitate great teaching and learning and continuous school improve-ment; Whereas the vision, actions, and dedication of principals provide the mobilizing force be-hind any school reform effort; and Whereas the celebration of National Prin-cipals Month would honor elementary school, middle school, and high school prin-cipals, and recognize the importance of prin-cipals in ensuring that every child has access to a high-quality education: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the month of October 2016 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’; and (2) honors the contribution of principals in the elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools of the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 589—HON-ORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF REFORMED THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, and Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 589 Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary was founded in Jackson, Mississippi, in 1966, with the mission of serving the Christian community by preparing Christian leaders through a program of graduate theological education; Whereas the vision for Reformed Theo-logical Seminary originated in a prayer meeting of the following 5 Mississippi pas-tors: Sam Patterson, Erskine Jackson, John Reed Miller, James Spencer, and William Stanway; Whereas the founders of Reformed Theo-logical Seminary were Sam Patterson, Rob-ert Cannada, Erskine Wells, Frank Horton, Bob Kennington, and Frank Tindall, and early board members included Elliott Belch-er, Robert Rugeley, Hugh Potts, Emory Folmar, Gettys Guille, H.S. Williford, Sr., Horace Hull, Charles Harmon, and Roy LeCraw, many of whom were prominent Mis-sissippians; Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary opened its doors to 14 students from 8 col-leges and 3 denominations in 1966, and has educated well over 12,000 students through the years, with over 6,000 graduates serving the Lord and the Christian Church in more than 80 countries around the world; Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary is the largest accredited seminary in the State of Mississippi; Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary has campuses and extensions in— (1) Jackson, Mississippi; (2) Orlando, Florida; (3) Charlotte, North Carolina; (4) Atlanta, Georgia; (5) Houston, Texas; (6) Memphis, Tennessee; (7) McLean, Virginia; and (8) New York City, New York; Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary has established a global distance education program with online students on every popu-lated continent, and a doctoral program with Mackenzie University in Sa˜o Paulo, Brazil; Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary is one of the largest accredited theological seminaries in North America, having pre-pared students for service in over 73 denomi-nations, and with graduates who have start-ed no fewer than 23 theological educational institutions around the world; Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary has over 40 full-time faculty members in-structing over 1,500 current students in 9 dif-ferent degree programs, readying them to serve the Christian Church and all Christians with a mind for truth, a life for ministry, and a heart for the Lord; Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary graduates continue on to vocations not only as pastors, but also as counselors, chaplains, teachers, church planters, missionaries, campus ministers, relief workers, and com-munity leaders, thus contributing greatly to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.041 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6243 September 28, 2016 
the well-being of their neighbors, commu-nities, and culture, in the United States and around the world; Whereas Reformed Theological Seminary has been a blessing to the United States and an ambassador for the Lord around the world; and Whereas, on October 6 and 7, 2016, Re-formed Theological Seminary will celebrate its 50th Anniversary: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates Reformed Theological Seminary for 50 years of faith-inspired serv-ice; (2) expresses profound respect and deep ap-preciation for— (A) the transformational impact Reformed Theological Seminary has had on the United States; and (B) the beneficent service of Reformed Theological Seminary to humanity around the world; and (3) expresses heartfelt wishes for continued blessings and achievement in the decades to come. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 52—HONORING VINCENT ED-WARD ‘‘VIN’’ SCULLY, THE UNITED STATES BASEBALL BROADCASTER WHO HAS MAG-NIFICENTLY SERVED AS THE PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER FOR THE BROOKLYN AND LOS ANGE-LES DODGERS FOR 67 MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL SEASONS SINCE 1950 Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. C ON. RES. 52 Whereas Vincent Edward ‘‘Vin’’ Scully was born in the Bronx, New York, on November 29, 1927; Whereas Vin Scully was raised in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Man-hattan, New York; Whereas when Vin Scully was 8 years old he decided he wanted to become a sports an-nouncer; Whereas in 1950, at the age of 22, Vin Scully joined the radio and television broad-cast team for the Brooklyn Dodgers; Whereas in 1953, at the age of 25, Vin Scully became the youngest individual to announce the broadcast of a World Series game; Whereas Vin Scully announced Brooklyn Dodgers’ games through 1957, after which he moved with the Dodgers to Los Angeles as the first team in Major League Baseball to play in Southern California; Whereas Vin Scully is credited with teach-ing the game of baseball to Los Angeles; Whereas since 1950, Vin Scully has an-nounced more than 9,000 Major League Base-ball games and almost 
1⁄2of all Los Angeles Dodgers games ever played; Whereas Vin Scully has announced numer-ous iconic moments in baseball history, in-cluding— (1) on September 9, 1965, Vin Scully an-nounced Los Angeles Dodgers’ pitcher Sandy Koufax’s perfect game against the Chicago Cubs, concluding, ‘‘Sandy Koufax, whose name will always remind you of strikeouts, did it with a flourish. He struck out the last 6 consecutive batters. So when he wrote his name in capital letters in the record book, that ‘K’ stands out more than the ‘oufax’.’’; (2) on April 8, 1974, Vin Scully called the 715th homerun by Hank Aaron to break Babe Ruth’s longstanding homerun record, stat-ing, ‘‘What a marvelous moment for base-ball, what a marvelous moment for Atlanta and the State of Georgia, what a marvelous moment for the country and the world. A black man is getting a standing ovation in the Deep South for breaking a record of an all-time baseball idol. And it is a great mo-ment for all of us, and particularly for Henry Aaron.’’; and (3) on October 15, 1988, during Game 1 of the 1988 World Series at Dodger Stadium, Vin Scully announced a game-winning, pinch hit homerun by injured Los Angeles Dodger Kirk Gibson against Oakland Athletics’ re-liever Dennis Eckersley, declaring, ‘‘High fly ball into right field. She is gone . . . In a year that has been so improbable, the impossible has happened.’’; Whereas Vin Scully has described the ex-ploits of some of baseball’s all-time greats, including Jackie Robinson, Roy Campanella, Sandy Koufax, Don Drysdale, Duke Snider, Don Sutton, Fernando Valenzuela, Tommy Lasorda, Orel Hershiser, Mike Piazza, and Clayton Kershaw, among many others; Whereas Vin Scully has been nicknamed ‘‘The Shakespeare of Baseball’’, ‘‘The Voice of the Dodgers’’, and ‘‘The Voice of Sum-mer’’; Whereas Vin Scully has been awarded the honors of— (1) National Sportscaster of the Year from the National Sports Media Association in 1965, 1978, and 1982; (2) Ford Frick Award from the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1982; (3) induction into the National Sports Media Association Hall of Fame in 1991; (4) induction into the American Sports-casters Association Hall of Fame in 1992; (5) Life Achievement Emmy Award for Sportscasting in 1995; (6) induction into the National Radio Hall of Fame in 1995; (7) Sportscaster of the Century from the American Sportscasters Association in 2000; (8) induction into the California Sports Hall of Fame in 2008; (9) induction into the National Association of Broadcasters Broadcasting Hall of Fame in 2009; (10) Ambassador Award of Excellence from the Los Angeles Sports & Entertainment Commission in 2009; (11) Top Sportscaster of All-Time from the American Sportscasters Association in 2009; (12) Baseball Commissioner’s Historic Achievement Award in 2014; and (13) 32-time California Sportscaster of the Year; Whereas, on September 23, 2016, during a pregame ceremony at Dodgers Stadium to honor Vin Scully for his iconic life and con-tributions, he was likened to Norman Rock-well and film character George Bailey; and Whereas Vin Scully will announce his final game on October 2, 2016, when the Los Ange-les Dodgers visit the San Francisco Giants: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) honors the life and legendary career of Vincent Edward ‘‘Vin’’ Scully, whose char-acter, artistry, and storytelling as an an-nouncer for the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers has set the standard for sports an-nouncing; and (2) wishes Vin Scully a fulfilling retire-ment as he bids farewell to the broadcast booth following the 2016 Major League Base-ball season. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to submit a concurrent resolution to honor the great Vin Scully—a mag-nificent baseball announcer for the Los Angeles Dodgers for the past 67 Major League Baseball seasons. Days ago, Scully announced his final game at Dodger Stadium. It was a game won by the Dodgers on a walk-off homerun, in dramatic fash-ion, to clinch the division. It was a fitting end to Scully’s sto-ried career calling baseball games in Los Angeles. When the homerun was hit, he exclaimed, ‘‘Would you believe a homerun? And the Dodgers have clinched the division, and will cele-brate on schedule.’’ Seconds later, in true Scully-form, he remained silent, letting the roar of Dodgers fans take over the micro-phone. Scully’s storytelling over the micro-phone has captured the imagination of not just those who have grown up in Southern California, but all over Amer-ica. In fact, so many Americans recall watching Game 1 of the 1988 World Se-ries when Kirk Gibson famously hit a walk-off homerun against Dennis Eckersley. After Scully called the homerun shot, he paused to proclaim, ‘‘In a year that has been so improbable, the im-possible has happened.’’ The call was a harbinger of things to come, because the Dodgers went on to win the series against a heavily favored Oakland Athletics team. Scully first fell in love with baseball and broadcasting as an 8 year old boy growing up in New York in 1936. He recounted this beginning in a deeply personal letter he wrote to fans recently, stating, ‘‘God has been very generous to that little boy, allowing him to fulfill a dream of becoming a broadcaster and to live it for 67 years . . . You were simply always there for me. I have always felt that I needed you more than you needed me and that holds true this very day.’’ We too are immensely fortunate to have witnessed Scully’s life-long devo-tion to the game of baseball. Scully has announced more than 9,000 Major League Baseball games, and al-most half of all of the Dodger games ever played. He is credited with teaching the game of baseball to Los Angeles. He vividly brought to life the feats of all-time Dodgers greats such as Jackie Robinson, Roy Campanella, Sandy Koufax, Don Drysdale, Duke Snider, Don Sutton, Fernando Valenzuela, Orel Hershiser, Tommy Lasorda, Mike Pi-azza, and Clayton Kershaw. This is why his voice evokes so many memories for so many people. But even beyond his artistic accom-plishments, Vin Scully is about as fine a person as you will meet. Those who know him closely remark of his char-acter and humility. They speak of his desire simply to be a decent man, a good husband, father, and grandfather. This humility and grace was re-flected in his broadcast style. He was never one to rush, and did all he could to enhance the game he loved. Often times, he let the roar of the crowd speak for itself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.042 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6244 September 28, 2016 
I want to thank Senator B OXER for cosponsoring the resolution to honor Scully, as he takes his final curtain call from the broadcast booth next week. I also want to express my thanks to House Democratic Caucus Chairman X
AVIER BECERRA for leading the House effort on this resolution. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 53—DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES TO MAKE A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 5325 Mr. COCHRAN submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 53 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That, in the enroll-ment of the bill H.R. 5325, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the fol-lowing correction to the title so as to read: ‘‘Making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes.’’. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 54—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS AND RE-AFFIRMING LONGSTANDING UNITED STATES POLICY IN SUP-PORT OF A DIRECT BILAT-ERALLY NEGOTIATED SETTLE-MENT OF THE ISRAELI-PALES-TINIAN CONFLICT AND OPPOSI-TION TO UNITED NATIONS SECU-RITY COUNCIL RESOLUTIONS IM-POSING A SOLUTION TO THE CONFLICT Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 54 Whereas the United States has long sup-ported a negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable two-state solution with the democratic, Jewish state of Israel and a democratic Palestinian state living side-by- side in peace and security; Whereas it is the long-standing policy of the United States Government that a peace-ful resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict will only come through direct, bilateral negotiations between the two parties; Whereas President Barack Obama reiter-ated this policy at the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly in 2011, stating, ‘‘Peace is hard work. Peace will not come through statements and resolutions at the United Na-tions—if it were that easy, it would have been accomplished by now. Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians who must live side by side. Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians—not us—who must reach agreement on the issues that divide them’’; Whereas the Palestinian Authority has failed to end incitement to hatred and vio-lence through Palestinian Authority-di-rected institutions against Israel and Israelis and to end payments to prisoners and the families of those who have engaged in ter-rorism or acts of violence against Israelis or the State of Israel; Whereas the Palestinian Authority has continued to provide payments to prisoners and the families of those who have engaged in terrorism or acts of violence against Israelis or the State of Israel, including re-ports of approximately $300,000,000 in 2016; Whereas efforts to impose a solution or pa-rameters for a solution can make negotia-tions more difficult and can set back the cause of peace; Whereas it is long-standing practice of the United States Government to oppose and, if necessary, veto United Nations Security Council resolutions dictating additional binding parameters on the peace process; Whereas it is also the historic position of the United States Government to oppose and veto, if necessary, one-sided or anti-Israel resolutions at the United Nations Security Council; Whereas, for this reason, the United States has vetoed 42 Israel-related resolutions in the United Nations Security Council since 1972; Whereas the Palestinian Authority must engage in broad, meaningful, and systemic reforms in order to ultimately prepare its in-stitutions and people for statehood and peaceful coexistence with Israel; and Whereas unilateral recognition of a Pales-tinian state would bypass negotiations and undermine incentives for the Palestinian Au-thority to make the changes necessary that are pre-requisites for peace: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), that is it the sense of Congress that— (1) a durable and sustainable peace agree-ment between Israel and the Palestinians will come only through direct bilateral nego-tiations between the parties; (2) any widespread international recogni-tion of a unilateral declaration of Pales-tinian statehood outside of the context of a peace agreement with Israel would cause se-vere harm to the peace process, and would likely trigger the implementation of pen-alties under sections 7036 and 7041(j) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2016 (division K of Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2769, 2779); (3) efforts by outside bodies, including the United Nations Security Council, to impose an agreement or parameters for an agree-ment are likely to set back the cause of peace; (4) the United States Government should continue to oppose and veto United Nations Security Council resolutions that seek to impose solutions to final status issues, or are one-sided and anti-Israel; and (5) the United States Government should continue to support and facilitate the re-sumption of negotiations without pre-condi-tions between Israelis and Palestinians to-ward a sustainable peace agreement. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5105. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5105. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NO BUDGET NO PAY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘No Budget, No Pay Act’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Member of Congress’’— (1) has the meaning given under section 2106 of title 5, United States Code; and (2) does not include the Vice President. (c) T
IMELY APPROVAL OF CONCURRENT RES-
OLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIA -
TIONS BILLS.—If both Houses of Congress have not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget as described under section 301 of the Congressional Budget and Impound-ment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632) for a fiscal year before October 1 of that fiscal year and have not passed all the regular ap-propriations bills for the next fiscal year be-fore October 1 of that fiscal year, the pay of each Member of Congress may not be paid for each day following that October 1 until the date on which both Houses of Congress ap-prove a concurrent resolution on the budget for that fiscal year and all the regular appro-priations bills. (d) N
OPAYWITHOUT CONCURRENT RESOLU -
TION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIATIONS  B
ILLS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds may be ap-propriated or otherwise be made available from the United States Treasury for the pay of any Member of Congress during any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e). (2) N
O RETROACTIVE PAY .—A Member of Congress may not receive pay for any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e), at any time after the end of that period. (e) D
ETERMINATIONS .— (1) S
ENATE .— (A) R
EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc- tober 1 of each year, the Secretary of the Senate shall submit a request to the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate for certification of determinations made under clause (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). (B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate shall— (i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Sen-ators may not be paid under that subsection; (ii) determine the period of days following each October 1 that Senators may not be paid under subsection (c); and (iii) provide timely certification of the de-terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Secretary of the Senate. (2) H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— (A) R
EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc- tober 1 of each year, the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives shall submit a request to the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives for certification of deter-minations made under clause (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.040 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6245 September 28, 2016 
(B) D ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives shall— (i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Mem-bers of the House of Representatives may not be paid under that subsection; (ii) determine the period of days following each October 1 that Members of the House of Representatives may not be paid under sub-section (c); and (iii) provide timely certification of the de-terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Chief Administrative Offi-cer of the House of Representatives. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply on and after February 1, 2017. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 28, 2016, at 12 p.m., in room S–216 of the Capitol. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on September 28, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Persistent Threat of North Korea and Developing an Effec-tive U.S. Response.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL  
INTEREST  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 28, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Administration’s FY 2017 Refugee Resettlement Program.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Daniel Ball, an FCC detailee with the Commerce Committee, be granted floor privileges for the duration of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Ian Foss, a detailee on the HELP Committee, the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee for Senator M
URRAY  be granted floor privileges for the re-mainder of today’s session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Eric Hanson, a detailee to the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the second session of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 954 Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I under-stand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 954) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt from the indi-vidual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO-OP) program. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 2016 Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Thursday, Sep-tember 29; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. RUBIO. If there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators C
AR-
PERand C OONS . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Delaware. 
f 
REMEMBERING BETTY DEWHIRST RUSSELL Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in honor of a friend, a fellow congregant—Betty Dewhirst Russell—someone I have known for a long time and someone I knew as a member of my home church, First and Central Presbyterian in Wilmington, DE. Earlier today, Betty passed away. I am so honored to have an opportunity on the floor of the Senate to briefly recognize her for her remarkable serv-ice to the United States and for her great and soaring spirit. Betty was a young midwestern girl when she ventured to St. Louis, MO, in 1940, to begin her schooling as a nurse. Upon graduation, she volunteered for service in the U.S. Army. Betty was posted to Longview, TX, for basic training. While in Longview, she would meet her future husband, Lloyd Byron Russell, known as Russ, of Wilmington, DE. Betty served her country as a first lieutenant in the Army Nurse Corps from April 1943 until January 1946 through the 70th General Hospital. Betty served alongside her uncle, Chief Surgeon Colonel L.D. Cassidy. In some-thing that she recounted to me a num-ber of times once I was elected to this body, Betty, during the Second World War and as part of the 70th General Hospital, cared for hundreds and hun-dreds of American soldiers, among them two who returned home to serve in this body as Senators—Bob Dole of Kansas and Daniel Inouye of Hawaii. Betty received a battle star as the 70th General Hospital was awarded the European-African-Middle Eastern Cam-paign Ribbon. Betty was, understand-ably, proud of her service, saving so many American lives. One cherished memory that Betty shared with her family was that when she was caring for one particularly badly wounded GI, his last request was to hold close an American flag—a big one, he said. She went to the Red Cross, and they gave her a big American flag. She spread it over his body. He put his arms around it, smiled, and took his last breath. Betty and Russ were married in Oran, Algeria. Being military and married in a foreign country required cutting through a lot of redtape. They were eventually married twice—once by the French Government and once by the U.S. Army. Betty and Russ returned to live in our hometown of Wilmington, DE, and eventually settled in Hockessin. They were married for 53 years before Russ passed in 1998. Betty and Russ’s four children were born and raised in Delaware. She served her community faithfully, by helping to establish the Hockessin Well Baby Clinic, by serving as a Cub Scouts den mother, as a volunteer at the jun-ior board of Memorial Hospital, at the Wilmington Flower Market for over 50 years, and as a charter member of the Hockessin Community Club. Betty was also a longtime board member of the Lamborn Library and of the Friends of the Hockessin Library in Hockessin and a faithful member of First and Central Presbyterian Church for 70 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.048 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6246 September 28, 2016 
Betty has lived a full and wonderful life—full of dedicated service to her faith, her family, and her country. She always saw the best in others, and she always had a hopeful attitude about the day that lay ahead. So I am grate-ful for having had the opportunity to know Betty for just a few years in our wonderful home State. I am so grateful for the career and the life of service that Betty Russell gave as a gift to all of us in Delaware and in this grateful Nation. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with Senator C
ARPER for up to 30 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING CHRISTOPHER LEACH AND JERRY FICKES Mr. COONS. Mr. President, it is with a heavy heart that Senator C
ARPER and I come to the floor this evening to honor Chris Leach and Jerry Fickes, two brave Wilmington firefighters who lost their lives this past Saturday night. In any State or in any commu-nity, the loss of a firefighter or police officer is devastating, but in our small State of neighbors, a close-knit State with an even closer knit first responder community, a community that in-cludes families and multiple genera-tions, it is especially hard. To those who knew Chris and Jerry, it must be little comfort now that we are here on the floor of the U.S. Senate to pay tribute to their lives, but in the next few minutes, we hope to capture just a fraction of the light they brought to their families and our com-munity with their love and service. Lieutenant Christopher Leach wasn’t supposed to be working on Saturday night, but he filled in for another fire-fighter, likely thinking it would be a shift like any other shift. He was al-ways willing to step forward and serve. After getting the call that there was a fire in a Canby Park row house, Chris did what he had been training to do since 1993. Chris did what he told his friends, all the way back to Salesianum High School, he always wanted to do as long as they could remember—fight fires. Chris grew up in the volunteer fire service. He joined the Tallyville Fire Company in 1993 at the age of 18, rising steadily through the ranks of the vol-unteer fire service to captain. The more time he spent at the firehouse, the more he loved it. Four years later, at age 22, Chris joined the Claymont Fire Company and served as a full-time firefighter and EMT there. Chris was a lifelong learner, doing whatever he could to develop new skills to support his crewmates and help save lives. Chris took classes all over our coun-try, from Virginia to Texas, to Cali-fornia, and his training paid off. In July 2002, at a house fire in Claymont, a firefighter from the ladder company fell through the first floor and into the basement. Chris and two others saved that firefighter’s life, earning Chris a series of recognitions, including Fire-man of the Year from New Castle Coun-ty Volunteer Fire Service and the Claymont Fire Company. Several months later, Chris joined the Wilmington Fire Department, where he was assigned to Engine 4B Platoon. He was only there for a couple of years before being transferred to the Special Operations Command of Engine 1B, where he was quickly recognized for his work, and then Rescue 1B. At the time of his passing, he was serving with Engine 6. All this time, Chris never stopped learning and improving. He never stopped acting on his passion for fire-fighting. He researched and applied for and earned a $200,000 grant for extra training and equipment. He wrote the standard operating procedures for the Special Operations Command. He trained as an instructor in NIMS, the National Incident Management Sys-tem, and made sure that every Talleyville volunteer member became certified in the NIMS system. He served on the Newcastle County Task Force Rescue Team and earned a bach-elor of science degree in fire service ad-ministration from Waldorf University. Throughout a long and distinguished firefighting career, Chris was con-stantly achieving and growing, saving lives and building new skills. Described by so many I have spoken to as a ‘‘fire-fighter’s firefighter,’’ his commitment to his brothers and sisters at the fire-house was relentless. If he thought the department needed something done, he would go do it himself. If the fire com-pany couldn’t afford something, he would find a way to make it happen. That commitment went beyond just his professional leadership. I have heard from so many who said Chris was a good, loyal, and faithful friend. He was a softball teammate and also a prac-tical joker, a lover of Billy Joel and Lynyrd Skynyrd, a so-called Mr. Fix- It, and king of nicknames. He was a big guy with a big heart and a deep voice who couldn’t hide when he entered a room. Chris was someone who volun-teered at the firehouse on his days off and visited elementary schools to talk about his love of firefighting and to help persuade a young generation to join him. As his friend Andy Millis described him, Chris ‘‘was a lieutenant you want-ed to work for.’’ He loved his job, he loved his colleagues, and he loved his responsibility, but there was nothing he loved more than his family. His mother Fran, his sister Katie and Katie’s wife Carolee, his fiancee Kate and her boys Landon and Casey. Most of all, Chris loved his beautiful chil-dren. He said there was nothing greater than being a father to his kids, Brendon, age 16; Abby, 14; and Megan, 12. He took them camping and fishing, to the beach and Cub Scouts, and al-ways found a way to be there for their every activity. Chris lived for his kids. Chris lost his own father Michael to cancer in 2004 and always kept his dad’s funeral card in his helmet. Chris honored his father by being a great dad himself, just as Michael was to him. We can only hope that in the brief time each of us has here, that we shine brightly and relentlessly for the people we love and the community we serve. Few shine as brightly as Chris Leach did. With that, I yield the floor to my col-league from Delaware Senator CARPER , who will share some words about an-other hero we also lost on Saturday, senior firefighter Jerry Fickes. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I thank my colleague C
HRIS COONS for allowing me to join him and together offer this tribute to Chris Leach and Jerry Fickes. Earlier today, the floor was busy with activity—and really joyful activ-ity—as Democrats and Republicans tried to work together to come to an agreement on a spending plan to fund our government past the end of this fis-cal year and into the beginning of the coming fiscal year. We worked out some difficult compromises. There was actually a lot of joy here as we said goodbye to one another and headed for our respective States until after the election. So on the heels of what was really a rather joyous afternoon comes a far more serious one, and that is the op-portunity to say goodbye and to say thank you to a couple of Delawareans who were really true public servants who tragically lost their lives this past weekend in trying to save the lives of others—Chris Leach and Jerry Fickes. I am going to talk about Jerry, since Senator C
OONS has shared with us some wonderful words about Lieutenant Chris Leach. On Saturday, Jerry Fickes, a 13-year veteran of the Wilmington Fire Depart-ment, rushed into a burning home along with his colleague, Chris and others, when a member of the team be-lieved to be Chris became trapped in the blaze. They were told, I understand from those who were present at the fire, that when the Wilmington Fire Department showed up, they were led to believe that there were people inside the house; the house was on fire, and they needed to be saved. Once inside the building, I think they went into the basement, but the floor above them ap-parently gave way, and their lives were lost in that fire. Two other firefighters were critically burned, and, hopefully, they are going to live, but one was burned on 70 per-cent of her body. Our hopes and prayers are with her and with her fellow col-league who also received very serious burn damage. Jerry Fickes was a husband, a father, a U.S. Army veteran, and a beloved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.113 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6247 September 28, 2016 
member of Delaware’s firefighter fam-ily. That is a strong family, as Senator C
OONS knows—a strong family and strong bond. We are very proud of them all. He was born not in Delaware but in Evanston, IL, to his mom Jo Ann who sadly predeceased him, and to his fa-ther Jerry after whom Jerry Fickes, Jr., is named. Jerry grew up in Illinois and later moved to Overland Park, KS, a suburb of Kansas City. Jerry’s early life was full of innocent mischief and football games outside with his neighbors and his five brothers and sisters: Karen, Jeri, Kimberly, Steven, and David. The neighborhood kids played to-gether so much—constantly crossing through each other’s yards, I am told, to get to different houses—that the neighbors were unsuccessful at keeping shrubs along their proper line. It re-minds me of growing up in Danville, VA. When Jerry started his freshman year at Washburn University in To-peka, KS, his grades were less than stellar, but in reality Jerry was just bored. Once he joined the Army ROTC, things turned around. The Army ROTC gave him structure, and he became very driven and goal oriented. By the time he reached his junior year in col-lege, during which he would meet his future wife Laura while she was work-ing the phone in their dorm’s office, Jerry had it all together. Jerry was a serious student, but he was also known to be a fun-loving guy. He graduated with a degree in com-puter science and mathematics but also had a lot of gym credits because he made being active a priority. His motto became ‘‘Mind, Body, Spirit: If you have all three, then you’re sound.’’ College and the ROTC taught Jerry there is lot more to learning than just memorizing facts, and that is when ev-erything started to click for Jerry. He took actuarial exams before graduating college and started his obligation to the Army with officer training in Fort Benning. He took a test and scored so well that the Army asked him what he would like to do. That doesn’t happen every day. Jerry told them he wanted to join the infantry because he wanted to make a difference, and that is where we felt he could best do it. I think that tells us a lot about the kind of man Jerry Fickes was. His wife Laura recalls the first time she met Jerry—in a tiny office in his dorm building where she answered the phones. When people would call for him, everyone would say his name dif-ferently—Fix, Ficks—and Laura could never find his name in the directory until finally one day she met him in person. She asked him: How do you say your name? He just replied: You can say whatever you want to say, and walked away. Little did she or he know that someday she would take that name, just a few years later, as her own. Once married, Jerry had the oppor-tunity to become an actuary with Alico in Wilmington, DE, a company with which Senator COONS and I are well familiar, and the newlyweds with their hard-to-pronounce last name came to the East Coast. Jerry worked at Alico for a while and then later be-came a consultant for Ernst and Young in Philadelphia. But something always nagged at Jerry. Jerry had the heart of a servant, and when the first gulf war came around, he knew he could use his train-ing in chemical warfare to be an asset to the Army. He called his reserve unit in Kansas to be put on the activation list, but at the time, and much to his wife’s relief, he was not called up. But Jerry wanted to do more, so it didn’t surprise Laura one bit when Jerry decided to join the Aetna Hose Hook and Ladder Company in Newark, DE, as a volunteer firefighter. For over a decade, he selflessly juggled his fire-fighting duties with a full-time career in financial services and a new family that would eventually include two young sons, Ben and Josh. It also didn’t surprise Laura when, after 12 years of volunteering, Jerry could no longer ignore his true calling. He gave up his job at financial services to work full-time with the Wilmington fire company. From day one, Jerry jumped at the chance to take every call that came in on his shift. Because of this, his fellow firefighters called Jerry a dynamo. Sometimes his determination to get the job done right would leave Jerry covered in melted roof shingles or draped in insulation from an attic, while everyone else’s gear was nearly clean. Those mischievous days running around the neighborhood in Kansas weren’t far off. Around the firehouse, Jerry was known, very much like Chris Leach, as a prolific prankster. His friends recall that he would often pull a prank and then sit back, watching and waiting as everyone tried to figure out who was responsible for this latest joke. Jerry lived a full life, but perhaps no job was more important to him than helping to raise two sons, Ben and Josh. He was also interested in hearing about his sons and even about their friends, their interests, their goals, and their projects. He was the first to help them research a science project, chap-erone big gatherings, or teach Sunday school at Grace Lutheran Church in Hockessin. Even though Jerry didn’t care much for running, he knew how much his son Ben did. Jerry was so interested in his son’s passion that Jerry did the first few triathlons with Ben, and this past May they both ran a marathon. Imag-ine that: son and father. And they were both getting excited to run the next race. In fact, just last week Jerry was thrilled to learn that his son had quali-fied for the Boston Marathon, a huge point of pride for him. Ben, a Charter School of Wilmington graduate and now a freshman at North-eastern in Boston, and Josh, a junior at Charter, both learned from their dad what is really important in life; that is, to serve others. To shake adults’ hands and look them right in the eye, to give up your seat on the subway or the bus or the train for somebody else. That is the way Jerry lived his life, and that is what he passed down to his chil-dren. Jerry was a true public servant. He devoted his entire adult life to others. He was also a man of deep faith. His service, and ultimately his sacrifice, reminds me—and I know Senator C
OONS —of a passage from the Book of John: ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ While no words can ease the suffering of Jerry’s family, we seek solace in the memory of a life lived for others and a life given to others by a brave and self-less man. I pray and will continue to pray for Jerry’s wife of 26 years, Laura; their two sons, Ben and Josh; Jerry’s dad, Jerry, Sr.; his brothers, Steven and David; his sisters, Karen, Jeri, and Kimberly; and many, many nieces and nephews and his brothers and sisters in the Wilmington fire service. Words can never express the pride we have in our hearts for our firefighters in Delaware, the City of Wilmington, and throughout our State. How grate-ful we are for their sacrifice and for that of their families because the work they do every day and the work Jerry did and really gave up his life for is un-like any other. From the moment he and his fellow firefighters put on that uniform every morning, they answered a call that they knew could put their lives at risk in just a moment. I am reminded of the words of the firefighters’ prayer that goes some-thing like this: ‘‘When I am called to duty, God, wherever flames may race, give me the strength to save some life, whatever be its age . . . and if, accord-ing to our fate, I have to lose my life, please bless with Your protecting hand my children and my wife.’’ The prayer embodies the selflessness that Jerry Fickes displayed every sin-gle day. He took an oath to serve, knowing that one day he might not come home but feeling even more strongly that he had to help others. Now it is my hope that our community of Delaware can be a part of protecting him and looking after Jerry’s family, his wife, and children, helping to com-fort them in their time of need and looking out for them in the days to come. To all of Delaware’s firefighters who are in mourning, who continue to put on their gear every day to go to work to protect our communities, we salute you. We say thank you. And thank you for your unwavering commitment to lives lived in service to others. You are an inspiration to us all. So was Jerry. God bless each and every one of you, and may God bless Jerry Fickes. I yield the floor. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I thank Senator C
ARPER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.115 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6248 September 28, 2016 
Before we conclude, let us share our deepest gratitude to Ardythe Hope and to Brad Speakman, two Wilmington firefighters who were also badly in-jured in Saturday’s fire. They are still in the hospital, Chester Crozer, recov-ering, and we pray for a speedy recov-ery. We are thankful as well for the safety of John Cawthray and Peter Cramer and Terrance Tate, firefighters who were also injured in the fire and for all of their colleagues. For Delaware’s first responder com-munity, in some ways, tomorrow will be like any other. Our firefighters, our police officers, our EMTs and para-medics will be on call, keeping us safe and secure, and we, the rest of us in our community and State and country, will go on about our lives, many folks real-ly not thinking about them until the moment we need them. But no matter what we are doing and what we are thinking, when their shift starts, they will be on it. They will be on duty ready to run without hesitation, even into situations that would cause the rest of us to run in the opposite direc-tion. As Christiana Fire Chief Rich Perillo said this past Sunday, ‘‘the only thing we ever signed up to do is to protect our neighbors and neighborhoods, and that we will continue to do no matter what comes our way.’’ We are both so grateful for the dedi-cation, the service, and the love shown by the Delaware fire service to protect neighbors. In that sense, today and to-morrow and the days after will be like any other in that we can continue to rely on our first responders, and we are grateful for that. But in so many other ways—in the ways that truly matter— it just will not be the same. For Chris’s and Jerry’s families and friends, for their brothers and sisters at the firehouse, for all the members of our first responder community, and for all the Delawareans who had a chance to work or serve with them and to be protected by them, things will not be the same. That is why we pray for their families. We pray that tomorrow will be just a little easier for them than today and that the next day a little easier than tomorrow, and so on, until the pain is eventually matched by the joy that comes from remembering someone you love and by the grateful-ness we all feel for having had the privilege to know someone special. One of life’s unsung joys is the look in a child’s face in the presence of one of their heroes. Have you ever seen a young child as a fire truck goes by? Their eyes are wide with amazement. The station door rises, sirens wale, the lights flash, and the bright red truck goes by with an American flag waving off the back. As adults, we notice it. We take notice. We wonder what might have happened, and we go back to our day. Even though a child doesn’t know where the truck is going, they know that is what a hero looks like. As a father, I look at firefighters like Chris and Jerry with the same sense of awe that young children do, not just because of their uniforms or the sirens or the truck but because of their deep and lifelong commitment to do a dan-gerous job. They loved their children and their families. They have been there for their friends and neighbors. They have served their communities and their brothers and sisters and firehouse tire-lessly, all while risking their lives every day, leaving for a shift not know-ing if they would come home that night or the next morning. That is what a hero looks like. This week and the weeks to come, I know Senator C
ARPER and I and our whole community will remember, mourn, pray for, and be grateful for Chris and Jerry. Like a child watching an engine rush by, we will see their lives fly by in our memories and our tributes knowing they went by too quickly, leaving us before we can truly appreciate where they are going or why. But amidst so much we cannot know, we can take solace in knowing that they are going there for a reason far bigger than any one of us. And as we watch their lives pass by in our memories, we can say to our-selves what the child says when he sees a fire truck go by: That is what a hero looks like. Let me leave you with the same pas-sage from Scripture shared by Senator C
ARPER from John 15. ‘‘Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends.’’ Thank you, Chris and Jerry, for your sacrifice, your service, your love, and for laying down your lives for all of us. I thank Senator C
ARPER for joining me tonight. Mr. CARPER. I thank Senator C
OONS  for those beautiful, heartfelt words. A few years ago, the Senator who would have joined me and who would have joined Bill Roth before me would have been J
OEBIDEN, who served here for six terms. He was someone who loved the fire service in Delaware and is still beloved by them. I have heard J
OEsay a number of times—and I know Senator C
OONS has as well—these words when talking to people who had a serious loss in their life. He would say something such as this: May soon come the day when the memory of the one you have loved and lost brings a smile to your face before it brings a tear to your eye. That would be my prayer for these families, the Leach family and the Fickes family. Thank you. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:31 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, September 29, 2016, at 10 a.m. NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
JANE MARIE DOGGETT, OF MONTANA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2022, VICE CATHY M. DAVID-SON, TERM EXPIRED. DIANE SUZETTE HARRIS, OF UTAH, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2022, VICE PAULA BARKER DUFFY, TERM EXPIRED. VIRGINIA JOHNSON, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2020, VICE AARON PAUL DWORKIN, TERM EXPIRED. SYLVIA OROZCO, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2022, VICE PAUL W. HODES, TERM EX-PIRED. 
STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
WILFREDO MARTINEZ, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2019. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
GLENN FINE, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE, VICE JON T. RYMER, RESIGNED. 
CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  
BRENT FRANKLIN NELSEN, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COR-PORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING FOR A TERM EX-PIRING JANUARY 31, 2022. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JEFFREY DELAURENTIS, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CUBA. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. BRIAN E. HASTINGS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. DIXON R. SMITH 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate September 28, 2016: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KENNETH P. EKMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JON T. THOMAS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ALFRED F. ABRAMSON III COL. PETER B. ANDRYSIAK, JR. COL. ROBERT W. BENNETT, JR. COL. JONATHAN P. BRAGA COL. JOHN W. BRENNAN, JR. COL. DAVID E. BRIGHAM COL. MIGUEL A. CORREA COL. CLEMENT S. COWARD, JR. COL. PATRICK J. DONAHOE COL. CHRISTOPHER T. DONAHUE COL. ROBERT L. EDMONSON II COL. SCOTT L. EFFLANDT COL. DAVID J. FRANCIS COL. PAUL H. FREDENBURGH COL. DAVID M. HAMILTON COL. NEIL S. HERSEY COL. LONNIE G. HIBBARD COL. JOHNNIE L. JOHNSON, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:56 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.117 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6249 September 28, 2016 
COL. OMAR J. JONES IV COL. MARK H. LANDES COL. DAVID A. LESPERANCE COL. STEPHEN J. MARANIAN COL. DOUGLAS M. MCBRIDE, JR. COL. MATTHEW W. MCFARLANE COL. STEPHEN L. MICHAEL COL. CHRISTOPHER O. MOHAN COL. LAURA A. POTTER COL. ANTHONY W. POTTS COL. ROBERT A. RASCH, JR. COL. KENNETH T. ROYAR COL. DOUGLAS A. SIMS II COL. STEPHEN G. SMITH COL. JOHN C. ULRICH COL. ROBERT F. WHITTLE, JR. COL. DAVID WILSON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. JOHN E. HYTEN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. CHRISTOPHER W. GRADY 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN F. THOMPSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ROBERT D. MCMURRY, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. REYNOLD N. HOOVER 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
RENA BITTER, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE LAO PEOPLE’S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC. SUNG Y. KIM, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES. ANDREW ROBERT YOUNG, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO BURKINA FASO. W. STUART SYMINGTON, OF MISSOURI, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA. JOSEPH R. DONOVAN JR., OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA. UNITED NATIONS  
CHRISTOPHER COONS, OF DELAWARE, TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY–FIRST SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEM-BLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. RONALD H. JOHNSON, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY–FIRST SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEM-BLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF SCOTT E. WILLIAMS, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOHN D. CINNAMON, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ALFRED G. TRAYLOR II, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MARK C. ANARUMO, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF STEVEN C. M. HASSTEDT, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF KARL E. NELL, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF TODD D. WOLFORD, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF LANCE L. JELKS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF MATTHEW A. LEVINE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DANIEL J. DONOVAN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DONNA A. MCDERMOTT, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF THOMAS M. HEARTY, TO BE COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JORDAN M. ADLER AND ENDING WITH RICHARD C. WONG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN A. ALLEN AND ENDING WITH TIMBERON C. VANZANT, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER D. AYALA AND ENDING WITH ANDREW S. WEST, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FRANCIS B. CARNABY AND ENDING WITH REBECCA I. SUMMERS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BENJAMIN R. ADDISON AND ENDING WITH RUSSELL P. WOLFKIEL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSHUA C. ALCAZAR AND ENDING WITH JUI I. YANG, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SILAS O. CAR-PENTER AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER E. WELLS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GALO A. CAVALCANTI AND ENDING WITH AUDRA M. VANCE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER T. ABPLANALP AND ENDING WITH RYAN E. ZYVITH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVEN M. ARBOGAST AND ENDING WITH JOSEPH M. STARK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DORIAN R. ACKER AND ENDING WITH JASON YORK, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 22, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL A. AMMENDOLA AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL B. ZIMET, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 22, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DIANA ISABEL ACOSTA AND ENDING WITH ELISA JOELLE ZOGBI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JENNISA PAREDES AND ENDING WITH JAMORAL TWINE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 13, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JORGE A. ABUDEI AND ENDING WITH DEBORAH KAY JONES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN ROBERT ADAMS AND ENDING WITH DAVID M. ZWICK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:35 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.008 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1385 September 28, 2016 
VOTING RIGHTS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 21, 2016 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, to help our constituents gain a better understanding of the negative impact of the Supreme Court de-cision, on May 20, 2016, I hosted a forum ti-tled ‘‘Protect Your Future: Restore the Vote.’’ My co-chairs were Representative L
INDA S
A´NCHEZ , Chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus; Representative J
UDY CHU, Chair of the Asian Pacific American Caucus; and spe-cial guest, Representative K
AREN BASS. The event was organized to educate constituents on the devastating impact of the Supreme Court decision, Shelby County vs. Holder. Members from our communities heard ex-pert testimony from the National Association for Latino Elected and Appointed Officials (NALEO) regarding the devastating impacts of the decision upon the Voting Rights Act. I in-clude in the R
ECORD the expert testimony of Arturo Vargas, Executive Director of NALEO. 
WRITTEN TESTIMONY BYARTURO VARGAS , EX-
ECUTIVE DIRECTOR , NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  
OFLATINO ELECTED AND APPOINTED OFFI-
CIALS (NALEO) E DUCATIONAL FUND, BEFORE  
THECONGRESSIONAL FIELD FORUM ENTITLED  ‘‘P
ROTECT YOUR FUTURE : R ESTORE THE  V
OTE’’—L OSANGELES , CA M AY20, 2016 U.S. Representative Roybal-Allard, U.S. Representative Chu, U.S. Representative Sa´nchez, U.S. Representative Bass: thank you for extending the opportunity to submit testimony concerning the status of Latino voting rights and protection of all Ameri-cans’ equal right to vote. The NALEO Educational Fund is the na-tion’s leading non-profit, non-partisan orga-nization that promotes full Latino participa-tion in the American political process, from citizenship to public service. Our constitu-ency encompasses the more than 6,000 Latino elected and appointed officials nationwide, and includes Republicans, Democrats, and Independents. For several decades, the NALEO Educational Fund has been at the forefront of efforts to advance policies that protect Latino voting rights, and ensure that Latinos are fully engaged as voters and have a fair opportunity to choose their elected leaders. We have advocated passage of state and federal voting rights legislation includ-ing the reauthorization of key provisions of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (VRA). We have also provided direct assistance to vot-ers encountering barriers to casting ballots through our year-round, bilingual hotline, 888–VE–Y–VOTA, and through nationwide dissemination of bilingual voting rights pub-lic service announcements, palm cards, and other materials. 
DISCRIMINATORY VOTING LAWS THREATEN  
ELECTION 2016  As the 2016 Presidential election ap-proaches, we are extremely concerned about policy developments that will severely im-pede the robust participation of Latinos and all Americans in our nation’s democracy. The legal landscape against which the elec-tion will play out has rarely changed as dra-matically as it did between the 2012 and 2016 election cycles. For almost 50 years, the VRA’s signature provision protected voters in jurisdictions that had a demonstrated pro-pensity to adopt discriminatory policies. During Election 2012, in nine entire states and selected towns and counties in seven ad-ditional states, no new voting law or admin-istrative change in voting procedures could be implemented unless the U.S. Department of Justice or a federal court first determined it to be free of discriminatory motive and impact. This VRA-mandated preclearance procedure stopped more than 1,000 problem-atic provisions from taking effect between 1965 and 2013, when the Supreme Court de-cided Shelby County v. Holder. When it effectively ended most jurisdic-tions’ preclearance obligations, the Court’s Shelby County decision inspired a wave of restrictive election lawmaking, and rapid implementation of laws that had been on hold, in states in which the potential influ-ence of underrepresented voters has been dramatically increasing. For example, nine of the 12 states whose Latino populations grew most rapidly between 2000 and 2010 en-acted laws that made it harder to register and vote between 2010 and 2014. In six of the nine states that saw more than a 100% in-crease in their Latino populations between the 2000 and 2010 decennial Censuses, there are new provisions in effect that will make voting in 2016 more difficult than it was in 2012. Moreover, nine of the 15 states covered in whole or part by preclearance procedures at the time of the Shelby County decision adopted new statewide voting restrictions between 2008 and 2016. Restrictive election lawmaking and admin-istrative practices continue to have a dis-proportionately negative effect on Latinos’ ability and propensity to be active partici-pants in our democracy. The confluence be-tween places where Latino and other under-represented voters’ political influence is in-creasing and places that have impaired ac-cess to the ballot strongly suggests that the discriminatory chilling impact of restrictive policies is not a coincidence, but a moti-vating factor behind their enactment. Restrictive voting policies implemented since 2012 include barriers to voter registra-tion, measures that leave registrants with less opportunity to vote, and changes that reduce the potential influence of underrep-resented communities’ votes. New statewide laws alone, which have been implemented in at least 19 states, will make it more difficult for more than 875,000 eligible Latino voters to cast ballots in November 2016. In addition to enacted laws, some elections officials’ ad-ministrative choices will impede Latino ac-cess to the ballot in 2016. For example, a de-cision to close two-thirds of polling places in Maricopa County, Arizona, just a few short weeks in advance of the 2016 Presidential pri-mary produced hours-long lines to vote, par-ticularly in neighborhoods with large popu-lations of underrepresented voters. Set forth below is a summary of these restrictive poli-cies; attached to this testimony is our re-port, Latino Voters at Risk: Assessing the Impact of Restrictive Voting Changes in Election 2016, which provides a detailed de-scription of the policies and their impact on the Latino electorate. Verification of Citizenship at Registration: Since 2012, multiple states have begun to regularly check registrants’ citizenship. Some states will not process new registra-tion applications until receiving documen-tary proof of U.S. citizenship, while other states review their existing registration lists to identify possible non-citizen registrants. Latinos are disproportionately likely to be wrongly singled out as suspected non-citi-zens, because a larger-than-average share of the Latino electorate is composed of natural-ized citizens who interacted with govern-ment agencies prior to naturalizing and who frequently appear in outdated records as non-citizens. Eligible Latino voters are also overrepresented among U.S. citizens who lack documents concerning their citizenship, and who face steep barriers to obtaining that documentation. As a result, Latinos are more likely than people of other races and ethnicities to be prevented from registering or maintaining registration by citizenship verification procedures. Earlier Registration Deadlines: Although advanced technology has reduced the practical need to compile lists of eligible voters in advance of voting periods, some ju-risdictions have nonetheless moved voter registration deadlines to earlier dates for 2016. Shortening the available period for voter registration impairs the Latino vote because Latino voters frequently lack basic information about the voting process. Young and naturalized voters who are the least likely to have meaningful voting experience constitute much larger percentages of the Latino electorate than of voters of other races and ethnicities, for example. Latinos are also more highly mobile than voters of other races and ethnicities, and thus more likely to have to re-register at a new address to preserve their right to vote in any given election year. In states that are tightening registration deadlines, the relatively large number of Latinos who must take action well in advance of Election Day are at heightened risk of exclusion from the polit-ical process. Expanded Reasons for Cancellation or Rejection of Registrations: Since 2012, some states have adopted new provisions that expand the circumstances in which election officials must cancel existing registration records or reject new registra-tion applications. As is the case with earlier registration deadlines, these measures make it more likely that Latinos and other people who are less knowledgeable about and expe-rienced with the voting process will be ex-cluded from participating in elections mere-ly because of a technical requirement and not for any substantive reason. Restrictions on Third Party Voter Registration Activities: In the past four years, jurisdictions have continued to make it more difficult for com-munity-based organizations and individuals not affiliated with a government entity to help register new voters. Restrictions on third party registration activities are likely to exacerbate the troubling gap between white and Latino voter registration rates, since disproportionately large percentages of Latinos indicate that they register to vote at a public location associated with a com-munity registration drive, such as a school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.001 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1386 September 28, 2016 
or shopping center. Moreover, community- based organizations that are known and trusted also have more incentive and oppor-tunity to reach and engage low-propensity voters than government officials and politi-cians. Hindering their efforts may signifi-cantly reduce the likelihood that eligible, unregistered Latinos will be asked by anyone to take part in an election. Imposition of Strict Voter ID Requirements: The strict voter ID laws implemented in a number of jurisdictions around the country since 2012 inhibit qualified members of the electorate from casting ballots, because mil-lions of American adults do not possess any of the personal identification documents that strict ID laws require. Individuals who do not already hold a valid form of voter ID face numerous potential barriers to obtain-ing a qualifying document, including inabil-ity to pay application fees, difficulty arrang-ing transportation to identification-issuing locations during business hours, and lack of access to documents like birth certificates that are mandatory precursors to obtaining ID. Eligible Latino voters account for dis-proportionate shares of both those without ID and those who confront significant or in-surmountable barriers to obtaining ID. In addition, studies indicate that Latinos are disproportionately likely to mistakenly pre-sume they lack the ID required to vote, and to decline to attempt to vote as a result of apprehension about the scrutiny they will face at the polls. Shortened In-Person Early Voting Periods: In recognition of the increasing demands on Americans’ time, many jurisdictions have extended voting days and hours in the past fifteen years, and many voters have taken advantage of early voting periods. Against this backdrop, jurisdictions that have moved in the opposite direction to limit the voting options available to their citizens stand out for their recalcitrance. Latino voters are more likely than others to lack workplace flexibility, and also to shoulder childcare re-sponsibilities, both factors that leave poten-tial Latino voters with less ability to vote where polling places are open on fewer days and for fewer hours. Unsurprisingly, the states with the highest early voting rates are disproportionately Latino: the nine juris-dictions whose citizens were most likely to vote early in 2008 and 2012 are home to less than 26% of all of the nation’s voters, but 36% of all Latino voters in the country. Where early voting is constrained, Latinos are disproportionately likely to be nega-tively affected. Restrictions on Absentee Voting: Provisions that have made it more difficult to vote by mail also stand out as a contrast to the wider voting opportunities that im-proved technology generally has made pos-sible. Several states implemented new laws between November 2012 and Election Day 2016 that impose tighter deadlines on mail ballots, restrict assistors’ ability to deliver ballots for people with limited mobility, and make it more likely that mail ballots will be rejected. These and other measures that have made it more difficult to vote by mail are likely to have a disproportionate impact on Latino voters, because their demanding schedules and heightened likelihood of lack-ing access to personal transportation may force many to rely on mail balloting as the only logistically feasible voting option. Heightened Qualifications to Vote and Restric-tions on Counting Ballots: Restrictions on registration and voting mechanisms have gained currency among legislators from many different states in the years following the contentious Presidential election of 2000. Voter advocates have begun to win high-profile victories in legal chal-lenges to voter ID laws, proof of citizenship requirements, and shortened early voting pe-riods. However, simultaneously, jurisdictions have successfully pursued alternative legis-lative provisions that have not yet been the subject of successful anti-discrimination en-forcement actions. Examples of other voting restrictions likely to disproportionately im-pair Latino voters in November 2016 include felon disfranchisement in Kentucky; refusal to count any votes cast outside the correct precinct in North Carolina; and heightened barriers to the counting of provisional bal-lots in Ohio. Redistricting and Other Laws That Diminish Latino Voters’ Influence: Underrepresented voters’ influence can be limited not only by laws that create barriers to registration and voting, but also by laws that diminish the weight of their votes. Be-tween the 2012 and 2016 Presidential elec-tions, a number of jurisdictions have adopted new measures concerning redistricting and methods of election that impair the ability of underrepresented communities to elect the candidates of their choice. For example, some redistricting plans have included dis-tricts in which Latinos constitute a slight majority of the population, but are unlikely to constitute a majority of voters because so many of the individuals assigned to the dis-trict cannot or are not likely to vote. When Latinos have preferences for the candidates of their choice that are consistently dif-ferent from those of the majority white pop-ulation, whites and Latinos may vote in blocs and in opposition to one another, and the deliberate manipulation of district boundaries can ensure that Latino voter-pre-ferred candidates are consistently defeated. Barriers Imposed by Administrative Policy-making: As widespread as restrictive election law-making has been in state legislatures around the country between 2012 and 2016, discre-tionary decisions made by unelected admin-istrators—particularly those serving at mu-nicipal or other local levels—now pose at least an equal threat to underrepresented voters ability to participate in elections. With the exception of noncompliance with language assistance obligations, voting rights laws have rarely been used success-fully to challenge executive policymaking that has discriminatory effects. Thus, Latino voters are particularly vulnerable to nega-tive consequences of discriminatory or un-sound election administration. Among the administrative issues over which election ad-ministrators have discretionary control, those that may have the most deleterious ef-fect on Latinos’ ability to vote in 2016 in-clude decisions about registration list main-tenance and the processing of new registra-tion applications, the closing and consolida-tion of polling places, the allocation of re-sources among polling places, and the degree of effort invested in providing language as-sistance to voters not yet fully fluent in English. 
CONCLUSION —CONGRESS MUST RESTORE THE  
VRA TO FULL STRENGTH  Laws and policies that make it harder for Latinos to register and vote have a clear negative impact on the individuals who are individually prevented from taking part in elections by their inability to satisfy height-ened requirements. What may be less obvious is that restrictive measures inhibit even those who are not directly affected by them. The kinds of restrictive laws and policies that jurisdictions around the country have adopted since Election Day 2012 signal to members of the electorate that their voices and input as voters are not welcomed, but only grudgingly accepted when voters are willing to put in the effort to clear the hur-dles in their way. Because they discourage a broad group of potential voters at a time when voter participation has been in dan-gerous decline, policies that create barriers to the ballot box are the wrong policy choices for 2016. It is imperative that we in-stead encourage Latinos and all Americans to become more active participants in the political process by making the registration and voting process more accessible. We applaud Members of Congress for intro-ducing bipartisan legislation that would modernize the VRA. The Voting Rights Amendment Act, H.R. 885, and the Voting Rights Advancement Act, H.R. 2867, would ensure that discriminatory policies do not taint our political process, and that elec-tions are instead open to all Americans re-gardless of their race, ethnicity, or linguistic ability. We look forward to working with Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle to advance legislation that strengthens protection of the fair and equal opportunity to vote, and safeguards the integrity of our democracy for the long term. f FIRST RESPONDER ACCESS TO INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following cost estimate from the Congressional Budget Office regarding H.R. 5460. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, September 28, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 5460, the First Responder Access to Innovative Technologies Act. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Jacob Fabian. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE COST E
STIMATE  
H.R. 5460—FIRST RESPONDER ACCESS TO  
INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ACT  The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) provides grants to help state, local, and tribal governments develop their capacity to prevent, prepare for, and respond to acts of terrorism. Under current law, equipment purchased using such grants must meet voluntary standards, developed by FEMA in coordination with appropriate federal agencies, the National Advisory Council, and private entities. Requests to use grants to purchase equipment that does not meet such standards, or for which no such standards exist, are subject to further review and approval by FEMA. H.R. 5460 would require FEMA to imple-ment a uniform process for reviewing appli-cations for grants intended to support pur-chases of innovative equipment that does not meet or exceed current applicable standards or for which no voluntary standards exist. The bill also would require the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Se-curity to assess and report on FEMA’s imple-mentation of the new review process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.002 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1387 September 28, 2016 
Based on information from FEMA, CBO es-timates that implementing this legislation would not have a significant effect on the federal budget. According to the agency, grant recipients rarely request permission to purchase equipment that does not at least meet current standards or for which stand-ards do not exist. As a result, CBO expects that any administrative costs to establish, implement, assess, and report on the pro-posed process for reviewing such requests would be insignificant; such spending would be subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Enacting H.R. 5460 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you- go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting the bill would not increase net direct spending or on-budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods begin-ning in 2027. H.R. 5460 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or trib-al governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Jacob Fabian. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Di-rector for Budget Analysis. f 
DANGEROUS SYNTHETIC DRUG CONTROL ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Dangerous Syn-thetic Drug Control Act’’. I want to thank Con-gressman K
ATKO and Congressman D ENTfor their work on this important legislation. Earlier this year, Congress passed S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA. That historic legislation was vi-tally important because, today, the United States faces an epidemic of opioid abuse. More than 120 Americans are dying every day from overdoses. H.R. 3537 continues Congress’s stated commitment to stem the tide of drug abuse and death, by placing 22 synthetic substances on schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act. These 22 substances represent the ‘‘worst of the worst’’ synthetic drugs, and in-clude three varieties of fentanyl, a powerful opioid which is all too familiar to Members of this body, as well as to our constituents, fami-lies, and loved ones. Fentanyl is up to 100 times more powerful than morphine, and has led to a rash of deaths across the country. The federal agencies charged with battling drug abuse—specifically, the Drug Enforce-ment Administration, the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and the National Institute on Drug Abuse—have all concurred that these sub-stances are the ‘‘worst of the worst,’’ and have no medicinal use. People are overdosing and dying because of them right now. Congress cannot sit on its hands and allow this to con-tinue happening. I want to address a couple of misconcep-tions about this legislation. First, some have argued that the bill will prevent these sub-stances from being researched. But that is a specious claim. Federal law permits schedule I controlled substances to be researched, via FDA-approved ‘‘new drug’’ applications and DEA schedule I research registrations. The application requirements are significant, but that is appropriate since, again, these drugs are the worst of the worst. If you are experi-menting with these substances, which have killed people, you should be held to the high-est standards of scientific research. Second, some of my colleagues have ar-gued that this legislation would impose man-datory minimum sentences on people for sim-ple possession of these synthetic substances. Again, this is erroneous. In order to receive a mandatory minimum sentence under the Con-trolled Substances Act, a defendant has to possess more than a certain amount of a drug that appears on a list in federal law. None of the synthetic substances in H.R. 3537 appear on that list. As a result, even with the passage of this bill the only way a defendant could be subject to a mandatory minimum is if a user suffers death or serious bodily injury after con-suming the drug. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3537 is good, timely leg-islation that will criminalize some extremely dangerous substances that are killing Amer-ican citizens. It is a stopgap, since a more comprehensive solution is needed down the road, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on comprehensive synthetic drug legislation. But Congress must pass this legis-lation now to get these substances off the streets now. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant bill. f 
IN HONOR OF KELLY MCMILLIN 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable public service career of Chief Kelly McMillin, who is retiring after a 32- year-long career in law enforcement, that last 4 as the Chief of the Salinas, California, Police Department. Kelly has been a remarkable leader who led the Salinas Police Department through a particularly challenging period. I am particularly grateful for his work with my office to help convince the U.S. Department of Jus-tice in 2011 to include the City of Salinas as one of the initial 7 U.S. cities in the pilot Na-tional Forum on Youth Violence. I am proud of Kelly’s service and honored to call him a friend. Kelly began his law enforcement career in 1984 as a Deputy with the San Benito County Sheriff’s Department. In 1986, he transferred to the San Diego County Sheriff’s Department before joining the Salinas Police Department in 1988. As a Salinas Police Officer, Kelly has worked patrol, several anti-gang units, vice/ narcotics, administration, and various assign-ments as a detective including homicide. He was a SWAT operator, team leader and tac-tical commander. He has held the ranks of Of-ficer, Corporal, Sergeant, Lieutenant, Com-mander and Deputy Chief. He was appointed Chief of the Salinas Police Department on June 11, 2012, and was the first Chief to be promoted from within the ranks since 1965. While he was serving as a full time officer, Kelly earned an Associate’s Degree from Hartnell College, a BA from Saint Mary’s Col-lege, and a Masters of Public Policy from the Panetta Institute at California State University Monterey Bay. He is a 2003 graduate of the 213th session of the FBI National Academy at Quantico, Virginia. In 2012, the White House recognized Kelly as a ‘‘Champion of Change’’ for his work in youth violence prevention in 2012. Kelly is married to his wife Teresa, a Physi-cian Assistant who owns a cosmetic derma-tology practice in Salinas. Their son Liam has followed in his father’s public service footsteps and is currently a Plebe at the United States Military Academy at West Point. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole House in congratulating Chief Kelly McMillin on the occasion of his retirement and to thank him and his family for his many years of self-less service. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 45TH ANNIVER-SARY OF WEST ORLANDO BAP-TIST CHURCH 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge a special occasion for West Orlando Baptist Church in Winter Garden, Florida. West Orlando Baptist Church will celebrate their 45th anniversary and new building dedication on October 2, 2016. On October 3, 1971, more than 100 charter members founded Metropolitan Baptist Church in Pine Hills, Florida. Today, known as West Orlando Baptist Church it serves more than 700 in Winter Garden, FL. In honor of their 45th anniversary, West Orlando Baptist Church is dedicating a new 32,000-square foot expansion in Winter Garden, which includes a brand-new sanctuary and additional class-rooms. I would like to thank West Orlando Baptist Church for their 45 years of faithful ministry to our community and their dedication to Chris-tian leadership. Many lives have been im-pacted through the church’s ministry. On behalf of the people of Central Florida, it is my pleasure to recognize and congratu-late West Orlando Baptist Church on this mo-mentous occasion. May God continue to bless their church and ministry throughout future generations. 
f 
RESTORATION TUESDAY: UNITED WE STAND, DIVIDED WE FALL 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to address the dangerously divi-sive effect that voter suppression has had on this country and the pressing need to restore the vote. The unique diversity of the people of the United States of America is indeed one of our greatest strengths. However, it is our unity of principles that forms the strong foundation that our greatness is built upon. This country stands on the principles of liberty, justice and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.004 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1388 September 28, 2016 
equality for all. In order to maintain our posi-tion and place as one of the greatest nations in the world, we simply cannot stand for any efforts that would suppress a fundamental right of the American people. The right to a vote—to a voice is the cornerstone of our de-mocracy and we cannot continue to stand by idly while the right to vote continues to be trampled on simply because of Congress’ apa-thy and failure to act. Following the 2013 Supreme Court decision asking for a new preclearance formula in Shelby v. Holder, states all across the country put in place new suppressive voting laws mak-ing it harder, not easier for Americans to vote. The elderly, disabled, students and minorities have been disproportionately affected by these new laws blocking hundreds of thousands of Americans from the ballot box. It has been three years since the Supreme Court decision asking Congress for a modern-day preclearance formula—and for three years, Republican leaders in Congress have refused to take up bipartisan legislation to restore the Voting Rights Act. This is an election year and with less than 50 days from the Presidential election, we are facing the first time in over 50 years that Americans will not have the full protection of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. We are in des-perate need for immediate action to voting rights in this country. These threats to our de-mocracy and civil rights bar thousands of Americans from their right to the voting polls. Division in this country is both dangerous and destructive. We are never better when rights are restricted and we are always stronger when all voices can be heard. This is still the United States of America and as elected offi-cials and conduits of the Constitution—voting rights deserves our undivided attention. On this Restoration Tuesday, I give us all the charge to battle against the continued sup-pression of the American vote and stand strong by our principles of democracy, liberty and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, my Repub-lican colleagues should join the 178 members of Congress and support H.R. 2867—the Vot-ing Rights Advancement Act of 2015. Let’s re-store the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and give all Americans access to the voting polls—it’s the right thing to do. 
f 
THE OCCASION OF THE BIRTHDAY OF MR. ERIC JOHNSON 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the 50th birthday of a dear friend, Mr. Eric Johnson, be recognized on October 14th. A great patriot and Arizonan, my wife Joyce and I wish Mr. Johnson another 50 years of good health and happiness. Happy Birthday, Eric. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, on September 26, 2016, I missed two recorded votes on the House floor due to a family illness. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call 557 and YEA on Roll Call 558. f 
HONORING LIBBY MAYNARD AS 2016 NONPROFIT LEADER 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Libby Maynard of Humboldt County, who is being honored on September 30, 2016, by the Northern California Associa-tion of Nonprofits with the 2016 Nonprofit Leader Achievement Award, a recognition she richly deserves. Libby Maynard has served as co-founder and Executive Director of The Ink People Cen-ter for the Arts in Eureka since 1979. A pro-fessional printmaker, Libby co-founded The Ink People to support artists and educate the community about the arts. Under her leader-ship, The Ink People has grown to more than 400 members and provides exhibitions, per-formances, and educational opportunities for all ages. The program helps at-risk youth cre-ate positive change in their communities through the MARZ Project and provides ad-ministrative support, management, and capac-ity building through its DreamMaker Program to self-directed projects. With Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts de-grees from Humboldt State University in Arcata, Libby is an accomplished artist in her own right. Her artwork has been exhibited throughout California and is in collections across the nation. Libby Maynard is highly engaged in her community, serving as a consultant in non-profit management and program development, as well as director on many nonprofit boards, including Alliance for California Traditional Arts, Humboldt County Workforce Investment Board and Executive Committee, Humboldt County Convention and Visitors Bureau and Marketing Committee, and Access Humboldt and Finance Committee. Since 2005, Libby has served as staff to the City of Eureka’s Art & Culture Commission and sits on Eureka Main Street’s Public Arts Committee. Libby has received numerous awards and honors, including the Ingrid Nickelsen Award for a lifetime of commitment to the arts; The Selina Roberts Ottum Award from Americans for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Arts; California Association of Nonprofits’ Insurance Services’ Award for Excellence in Nonprofit Leadership; California Arts Council Director’s Special Award for Outstanding Con-tributions to the Local Arts Agency Field; and recognitions from the Hmong Community of the North Coast and Humboldt County Board of Supervisors, among many others. Mr. Speaker, Libby Maynard’s commitment to bettering her community through the ad-vancement of art and culture is commendable and worthy of recognition. I urge my col-leagues to join me in extending our congratu-lations to her. HONORING THE LIFE OF EDMUND EDELMAN HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Mr. Edmund Edelman—father, husband, grandfather, cel-list, politician, and activist—who passed away on September 12, 2016, at the age of 85. A lifelong resident of Los Angeles, Ed grew up on the Westside where he attended Bev-erly Hills High School. After serving in the Navy for two years, Ed earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and Bachelor of Laws degree, both from the University of California, Los Angeles. Ed’s service to the community began in these halls as a staff lawyer for a congres-sional subcommittee on education and labor and then as an attorney for the National Labor Relations Board. Ed served on the Los Angeles City Council from 1965 to 1974 to represent the 5th district. His progressive agenda helped the most vul-nerable citizens in this district. Some of his no-table accomplishments working as a City Councilman are creating support systems for the homeless and mentally ill, promoting pub-lic transportation, and protecting important landmarks from developers. Ed was elected in 1975 to the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors where he contin-ued to serve the community. In that position he continued to be proud of his title as an ‘‘un-abashed liberal.’’ During his time as a Super-visor, Ed was a champion for abused and ne-glected children by establishing the county’s Department of Children and Family Services and the Monterey Park court, which was later named for him. Ed was also a supporter for the arts and supported the renovations of the Hollywood Bowl to better promote cultural events in the community. Ed was a passionate advocate for public transit, leading the drive for Los Angeles to in-vest in mass transit both the in the San Fer-nando Valley and South Los Angeles. The Red Line connecting the North Hollywood to downtown and the Los Angeles-Long Beach Blue Line are here today because of the vision and drive of Ed Edelman. Ed retired from political office in 1994, but his public service did not end there. He contin-ued to help others by advising on different public policy matters a Senior Fellow at the RAND Corporation. He later worked for the City of Santa Monica to assist the homeless population and created a program to establish connections between homeless people and different social services. Ed’s legacy comes from his compassion for other people. The wide range of accomplishments in humani-tarian, environmental, and cultural endeavors has enduring impact on the community of Los Angeles. He is survived by his wife of 48 years, Mari; brother Raymond; sister; Sandra; daughters Erica Edelman Benadon and Emily Glickman; and grandchildren Jonah, Juliette, Adam, and Alexandra. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Ed Edelman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.003 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1389 September 28, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ROHRERSVILLE BAND HALL’S 100TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the community of Rohrersville and join with them in celebration of the Rohrersville Band Hall’s 100th Year Anniver-sary. The Rohrersville Band Hall was built by the community band and first opened its doors in 1916. The Rohrersville Band Hall has served as a rehearsal space, Town Hall, and concert venue to the people of Rohrersville for the last 100 years. The Rohrersville community’s commitment to preserving and maintaining this historic building is nothing short of inspiring. It is so critical to preserve and celebrate local history. So much has changed since 1916, but this building and the band who calls it home have stood the test of time. 
f 
CELEBRATING TAIWAN’S TEN TEN 
HON. MATT SALMON 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. SALMON. Mr. Speaker, on October 10, 2016, Taiwan celebrates the National Day of the Republic of China, more commonly known as double-ten day. I wish all Taiwanese a safe and happy National Day, and hope for many more to come. I lived in Taiwan for two years while serving a church mission, and quickly grew to love the people of Taiwan, their way of life, democratic values, and open-market principles. Taiwan has left a lasting impression on me and I have celebrated and worked to protect the U.S.-Taiwan relationship ever since. In Congress, I’ve striven to ensure that Tai-wan’s close friendship and faithfulness as a global citizen is never forgotten. Just this year, Taiwan reminded the world once again that a vibrant democracy can thrive in the region with the peaceful election of a new leader through genuinely free and fair elections. I congratu-late President Tsai once again and wish her well in leading her people. Congress has also acted to include Taiwan in the international community and prevent marginalization efforts by China. As the world grows smaller and more interconnected, it is not only unreasonable that Taiwan is not at the table, it is dangerous. For that reason, I want to express my profound disappointment that the United Nations failed to include Tai-wan in the International Civil Aviation Organi-zation Assembly this year. As we all know, Taiwan airports are among the busiest in the world, and pressure from China should not lead to putting passenger safety at risk. I urge the UN to include Taiwan as a participant in all future ICAO assemblies; in addition to all other international organizations as they would be a valuable addition to addressing our many global challenges. Congress and the United States stand firm in our commitment to Taiwan, and will con-tinue to do so. I look forward to celebrating another double-ten day along with my friends in Taiwan this year and in the years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING DYSAUTONOMIA AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the millions that fight each day against Dysautonomia, a group of debilitating medical conditions that result in a malfunction of the autonomic nervous system. This system is responsible for ‘‘automatic’’ bodily functions such as respiration, heart rate, blood pressure, digestion, and temperature control, things that many of us have the luxury of taking for grant-ed. Dysautonomia continues to significantly impact the lives of Americans across the United States especially in Western New York. As is, dysautonomia can be extremely de-bilitating but an often unseen symptom of this disability is the social isolation that accom-panies it. The stress on the families of those impacted coupled with the financial hardships warrant our recognition as well as awareness. I am proud to affirm that the outstanding char-acter and strong moral fiber of those in the Western New York community has provided the much needed support for the victims suf-fering from dysautonomia. Looking ahead, it will be crucial for the community to rally around these victims as they continue their hard fought battle against this disease. Dysautonomia awareness is monumental in the early detection of the disease due to the fact that most patients take years to be prop-erly diagnosed. Dysautonomia International, a non-profit organization that advocates on be-half of patients living with dysautonomia, en-courages communities to deepen their under-standing and be mindful of this challenging condition especially during Dysautonomia Awareness Month each October. The tireless efforts of the Dysautonomia community for in-creased research and accessible services will be recognized on Saturday, October 1 in my Congressional District as the color turquoise will bathe Niagara Falls and the Peace Bridge in the light of care, concern and continuing the fight to improve the lives of individuals living with this chronic condition. Currently, Dysautonomia International is funding research to develop more substantial treatments and hopefully find a cure for all forms of this condition in the future. I wanted to recognize the contributions of the professional medical community, patients and family members who are working to edu-cate our citizenry about dysautonomia throughout Western New York. They are de-serving of our support, recognition and re-spect. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in support for those suffering from the dev-astating medical condition and encourage them to spread awareness across our nation throughout and beyond the month of October. THE OCCASION OF TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, Beijing’s concentrated effort to isolate Taiwan from the global community, coupled with Taiwan’s am-biguous sovereignty status has contributed to its exclusion from many international organiza-tions and agreements. This is despite Tai-wan’s willingness and capability to be a major actor on the international stage. This past year, the world witnessed Tai-wan’s third peaceful transition to power as the first woman was elected in Taiwan. The 23 million people on the island of Formosa rep-resent the only democracy in the Chinese speaking world. While Taiwan might be sepa-rated by oceans and different cultures, we are united in our respect for democracy and human rights. As an economic partner and vital ally, the United States should aid Taiwan in ensuring its meaningful participation in international or-ganizations and bodies that it has expressed interest in participating. It is of vital importance for Taiwan’s inclusion in the International Civil Aviation Organization. Taiwan occupies a crit-ical geographical location and handles large cargo and passenger volumes. More than 47 foreign airlines operate flights from Taipei to over 100 international destinations. For the sake of passenger safety and international se-curity, it is crucial Taiwan be brought into the ICAO fold. Any exclusion from the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization is unnec-essary and unconstructive. On this noteworthy day Congress and the United States are provided the opportunity to evaluate our relationship with Taiwan. As such, the United States should work with Tai-wan and our allies to ensure Taiwan is fully in-cluded in the international community, includ-ing the ICAO. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SHEN-YI MICHELLE CHANG 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and bring attention to an out-standing individual who has come to the United States and demonstrated that the American Dream is still alive and waiting for those who are willing to strive for it and are committed to achieving it. Shen-Yi Michelle Chang, now residing in Phoenix, Arizona, has shown the grit and re-solve that has so long been a staple of Amer-ican pioneers across this country. She found-ed her own real estate firm and has excelled at real estate development and sales. In so doing, she has helped countless others achieve their dream of home ownership, a cor-nerstone of the American Dream. Her dynamic office is a mainstay of the community and em-ploys Arizonans from diverse backgrounds. Her peers have recognized her hard work and talent. Soon, Ms. Chang will be installed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.009 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1390 September 28, 2016 
as the 2017 President of the Arizona State Women’s Council of Realtors (WCR) and she will be the first Asian American to take office in its 78 year history. A woman dedicated to public service and the well-being of others, Ms. Chang serves on multiple commissions for the City of Chandler, Arizona. She has found-ed and runs numerous non-profits and even works in support of the local Little League team. It is an honor to recognize her hard work, diligence and determination. I congratulate Ms. Chang on behalf of the members of Congress and thank her for showing all of us what self- reliance and motivation can achieve and how such success can benefit one’s community. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Taiwan’s National Day, celebrated on October 10th, and to offer my best wishes to the people of Taiwan. Also known as Double Ten Day, since it takes place on the 10th day of the 10th month, this holiday marks a special time for the Taiwanese as they celebrate their rich cul-ture and take part in festivities across the country of Taiwan as well as here in the United States where Taiwanese-Americans have enhanced and diversified the culture of many cities and towns. The state of Texas has a strong bond with the Taiwanese, bolstered by the trade of agri-cultural goods and products. I am also proud to have joined several of my colleagues from Texas to cosponsor legislation geared towards fostering Taiwanese prosperity as well as sup-porting their admission to the United Nations. The 26th Congressional District of Texas has experienced great diversification and en-richment thanks to the people of Taiwan. I am glad to call them friends of Texas and friends of the 26th district. I wish the people of Taiwan all the best as they celebrate Double Ten Day. 
f 
HONORING LT. COL. IRA STEPHEN ‘‘SHOOTER’’ EADIE 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Lieutenant Colonel Ira Stephen ‘‘Shooter’’ Eadie, who died on September 20, 2016 while flying a routine training mission. At 9:05 am, the TU–2S piloted by Lt Col Eadie and his trainee crashed near the Sutter Buttes in California. They were assigned to the 1st Reconnaissance Squadron at Beale Air Force Base. Although both pilots ejected from the aircraft, Lt Col Eadie did not survive. Lt Col Eadie was a respected pilot who began his military career in the Navy, flying P– 3 patrol aircraft. He eventually joined the Air Force and became a U–2 pilot. The U–2 is a notoriously difficult aircraft to fly—becoming a U–2 pilot means you are among the very best. He was part of an elite, tight-knit group of pi-lots, whose flights more closely mirror those of astronauts—the U–2 flies at altitudes over 70,000 feet, at the very edge of the atmos-phere, affording the pilot breathtaking views of the horizon, watching nighttime creep across the Earth. Steve was a loving and devoted family man. He met his wife Ashley in Lake City, FL, and together they raised six children, and recently welcomed a granddaughter. Mr. Speaker, pilots fondly quote, ‘‘Oh! I have slipped the surly bonds of earth, and danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings’’. Today, it is my heartfelt honor to remember a cherished member of the flying community, Lt Col ‘‘Shooter’’ Eadie, who has put out his hand, and touched the face of God. In the days to come, may strength and comfort be granted to his family and friends, the 1st Re-connaissance Squadron and Beale Air Force Base, and the entire Dragon Lady community. f 
THANKING PATRICIA ORSINI FOR HER DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE HOUSE 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and thank Ms. Pa-tricia Orsini who is retiring on September 30, 2016, as the Director of the Wounded Warrior Program at the United States House of Rep-resentatives. Patricia joined the House of Representatives in February 2008 after a long and distin-guished career in the Marine Corps. For the past eight and a half years, Patricia has served as the first, and only, Director of the House Wounded Warrior Program. To embark on this endeavor, Patricia relied on the skills and instinct honed as a Marine and quickly rose to the challenge of creating a brand new program for our Nation’s Wounded Warriors. Through Patricia’s guidance, assistance, and expert placement, many Members of Con-gress have come to rely on the Fellows as tal-ented advisors and reliable advocates for mili-tary and veterans affairs issues. Every day, the Fellows are asked to attend and lead meetings with constituents, conduct policy analysis on complex issues, handle important and sensitive casework with the utmost care and compassion, and serve as a liaison with the Departments of Defense and Veterans Af-fairs. However, one only needs to look at the re-sults of the program to understand and appre-ciate that the true benefit rests with the Vet-erans and their families. Over the course of the program’s eight year history, Patricia helped place 142 Wounded Warriors into fel-lowships in Washington, DC and District Of-fices nationwide. Of those, 23 Fellows transitioned to full-time employment with the Member office. An additional 53 accepted a full-time position outside of the House of Rep-resentatives. Fifteen other Fellows advanced their career path by accepting a job with the Department of Veterans Affairs. All in all, 75 percent of the Wounded Warrior fellows either accepted a full-time position or returned to col-lege after completing their assignment with the Member office. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to commend and thank Patricia for her military service. Pa-tricia began her career in the Marines in 1975 as the Assistant Editor at the Marine Corps In-stitute in Washington, DC. Over the next 33 years, she rose to become a Master Gunnery Sergeant, which is the highest rank an en-listed Marine can achieve. Patricia retired from the Marine Corps in 2008 as the Program Manager for the Wounded Warrior Regiment in Quantico, Virginia. Clearly Patricia’s background in the Marine Corps made her the right candidate to serve as the first and, up to this point, only Director of the House of Representatives Wounded Warrior Program. On behalf of the entire House community, we extend congratulations to Patricia Orsini for her many years of dedication, outstanding contributions, and service to the United States House of Representatives and to our grateful Nation. We wish Patricia many great years in ful-filling her retirement dreams. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE 15TH ANNI-VERSARY OF HEALTHLINK DEN-TAL CLINIC IN SOUTHAMPTON 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, HealthLink Dental Clinic opened its doors in 2001 in Southampton, Bucks County Pennsylvania as a medical and dental clinic providing free care to underserved adults. The 15th anniversary, this year, marks the opening of a free dental clinic. The change from a medical-dental facil-ity to a dental clinic resulted from the in-creased availability to healthcare through ex-pansion of the eligibility requirements for Med-icaid coverage and the Affordable Care Act. But little progress has been made regarding access to dental care; therefore, in March 2015, HealthLink Dental Clinic, Inc. became a sole provider of dental care with an expansion of the clinic and collaboration with Temple University’s Kornberg School of Dentistry. Congratulations on this milestone and for rec-ognizing a need in Bucks and Montgomery counties, and stepping in. In so doing, HealthLink has set an example of profes-sionalism and charitable giving for others to follow. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ST. JOHN MACOMB-OAKLAND HOSPITAL 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate St. John Macomb-Oakland Hospital in Warren as it celebrates its 50th anniversary this year. In 1955, the greater Warren Chamber of Commerce and others recognized a need for quality health care and so began the effort to build a hospital in the south end of Macomb 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.012 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1391 September 28, 2016 
County. The city of Warren purchased the land and an ambitious community fund drive led to the groundbreaking of a new 202-bed hospital, South Macomb Hospital which first opened its doors to patients on March 1, 1966. As the city and region saw growth, so did South Macomb Hospital. In 1974, South Macomb Hospital opened the west tower and over the next several years continued to add additional floors to the east wing. By 1987, the hospital changed its name to Macomb Hos-pital Center in recognition of its wider geo-graphic outreach and expansion of services. In 1997, the Macomb Hospital Center joined the St. John Health System and became St. John Macomb Hospital. The hospital contin-ued to grow and gave residents of southeast Michigan access to quality health care at a state of the art facility. St. John Macomb Hos-pital provided patients with comprehensive prevention, primary care, and advanced treat-ment programs through the additions to their surgery center, OR, ICU, Webber Cancer Center and Cardiac Intervention Center. And in 2007, St. John Macomb joined with St. John Oakland to create the current St. John Macomb-Oakland Hospital. The two campuses in Madison Heights and Warren are now home to over 1,200 physicians and 195 residents, 3,436 nurses and associates, 600 volunteers, all faithfully caring for the patients who walk through the door. I’ve had the pleasure of seeing firsthand the growth of St. John Macomb-Oakland Hospital and have enjoyed many opportunities to meet with hospital administrators, doctors, nurses, and patients to discuss critical health care issues. We’ve discussed challenges such as the effects of sequestration on the hospitals, and the impact of proposed cuts to Medicare. And we have discussed the importance of the Affordable Care Act on patients’ health. I’ve also had the opportunity to see the many medical advances made at St. John Macomb- Oakland. I toured the Hip & Knee Replace-ment Center, an orthopedic program for joint replacement, that has been designated a Blue Distinction Center by Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan. I look forward to continuing to work with St. John Macomb-Oakland Hospital as it remains committed to addressing the needs of the community it serves. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE FIRE AND EMER-GENCY MANUFACTURERS AND SERVICES ASSOCIATION AND THE FIRE APPARATUS MANU-FACTURERS’ ASSOCIATION 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, I rise today to commemorate the 50th anniver-sary of the Fire and Emergency Manufacturers and Services Association (FEMSA) and the 70th Anniversary of the Fire Apparatus Manu-facturers’ Association (FAMA). In advance of their joint conference in Nashville, TN on Oc-tober 5th, I would like to personally extend my congratulations to both organizations in rec-ognition of their distinguished legacies. Both of these organizations bring their members to-gether to discuss ideas on how best to provide the needed tools, equipment, educational ma-terials, and apparatus that enable our nation’s firefighters and emergency services personnel to perform their missions safely and more ef-fectively. The brave men and women serving in our nation’s fire and emergency services put their lives on the line every day to protect our com-munities. Every year the fire service industry does everything it can to reduce the threat of injury and death for these heroes. While mem-bers of both FEMSA and FAMA compete with each other for business, these two associa-tions have served a critical role in bringing fire service companies together to advance impor-tant issues to the industry and the fire service as a whole. The fire service industry is vast, comprised of both large and small companies. These companies are located in nearly every state in our nation, including my home state of New Jersey. They provide thousands of well-paying jobs to highly skilled and trained workers. Some bear a family name and are guided by new generations of family members who pos-sess the same values and work ethics as the founders themselves, while others are large companies providing a broad range of tech-nologies and equipment. Thanks to the great work being done by FAMA and FEMSA, the fire service industry has been bolstered by individual companies working collectively to develop new tech-nologies and training methods. Next week marks two important anniversary milestones for the fire service industry. I extend my con-gratulations to both the Fire and Emergency Manufacturers and Services Association and the Fire Apparatus Manufacturers’ Association. I encourage both organizations to continue their important missions as we all work to-gether to make the fire service industry a safer profession for all who serve. f 
COMMEMORATING CONGRESSMAN PAUL FINDLEY 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize Paul Findley’s contributions to the state of Illinois and his accomplishments as a Member of the United States House of Representatives. From a young age, Mr. Findley had a talent for writing, starting at the Jacksonville Journal Courier in high school, he went on to author his own section in the Illinois College news-paper titled, Findley’s Uncensored Prejudices. He then became the first editor of Wingtips at Monmouth College. Mr. Findley joined the Navy Reserves in the spring of 1942, following the attack on Pearl Harbor. Eager to go over-seas, he was stationed in both Guam and Japan during the war. Upon his return to the United States, he married Lucille Gemme, a flight nurse whom he had met in Guam. They moved to Pittsfield, Illinois, where he became the managing editor of the Pike County Re-publican. In 1958, Mr. Findley felt called to enter poli-tics, and he ran for Illinois’ 20th congressional seat, which he won in 1960. As a Congress-man, he was an active supporter for the Civil Rights Act of 1964. He persistently offered the Powell Amendment, to prohibit racial discrimi-nation, as an amendment to each bill consid-ered on the House Floor. In 1965, Congress-man Findley hired Frank Mitchell, a 15-year- old boy from Springfield, Illinois, and the first African American page in the U.S. House of Representatives. Congressman Findley shaped U.S. House of Representatives’ foreign policy by leading the NATO task force and establishing a stronger relationship with France, particularly General de Gaulle, whom he always consid-ered a strong ally of the United States. In his early years in office, Congressman Findley was a supporter of the Vietnam War and led initiatives to block food sales to any Warsaw Pact countries aiding Hanoi. This action be-came known as the Findley Amendments. Congressman Findley devoted a consider-able amount of his public and personal life to honoring Abraham Lincoln. He authored, ‘‘A. Lincoln: The Crucible of Congress,’’ a book about Abraham Lincoln’s influence in the U.S. House of Representatives. His admiration of Lincoln led to the preservation of Lincoln’s home, which was fulfilled when the Lincoln Home Historic Site Act was signed into law by President Nixon in 1974. Congressman Findley was the first Repub-lican member of the House of Representatives to advocate for diplomatic relations with the Peoples Republic of China, during the Chi-nese Cultural Revolution. Once diplomatic re-lations were achieved, the Chinese Ambas-sador traveled to Jacksonville, Illinois to speak to the local Rotary Club, where he praised the leadership and friendship of Congressman Findley. During all of his overseas negotiations, Con-gressman Findley still found time to support his constituents in Illinois. He continuously protected the interests of farmers and the agri-cultural community, which made up most of Il-linois’ 20th Congressional District. Although one may disagree with Congressman Findley on policy, he was never a disagreeable per-son. His personal motto was ‘‘One catches more flies with honey than vinegar.’’ Congressman Findley spoke freely about his passions, even if they were against his own party. He continues, at the age of 93, to play a role in politics through speeches, books, and Op Ed articles advocating for tolerance, fair and balanced policy, and against nuclear pro-liferation. Stephen Jones, a long-time col-league and friend of Mr. Findley, described him saying, ‘‘He was an ideal Congressman. He was not dogmatic, always open to persua-sion, did his homework, and remembered the people back home.’’ It is an honor to represent Jacksonville, Illi-nois, the hometown of Congressman Findley. He admirably served our state, worked to make the United States a stronger nation, and continues to live Abraham Lincoln’s vision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.008 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1392 September 28, 2016 
CELEBRATING THE LONG-STANDING COMMITMENT TO EX-CELLENCE OF THE NAVAL SUR-FACE WARFARE CENTER CRANE DIVISION 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the active duty military and civil-ian employees at the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane Division as they celebrate their 75th anniversary and the 241st birthday of the United States Navy. Located at Naval Support Activity Crane in Indiana, the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane Division supports the shore command of the U.S. Navy and provides engineering services for electronic systems and electronic, strategic, and special warfare weapons. These systems and weapons have proven to be crit-ical to the success and high performance of the Navy over NSWC Crane’s 75 years of service. American Naval supremacy and military readiness depends on the ability to harness the power of the cutting-edge technologies that NSWC Crane supports. Because of these hardworking employees and military per-sonnel, the exceptional men and women of our Armed Forces are well-equipped to defend our nation and support our allies across the globe. NSWC Crane, which is located on the third largest naval installation in the world, is an im-portant contributor to the Indiana economy. The base employs over 5,000 civilian per-sonnel and is an engine of the Indiana econ-omy that provides secure jobs to Hoosiers who work every day knowing the vital role they play in the defense of the nation. More-over, it is one of Indiana’s largest high-tech employers, with over 2,000 scientists, engi-neers, and technicians. This organization is committed to excellence and continues to promote patriotism, honor, and strong national security. Their continued devotion to our service members and our country should serve as an honorable exam-ple for all Hoosiers. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I am honored to celebrate the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane Division’s 75th anniversary and the U.S. Navy’s 241st birthday. Lastly, I would like to recognize the important work of the men and women at NSWC Crane, and wish them continued success and growth in the years ahead. 
f 
TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, October 10, 2016 is Taiwan’s National Day, marking the founding of the Republic of China 105 years ago. I rise today to congratulate the people of Taiwan on this important occasion. I’ve had the opportunity to visit Taiwan in the past. The country’s evolution into a free society that espouses the values of free elec-tions, human rights, free markets, and the rule of law is a significant one in which the United States has played an important role. Taiwan remains a great friend and strategic ally to the United States. Beginning with passage of the Taiwan Rela-tions Act, Congress has been at the forefront of bilateral relations with the island nation, playing a key part in ensuring Taiwan’s mili-tary needs are addressed and assisting Tai-wan with its democratic and economic devel-opment. That cooperation continues today. Congress has played a critical role in assisting Taiwan’s participation in the World Health Assembly and facilitating its entrance into the Visa Waiv-er Program. Most recently, through the assist-ance of the United States, Taiwan was grant-ed observer status in Interpol. As a member of the Asia Pacific Economic Forum and World Trade Organization, Taiwan is an important trading partner and export market for the United States in almost every major sector. It is our ninth largest trading partner overall, and the sixth largest inter-national market for U.S. agricultural products. Taiwan has been a full participant in trade ne-gotiations and initiatives, devoting a great amount of effort to multilateral trade and in-vestment activities, working to ensure that any trade agreements are both free and fair. Given its economic strength and dedication to global trade and investment, Taiwan should be given fair and equal treatment when con-sidering future U.S. partnerships and trade deals. As we continue to discuss the merits of a Trans-Pacific Partnership, we must carefully examine the implications of excluding coun-tries that are not only robust trading partners, but critical geopolitical allies as well. It is my hope that the U.S. Government thoughtfully consider all these relevant factors and allow them to inform our path forward in an evolving landscape of international trade. I look forward to the continued collaboration with Taiwan in the months and years ahead as we continue to enhance our bilateral secu-rity, economic, and trade relations. f 
HONORING LEVI LEIPHEIMER’S GRANFONDO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Levi Leipheimer for his work to create the GranFondo cycling event, taking place this year on October 1, 2016, which has enjoyed great success in the cy-cling community and has raised funds to sup-port many local charitable organizations in our community. Mr. Leipheimer led an impressive cycling career from 1997 until his retirement in May 2013. His accomplishments include three Amgen Tour of California victories from 2007 to 2009 and a bronze medal at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics in the road time trial. Mr. Leipheimer later finished as the Tour de France Stage 4 winner in 2009 and won the Tour de Suisse in 2011. Mr. Leipheimer began ‘‘Levi’s GranFondo’’ in 2009 to welcome cyclists of all ability levels from around the world to our community and to raise funds for important local causes. The GranFondo has achieved incredible success under Mr. Leipheimer’s leadership, raising nearly $2 million for philanthropic causes over the past eight years. Furthermore, publications including Red Kite Prayer, Road Bike Action and Outside Online have recognized the GranFondo as one of the best organized cy-cling events in the world. The GranFondo has raised nearly $2 million for the King Ridge Foundation which supports numerous programs that address the needs of at-risk youth in our community. For example, the foundation provides funding to the Forget Me Not Farm and the B-RAD Foundation which teach children and teens team-building and leadership skills through farming and out-door adventures. The Social Advocates for Youth program, also supported by the founda-tion, provides housing, counseling and job training to young adults at risk for homeless-ness. The King Ridge Foundation also creates op-portunities for our young people to become in-volved in cycling through its 50 Bikes for 50 Kids program, which supplies bikes, helmets and locks to 50 underserved youth in our com-munity each year. The GranFondo has also helped our community in times of need, rais-ing over $60,000 for the Valley Fire relief ef-forts in Lake County. Mr. Speaker, Levi Leipheimer has created an impressive event that provides resources for young people in need. He is a true friend of our community and a good friend of mine. It is therefore, fitting and proper that we honor him here today and recognize the tremendous value of his GranFondo event for our local community. f 
RECOGNIZING THE TEN YEAR AN-NIVERSARY OF NAVIENT’S MUN-CIE, INDIANA FACILITY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the ten-year anniversary of Navient’s Muncie, Indiana facility in my district. As one of the largest employers in the region, Navient has recognized the talent and value that Hoosiers bring to the table. Today, Navient has two locations in Indiana and employs more than 2,000 people who are on the front lines providing superior customer service to both private and public sector cli-ents. The employees in Muncie play an inte-gral part in providing quality loan counseling and guidance to over 12 million customers na-tionwide whose loans are serviced by Navient. Companies have a choice in where they do business, and I am confident Navient has cho-sen well in Muncie, Indiana. I want to con-gratulate the employees in my district for ten years of tremendous work, and I wish them the best in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.011 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1393 September 28, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on September 26, 2016, I missed roll call vote 557 and 558. On roll call vote 557, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on final passage of H.R. 3537, the Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015. On roll call vote 558, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on final passage of H.R. 5392, the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act. On September 27, 2016, I missed roll call votes 559, 560, 561, and 562. On roll call vote 559, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on ordering the pre-vious question. On roll call vote 560, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on agreeing to the res-olution. On roll call vote 561, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on ordering the pre-vious question. On roll call vote 562, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on agreeing to the res-olution. 
f 
HONORING LENNIE ROBERTS 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Lennie Roberts, a tireless advocate for our open spaces and wild creatures, a conscience for elected officials on the local, state and fed-eral level for all things environmental and a personal friend for over 35 years. Lennie will be honored today with the extremely rare ‘‘Guardian of Nature Award’’ from the Sierra Club’s Loma Prieta Chapter for her four dec-ades of exemplary service. This is only the second time in the chapter’s 83-year history that this honor will be bestowed. There is no one who comes close to Lennie Roberts in vigilance of our environment. Lennie served on the original California Coastal Commission after it was established by voter initiative in 1972. In 1974, she was a founding docent for Stanford University’s Jas-per Ridge Biological Preserve. Whether as policymaker or docent, Lennie Roberts seems to advocate and educate because the laws of nature command her to these tasks. One of Lennie’s greatest accomplishments was her fight against construction of a six lane freeway at Devil’s Slide, a treacherous stretch of Highway 1 along California’s beautiful coast. Instead, Lennie Roberts had the audac-ity to proffer to Caltrans a pair of tunnels. These tunnels now connect communities long threatened with periodic isolation when mas-sive rock and debris slides, or the loss of the roadway, occurred during storms. Construction came after a decades-long, hard-fought battle by the so-called tunnelistas. A handful of visionaries saw that San Mateo’s beautiful coast could be protected and the public’s safety ensured. Vast stretches of the Santa Cruz mountain range from San Mateo through Santa Clara counties have been preserved because Lennie and her friends established, with voter ap-proval, the Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District. Working with local philan-thropists such as Tom Ford and the Peninsula Open Space Trust, Lennie’s vision of a perma-nent mechanism to identify and preserve pre-cious tracts of land has given the Bay Area a crown jewel: huge Redwood forests, hundreds of miles of walking and riding trails, rec-reational opportunities for people and pets, and habitat that nourishes endangered and threatened species. In part because of Lennie’s advocacy, local farmers and ranchers now transition agricultural lands into perma-nent conservation, often permitting sustainable agriculture to remain on the property even when the land is in public ownership. Lennie’s interests are not simply in the mountains. The coast and coastal waters, and streams that serve as endangered species habitat, are all enriched and preserved through her efforts. Vast stretches of open space along the coast have been preserved by a local ordinance, passed by voters, that was inspired by Lennie’s direction and stand-ards. The Yosemite Trust is an important steward of Yosemite National Park, and Lennie is an active member of the trust’s board of directors. The planning and long-term vision for John Muir’s most precious place on earth is in skilled hands through Lennie’s thoughtful ad-vocacy. Some say that Lennie Roberts knows every square inch of rural San Mateo County. I can tell you that she certainly knows every square inch that is worth preserving. At the same time, she is also willing to support thoughtful development and this includes using land with-in already-developed areas for housing and public services. In short, she is a public stew-ard and compromise is often offered but only with the public’s best interests in mind. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-ative to join me in honoring San Mateo Coun-ty’s version of a Mount Rushmore figure, Ms. Lennie Roberts. Where Caltrans once pro-posed to carve a bypass, we might carve her visage although she would undoubtedly op-pose such a sacrilege against the pristine na-ture of our coast, and perhaps file a lawsuit, if anyone seriously made such a proposal. The Sierra Club’s Loma Prieta Chapter may be honoring Lennie Roberts with a Guardian of Nature Award, but in truth they are only stating the obvious over the past many dec-ades. Mother Nature has no greater local and regional guardian, and we are all honored to call her friend and leader as she is honored on October 1st for her lifetime of achievement in service to this nation’s environment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ARAB AMERICAN CIVIL RIGHTS LEAGUE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Arab American Civil Rights League on the day of the organization’s 5th annual Fight for Justice Gala. The ACRL plays an integral role in advocating on behalf of the constitutional and civil rights of Arab Ameri-cans through its legal and outreach efforts and continues to serve as a driving force toward meaningful change. The ACRL was founded in 2011 in Dear-born, Michigan to protect and advocate on be-half of the wider Arab American community. The organization acts as a conduit between Arab Americans and the media to ensure ade-quate and accurate representation on issues affecting the Arab American community. The ACRL is dedicated to combating negative stereotypes through education and outreach, and providing legal representation for individ-uals whose civil rights have been violated. The organization plays a vital role in ad-dressing discrimination and helps shape public policy initiatives that protect and preserve Arab Americans’ civil rights. ACRL also works to better the wider community through chari-table efforts, including recent efforts to provide bottled water to families in Flint. The ACRL has effectively served the Arab American community at a time when the prin-ciples of religious tolerance and respect are under threat. The ACRL’s efforts show that, in a time of uncertainty, there is far more that unites us than divides us. We must all come together to combat the most extreme elements of society while recognizing our common hu-manity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the ACRL. The organiza-tion serves in the public interest through its anti-discrimination initiatives, and it is my hope that it continues to be an effective advocate for the Arab American community. f 
TRIBUTE FOR PASTOR JAMES MODLISH 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pastor James Modlish of the Huerfano Community Bible Church in Walsenburg, Colo-rado. Pastor Modlish, through his faithful serv-ice and commitment to God, has served indi-viduals and families across Colorado and the country for the past fifty years. Born and raised in Pueblo, Colorado, Pastor Modlish received a Bachelor of Theology de-gree from Baptist Bible College in Springfield, Missouri. He went on to receive his Doctorate of Divinity from Hyles-Anderson College in Hammond, Indiana. After receiving his Ph.D., Pastor Modlish got to work establishing churches across the nation. In 2007, after establishing churches in Wis-consin, New York, Washington State, and Idaho, Pastor Modlish came back to Walsenburg in Huerfano County, Colorado, where he and his wife planned to retire. God seemed to have other plans for Pastor Modlish. Shortly after moving to Walsenburg he formed the Huerfano Community Bible Church. Today, the Huerfano Community Bible Church has grown to a congregation of 120 people. Not only has Pastor Modlish spent his life spreading the gospel in communities across the United States, he has also prioritized shar-ing God’s word across the world. Pastor Modlish has visited 26 different countries to in-spire missionaries and share the good news of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.015 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1394 September 28, 2016 
Christ. He has spread his message from the jungles of the Philippines to the distant vil-lages of Antarctica. Mr. Speaker, I have a great deal of appre-ciation for Pastor Modlish and his dedication to his church and community, and it is my honor to acknowledge his faithful service. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE OLD HICKORY DIVISION 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Old Hickory Division for their service during World War II. This October 2nd will mark the 72nd Anni-versary of the 30th Infantry Division’s crossing into Germany during World War II and smash-ing through Adolph Hitler’s vaunted Westwall. The Westwall was designed to keep American forces from driving into the heart of the Ruhr Industrial area, but American forces broke through, destroying Germany’s ability to sup-ply its armies. The 30th Infantry Division, a National Guard Division made up of young men from the Carolinas, Tennessee and Georgia was part of that force that broke through the German lines. The 30th Infantry Division was proudly called ‘‘Old Hickory’’ after Andrew Jackson, the 7th President of the United States. In less than 100 days after landing on the beaches of Normandy, these men first kept the routes between Omaha and Utah Beach— the two principal American landing sites— open. They then led the charge through the Normandy hedgerows down to Saint-Lo ˆ, France. Next, they were the division that spearheaded the Normandy breakout in late July. Less than two weeks later—in what was agreed to by both American and German com-manders as the turning point of World War II in Europe—Old Hickory managed to hold off the onslaught of four German panzer divisions during a fight at Mortain, France that num-bered nearly 80,000 Germans against 13,000 brave soldiers from Old Hickory. By the 2nd of October, 1944, 72 years ago next week, the 30th infiltrated into France and became the first infantry division into Belgium and the Netherlands. This was the longest and fastest military incursion in history. Two weeks later the men of Old Hickory broke up a massive counterattack put on by the 1st SS Panzer Corps and closed the Aachen Gap, which cut off all supply and rein-forcement lines into the ancient imperial city of Aachen and forced its surrender on the 21st of October, 1944. This was the first large Ger-man city to be captured by the Allies in WWII. The 30th followed this success with a rapid advance around the north side of the Ruhr In-dustrial Pocket, capturing Brunswick and fi-nally capturing Magdeburg on the Elbe River on the 17th of April 1945. The 30th met the Russian army at Mag-deburg and remained in occupation there throughout the month of May when it was turned over to the Russians, as part of their designated occupation territory. This brought the end of the war for the 30th Infantry Divi-sion. After war’s end in 1946, General Dwight Ei-senhower directed his historian of the Euro-pean Theater to draw up a rating sheet and rank all of the divisions that fought there. There were 42 infantry divisions in all. His staff of 35 officers came to a quick and near unanimous consensus. Old Hickory was merited with the distinction of being the top- rated infantry division in all three major oper-ations performed in Europe during World War II. A Presidential Unit Citation honoring these men for this achievement was recommended that very same year. But it was never award-ed. Following the end of conflict in Europe, the 30th returned to Ft. Jackson, SC and was de-activated on the 25th of November 1945. On this anniversary of the crucial breaching of Hitler’s vaunted Westwall and subsequent capture of Aachen, I ask this body to pause and remember. Remember the achievements and sacrifice of those members of the greatest generation who belonged to the ‘‘most out-standing infantry division’’ in the European Theater in World War II, the 30th Infantry Divi-sion, the Workhorse of the Western Front. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recog-nizing the 30th Infantry Division for their out-standing service and sacrifice during World War II. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO YOLANDA URBY URRABAZO 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of one of Laredo’s finest teachers, Yolanda Urby Urrabazo. Mrs. Urrabazo was born on February 12, 1947 to Juan and Carolina Urby in Del Rio, Texas. She was considered a miracle baby due to being born ten years after her nine sib-lings. Although her first language was Span-ish, she quickly learned English and excelled in her studies. She had straight A’s throughout her grade school education and graduated in the top five percent of her class from Del Rio High School in 1965. She was one of the few Hispanics in the National Honor Society all four years and participated in many extra-curricular activities. She received her bach-elor’s degree in Spanish Literature and a minor in English from Texas Woman’s Univer-sity and then a Master’s degree in Spanish Lit-erature from The University of Texas-El Paso in 1977. Many of her loved ones knew that her favorite novel was Don Quixote de la Mancha by Cervantes and she could quote Shake-speare eloquently and effortlessly. Her enthusiasm for literature and poetry was most evident to everyone she met. This even-tually led her to a passionate and fulfilling teaching career of 32 years, recently retiring from United High School in June 2016. Yolan-da’s devotion to her students is shown by her long and passionate career in teaching where she prided herself in teaching in every decade since the 1960s. For decades, she dedicated her life to educating generations of students, including her own seven children. She also in-spired two of her daughters, Elizabeth U. Velasquez and Veronica Urrabazo, to follow in her footsteps and become educators them-selves. This commitment to education is an in-spiration, and serves as reminder for how im-portant educators are to our community. Her dedication to serving others will not be forgot-ten and will serve as a testament to what we should all strive for. Mrs. Urrabazo is survived by her beloved husband Ignacio Urrabazo and their seven children (Tom, Elizabeth, Jaime, Yolanda, Veronica, Alejandra, and Claudia) and six grandchildren, as well as her five siblings. Her legacy will live on in the countless people she helped shape—she was intelligent, humble, strong, and compassionate to all. The men-toring and guidance that she provided will be shown throughout the community she touched. I have personally seen her impact through the great work her daughters, Yolanda Urrabazo and Claudia Urrabazo, provided when they worked in my Congressional office. It was clear through their hard work and ability that their mother had taught them very well. She serves as reminder for how much one person can do to affect so many lives. Not only her family, but students, teachers, com-munity members, and both the young and old, mourn her passing. Her legacy will live on through her good deeds and through our cher-ished memories. The city of Laredo will miss her and cherish the kindness and inspiration that she brought to our community and our education system. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to remember the legacy of Yolanda Urby Urrabazo. f 
IN HONOR OF MRS. ANNA M. DEBRO 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mrs. Anna M. Debro of Columbus, Georgia on her 100th birthday. Mrs. Debro is a phenomenal woman who has lived a life of compassion dedicated to serving her community as a triumphant and caring teacher, Christian, and mother. Anna M. Debro was born in Mississippi on October 3, 1916 to Reverend Louis W. Hoo-per, an honored educator, and Minnie Hooper. She married the late Presiding Elder James Debro, Sr., and together over their 30 years of marriage, had five children—James Jr., Willie, Lisa, Harriette, and Dwight. Mrs. Debro graduated from Delta Industrial High School, a historical boarding school for gifted Black children in the Mississippi Delta. In 1941, she earned her undergraduate de-gree at Alcorn & Campbell College and contin-ued her education at Atlanta University (now Clark Atlanta University), where she received her Master’s in Math Education in 1960. As a lifelong learner with a passion for education, she sought further studies at the University of Georgia, Florida A&M University, and Tuskegee University. Over the next 40 years, Mrs. Debro was committed to educating young minds in sev-eral capacities. She held the position of Math Department Chair, the Tri Hi Y Chair and Stu-dent Advisor, as well as the PTA Chairwoman at Carver High in Columbus, GA from 1954 to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.018 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1395 September 28, 2016 
1971. Furthermore, she taught at Columbus High from 1971 to 1978, where she was his-torically among the first wave of African Amer-ican teachers to desegregate the Muscogee County School District. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘How far you go in life depends on your being ten-der with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and toler-ant of the weak and strong because someday in your life you will have been all of these.’’ Mrs. Debro has lived a truly blessed life due to her eternal faith in the Lord and her vibrant testimony of His greatness to all whom she encounters, whether they are a member of her community, church or classroom. As a devout servant of God and a member of St. Mark A.M.E. Church for over 70 years, her pledge to Christ is echoed in her compassionate lead-ership, which makes her a guiding light within the community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and my wife, Vivian, in extending our best wishes to Mrs. Anna M. Debro on her 100th birthday. As we celebrate another year of this outstanding citizen’s life, we would do well to follow the example of her legacy of striving to be lifelong learners and improving the quality of the communities we touch. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CIVIL RIGHTS LEGEND FRANKIE MUSE FREEMAN 
HON. WM. LACY CLAY 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Frankie Muse Freeman, a remark-able American who will soon celebrate her 100th birthday on November 24, 2016. As an exceptional and groundbreaking attorney, Frankie Freeman is a long-time civil rights icon who has set a standard of excellence in the law, housing reform, social justice, protecting the right to vote and personal courage. Attorney Frankie Muse Freeman is a trail-blazer who has been making history for dec-ades. A brilliant, public service-oriented law-yer, she has devoted her life to opening up the doors of equal opportunity for all. Her career has been exceptional in many ways. It includes her dedicated service as a member of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission and Inspector General of the Community Serv-ices Administration, as well as her long time service as an attorney for the St. Louis Hous-ing Authority. Mrs. Freeman’s extraordinary work has been recognized across generations and across this nation. This living legend was in-strumental in creating the Citizens Commis-sion on Civil Rights in 1982, inducted into the International Civil Rights Walk of Fame at the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site in 2007, and appointed by President Barack Obama to serve as a Member of the Commis-sion on Presidential Scholars in 2015. In addition, she has been the recipient of numerous awards such as the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP and the Spirit of Excellence Award from the American Bar Association’s Commission on Racial and Ethnic Diversity in the Profession. I have known Mrs. Freeman since my ear-liest days growing up in St. Louis. She stood shoulder-to-shoulder with my father, former Congressman Bill Clay, and other national leaders to help break down the walls of seg-regation. A grand and gracious lady, and a person of total integrity, she has truly been a mentor to me, whose learned opinion I still seek out on a regular basis. A noted author, she published her memoir, ‘‘A Song of Faith and Hope,’’ to critical acclaim in 2003. She is also a Past President of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of Congress to join me in honoring Frankie Muse Freeman on her centennial, she has helped so many and continues to inspire us to have courage, to work towards transformative change, and to confront injustice and inequality wherever it exists. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 105TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA (TAIWAN) 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the people of Taiwan on the 105th anniversary of their National Day, which will take place on October 10, 2016. Taiwan has close trade ties with the United States, ranking as our country’s ninth largest trading partner. Taiwan also represents Kan-sas’ fifth largest export market in Asia, and thirteenth largest export market in the world. In 2014, Kansas’ exports to Taiwan reached $185.4 million. Every two years, Taiwanese Agricultural Trade Goodwill Missions visit the United States to purchase top quality American agri-cultural commodities, many of which are pro-duced in my home state. As a member of Congressional Taiwan Cau-cus, I cherish the friendship between our two nations and look forward to continuing to work with Ambassador Stanley Kao of Taiwan and his team in Washington, D.C. 
f 
TRIBUTE FOR GRAND JUNCTION CHALLENGER BASEBALL TEAM 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Grand Junction Challenger baseball team on qualifying for the Little League World Series Championship game. The Challenger little league baseball team gives special needs children an opportunity to compete in baseball. The program started in 1989 with 12 kids who had a dream of playing baseball, and has turned into an entire league of kids with a pas-sion for America’s past time. Today there are more than 30,000 children participating in more than 900 leagues worldwide. This year the Challengers Little League World Series games will be broadcast on ESPN. They are one of eight teams from the Grand Junction area to qualify to compete, and will be the first Grand Junction Chal-lengers team to play in this televised game. The whole community is proud of this Grand Junction team that rose to the challenge to take advantage of this wonderful opportunity. There is a natural competitiveness to the game, but these kids will take it a step further when they take the field, showcasing their baseball skills and demonstrating that anything is possible in life through perseverance and determination. I look forward to watching them fulfill their dreams of playing baseball in front of a large crowd cheering for them just as fans cheered for Ruth, DiMaggio, Mays, Robinson and Williams. f 
THANKING CAROLINE KLEMP FOR HER DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE HOUSE 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my thanks and appreciation to Ms. Caroline Klemp who, during the past forty- one years, has served the United States House of Representatives in the offices of the House Sergeant at Arms and the Chief Admin-istrative Officer. In October of this year, Caroline will officially end her tenure at the House. Caroline began her career with the House Sergeant at Arms in 1975, where she held various financial responsibilities for Members of Congress. In 1993, she began working in the Office of Members’ Services under the di-rection of George Chapin in the Office of Non- Legislative and Financial Services, which later became the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer. Throughout the years, Caroline has made significant contributions processing and man-aging Member benefits and payroll for the House. In 1994, Caroline was promoted to Di-rector of Members’ Services. In this capacity she is responsible for the quality, accuracy, and timeliness of submissions of all Members’ benefits records to the Office of Personnel Management (OPM). She has provided many years of dedication, hard work, and service to Members and their families. The Members truly view Caroline as a mem-ber of their family as she continues to serve them well beyond their House careers. On behalf of the entire House community, I extend congratulations to Caroline for her many years of dedication and outstanding contributions to the House. We wish Caroline many wonderful years in fulfilling her retire-ment dreams. 
f 
HONORING MR. CHARLES C. FIELDER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with Representative H
UFFMAN , to honor Charles C. Fielder, the Di-rector of Caltrans District 1, upon his retire-ment on September 29, 2016 from an impres-sive career that spanned over 28 years as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.021 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1396 September 28, 2016 
civil engineer in state and federal transpor-tation planning. A California native, Mr. Fielder completed his B.S. in Civil Engineering at the University of California, Davis and his Master in Business Administration at Humboldt State University. He moved to Humboldt County in 1988 and has been an active member of his community ever since. Mr. Fielder began his career with Caltrans as a Junior Civil Engineer and rapidly earned promotions in the agency. He served as a Transportation Engineer, Senior Transpor-tation Engineer and Supervising Transpor-tation Engineer over the next three years be-fore earning a promotion to Deputy District Di-rector for Program and Project Management. He was appointed District 1 Director in 2003 and has since been responsible for transpor-tation policy and projects across northern Cali-fornia. Mr. Fielder has also served in Sac-ramento as an Interim Deputy Director for Maintenance and Operations, where he was responsible for over 50,000 lane miles throughout California. Throughout his career, Mr. Fielder has fo-cused on collaborative approaches to trans-portation operations. He has served our com-munity well by receiving and implementing suggestions from the public. In addition to his work with Caltrans, he is a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers and he serves as a committee member on the Trans-portation Research Board which addresses transportation issues on a national level. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Fielder has dedicated his career to making the process of delivering a safe, sustainable, integrated and efficient transportation system as transparent as pos-sible. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TERRY MOORE, JR. 
HON. BRAD ASHFORD 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember a beloved Nebraskan whose life was truly an inspiration to all who were fortunate enough to know him. Terry Moore, Jr., who has passed away at the age of 47, suffered from a rare develop-mental disorder known as Williams Syndrome. Although it brings with it a lifetime of health and learning challenges, Terry refused to let it slow him down as he maintained an extremely rigorous, productive and fulfilling life. Many Omahans came to know him during his years happily working in the City-County building, as an energetic and most-helpful clerk in the Douglas County Treasurer’s office. This is a most difficult time for Terry’s dad, Terry Moore, Sr., a very good friend of mine and longtime Nebraska labor leader. Terry, I can’t begin to understand the pain you are suffering but please know that your son will long be remembered for his never- ending courage and grace as he lived a truly motivating life. PRESIDENT OBAMA VETOES SUP-PORT FOR 9/11 VICTIM FAMILIES HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, fifteen years ago, on September 11, 2001, our coun-try was instantly transformed. Three thousand Americans and people from other nations were murdered at the hands of evil, malicious terrorists. A few weeks ago Congress granted the families of these victims their basic right under the Constitution of the U.S., to their day in court, the right to sue the perpetrators. Presi-dent Obama disagrees. He vetoed the bill. Based on the 28 pages held secret for years, there may be evidence that the country of Saudi Arabia and their officials may have had some involvement in planning the ele-ments of that attack. As a former judge I am a strong believer in the jury trial to solve such disputes. That is what the courtroom is for. However the admin-istration seems more interested in diplomatic niceties with foreign nations than the victims of 9/11. Congress must override this veto. The truth needs to be known about who was respon-sible for the 9/11 attacks. The families of the 9/11 victims deserve to pursue justice be-cause Mr. Speaker, justice is what we do in America. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MARK L. WILT AMERICAN LEGION POST 210 FOR 95 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the members of the Mark L. Wilt American Legion Post 210 in Middlebury, Indiana, as they celebrate 95 years of service to our community and advocacy on behalf of all veterans. After its founding in 1921, American Legion Post 210 was named in honor of Mark L. Wilt, a local citizen who was killed in World War I. Post 210 met at several locations until 1969, when construction was completed on their present building on York Road in Middlebury. Post 210 has grown since its founding, as has its mark on the community. The members of Post 210 have been constant advocates for Northern Indiana veterans, consistently raising charitable donations and honoring the area’s veterans through activities such as dedicating headstones for unmarked military graves. Their continued success is due to their stand-ing within the Northern Indiana community as a patriotic organization whose mission helps American veterans within our community and ensures future generations of Hoosiers recog-nize the sacrifices these heroes made on their behalf. Because of their many significant contribu-tions to our community and our veterans, I am grateful that the Mark L. Wilt American Legion Post 210 is in Indiana’s Second District. It is clear the veterans of Post 210 are still serving the nation long after their active duty has ended. According to its mission statement, the American Legion ‘‘is the nation’s largest war-time veterans service organization, committed to mentoring youth and sponsorship of whole-some programs in our communities, advo-cating patriotism and honor, promoting strong national security, and continued devotion to our fellow service members and veterans.’’ For Hoosiers, Post 210 exemplifies the long- standing tradition of excellence in Indiana. On behalf of 2nd District Hoosiers, I sin-cerely congratulate the Mark L. Wilt American Legion Post 210 on their 95th Anniversary, and I wish them continued success and growth in the years ahead. f 
HONORING THE BICENTENNIAL OF HOWARD COUNTY, MISSOURI 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the bicentennial birthday of Howard County, Missouri, a truly monumental mile-stone. Howard County was first established in January 23, 1816 as migrants from Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia came west looking for room for their families to grow. Twenty- three more counties would be formed from this Missouri ‘‘Mother of Counties’’ which stretched all the way from St. Louis to what was then the edge of the Missouri Territory. After 200 years this thriving rural area, though quite a bit smaller in land mass, is home to more than 10,139 residents, 192 businesses, a plethora of family farms, and one of the loveliest court-houses in Missouri. I am honored to represent the good people of Howard County and I want to congratulate the leaders of this beautiful area for their ef-forts in making this county one of the priceless gems of central Missouri. 
f 
SEA BOX, INC. 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sea Box, Inc., of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District, in its recent award of a 32 million dollar General Services Administra-tion contract to provide the United States Air Force with Containerized Hygiene Systems over the next two years. Sea Box, Inc., of East Riverton, was estab-lished in 1983 and specializes in the design, customization, and manufacturing of ISO con-tainers and related equipment for military and commercial applications. Sea Box directly sup-ports our warfighters and has created 200 manufacturing jobs in New Jersey. This two year contract will provide the United States Air Force with temperature controlled expendable shelters for bathing and storage that can be transported worldwide, utilizing standard mili-tary equipment. Sea Box, Inc., has deep ties to the commu-nity and has answered the call of need for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.026 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1397 September 28, 2016 
men and women in uniform. I am proud to represent a South Jersey company that is pro-viding shelter and care for our active duty members who sacrifice so much to protect our nation and our freedom. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously honored to have Sea Box, Inc., as a part of their community. Sea Box, Inc., has shown a desire to serve our nation and provide for our troops. I am honored to recognize the award of their GSA contract, which will enable them to service our soldiers more efficiently, and to commend Sea Box, Inc., for all of its contribu-tions to our community, before the United State House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENT OF NATHANIEL R. JONES 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of the great jurists of the United States, Nathaniel R. Jones. Judge Jones was born and raised in Youngstown, Ohio, just blocks from the federal courthouse that now bears his name. He served his country val-iantly in World War II, and later attended Youngstown College. Judge Jones was the first African American to serve as Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio. In 1969, he became General Counsel of the NAACP, where he di-rected national legal efforts to end school seg-regation. In 1979, President Jimmy Carter nominated Judge Jones to the U.S. Court of Appeals, where he served until he retired from the bench in 2002. Judge Jones has dedicated his life and ca-reer to protecting the rights of all: as a pro-fessor at Harvard Law School, an observer in South Africa’s first democratic elections, a de-fender of affirmative action, and an advocate for black servicemen facing discrimination in our newly-integrated military. At age 90, Judge Jones still serves as Sen-ior Counsel at Blank Rome, LLP in Cincinnati. In October, he will receive the Simeon Booker Award for Courage of which he is so deserv-ing. Thank you, Judge Jones, for your tireless service to our community, our nation, and our world. 
f 
COMMEMORATING DR. JOHN HAR-VEY’S TENURE OF PRESIDENT OF THE MEDICAL ASSOCIATION OF GEORGIA 
HON. TOM PRICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to speak in honor of a good friend, Dr. John Harvey. Dr. Harvey is the out-going President of the Medical Association of Georgia (MAG), which has close to 8,000 members spanning the entire state of Georgia focused on enhancing patient care and ad-vancing the art and science of medicine. Dr. Harvey has served Georgians for more than 25 years as a general and trauma sur-geon in the Atlanta area. During his tenure with MAG, Dr. Harvey started the Medical Re-serve Corp. The Medical Reserve Corp assists the state in times of disaster by having trained physicians ready to respond. Before serving as the President, Dr. Harvey was the Speaker of the House of Delegates, the primary legisla-tive and policymaking body for the association, for five years. Mr. Speaker, despite his full schedule, Dr. Harvey still takes time to teach residents in the transitional year at Gwinnett Medical Cen-ter and travels across the state to testify on the behalf of patients and physicians. He is a man I am glad to call a friend and a colleague in medicine. I would like to thank Dr. Harvey on behalf of citizens of the Sixth District of Georgia and the entire state for his service to patients and physicians and his commitment to public health. f 
HONORING STAFF SERGEANT TOBLER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Staff Sergeant Aaron Tobler of the United States Air Force who has been named one of the twelve Outstanding Airmen of the Year for 2016. Aaron enlisted in the Air Force Reserve in 2011 and received honors at both basic train-ing and technical school. He is currently a Geospatial Intelligence Analyst assigned to the 50th Intelligence Squadron at Distributed Ground Station–Two at Beale Air Force Base, California. His mission is to exploit high-value targets and satisfy intelligence requirements in support of Combatant Commanders around the World. As a direct result of Staff Sergeant Tobler’s work, weapon manufacturing com-pounds were identified and destroyed, crip-pling an entire terrorist network. He also facili-tated successful overwatch of Joint Task Force troop convoys, ensuring over two thou-sand miles of roads were clear of threats. When he’s not working for the Air Force, Aaron is an active member in his community. He is a manager with the California Depart-ment of Social Services in Sacramento, and serves on the Board of Directors for Rocklin Residents Unite for Fido community group, an organization that offers scholarships to wound-ed veterans to receive training for their service dogs. He is involved in several community fundraising events, offering strategic support and is a regular blood donor. Staff Sergeant Aaron Tobler exemplifies what it means to be an Outstanding Airman. He has accumulated many accolades and medals in his Air Force career, and now he can add being the first Reservist in the Intel-ligence Career Field to ever be selected as an Outstanding Airman of the Year as one of his many accomplishments. Mr. Speaker, I am honored that Sergeant Tobler and his family are assigned to Beale Air Force Base in my district. And it is my privilege to recognize him here for his out-standing contributions to California and to the United States. ST. VOLODYMYR UKRAINIAN ORTHODOX CATHEDRAL HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on October 30, 2016 the St. Volodymyr Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral will celebrate the 100th anniversary of its founding. St. Volodymyr is a part of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA and was established in 1916 as the first independent Ukrainian Church in the United States. The centennial celebration will take place on the 30th day of October 2016, starting with the Hierarchal Din-ner Liturgy, led by his eminence metropolitan Anthony and his grace Bishop Daniel at 10:00 am at St. Volodymyr, which has been a source of spiritual strength to its members as they perpetuated their religious heritage and culture at the same time. They also found in-spiration from their religion to be active and loyal citizens to the USA and to the city of Chicago. The festivities then will continue with a member banquet held at the Ukrainian Cul-tural Center at 2247 W. Chicago Avenue in Chicago. Since its inception, the cathedral has been an integral part of life of the community at large. Some notable examples include par-ticipating in the 1928 women’s world fair at the coliseum, and in the Ukrainian Pavilion during Chicago’s 1933 century of progress inter-national exposition; sending its son and daughter to war when the government called; providing help to those in need during troubled times. I congratulate the St. Volodymyr Ukrainian Orthodox Church for 100 years of spiritual and community service and look forward to 100 years more. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE TAIWANESE NATIONAL DAY 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize and congratulate the Taiwanese people on their National Day, the 105th anniversary of the founding of the Republic of China (Tai-wan), celebrated each year on October 10th. Taiwan is a key ally in the region and shares the important values of freedom and respect for human rights with our country. This year, Taiwan went through a peaceful transi-tion of power with the election of President Tsai Ing-wen, the first woman elected to this office. I was pleased to have productive con-versations with President Tsai and my col-leagues during a recent visit to Taiwan earlier this year. Taiwan’s remarkable democracy serves as a model to neighboring countries. Both Chambers of Congress passed resolu-tions earlier this year reaffirming the impor-tance of the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances. As a member of the Congres-sional Taiwan Caucus, I would like to reiterate my commitment of support to Taiwan and its self-defense capabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.031 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1398 September 28, 2016 
Once again, I extend my best wishes for a Happy Double Tenth Day to the people of Tai-wan and our Taiwanese American friends at home. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 21, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, on May 20, 2016, I was honored as a special guest at an event in Monterey Park, California titled ‘‘Protect Your Future: Restore the Vote’’. The event was organized to help constituents gain a bet-ter understanding of the negative impact of the Supreme Court decision, Shelby County vs. Holder. Members from our communities heard ex-pert testimony from the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) regarding the devastating impacts of the decision upon the Voting Rights Act. I in-clude in the R
ECORD the expert testimony of Sean Dugar, Regional Director, Region I of the NAACP into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
TESTIMONY OF SEANDUGAR , REGIONAL DIREC-
TOR, REGION I, T ESTIMONY ON BEHALF OF  T
HENATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE AD-
VANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE (NAACP) 
ON THE ROUNDTABLE DISCUSSION ‘‘PROTECT  Y
OUR FUTURE : RESTORE THE VOTE’’—M AY 20, 2016 Good morning, Congresswoman C
HU, Con- gresswoman R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Congress-woman S
ANCHEZ , and distinguished guests and friends. Thank you so very much for in-viting me here to discuss fully restoring and protecting the right to vote. I appreciate the opportunity to provide you with the thoughts and opinions of the NAACP on this very important issue. Founded more than 107 years ago, in Feb-ruary of 1909, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the NAACP, is our nation’s oldest, largest, and most widely-recognized grassroots-based civil rights organization. We currently have more than 1,200 active membership units across the nation, with members in every one of the 50 states as well as units on over-seas military bases. In addition to our com-munity based adult units, we also have youth and college units in hundreds of com-munities and schools including colleges and university campuses across the country as well as units in prisons. My name is Sean Dugar, and I am the re-gional field director for the NAACP for Re-gion I. The NAACP divides the country into seven regions, and Region I is the western- most region: it is comprised of Alaska, Ari-zona, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and of course, California. I am a national staff person, and I come to you today on behalf of the national NAACP. In preparing this testimony, I consulted with Mr. Hilary Shelton who is the Director of the Washington Bureau and the lead advocate for the NAACP before the federal govern-ment. Hilary asked that I tell you all how sorry he is that he cannot be here today and indicated that he would be more than happy to answer any questions you may have which I cannot answer for you. The NAACP, a non-profit, non-partisan or-ganization was established with the objec-tive of insuring the educational, political, social, and economic equality of racial and ethnic minorities in our country. The NAACP has as its mission the goal of elimi-nating race prejudice and removing all bar-riers of racial discrimination through the democratic process. Voting rights for all eli-gible Americans, advancing voter participa-tion and the eradication of disenfranchising practices and voter fraud, has been a top pri-ority of the NAACP since our founding. Throughout our more than 107-year history, the NAACP has advocated and worked against such racist and heinous obstacles to full democratic citizenship participation such as America’s Jim Crow laws and the Black Codes. As such, we were instrumental in the de-velopment and enactment of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, and its subsequent reauthoriza-tions, the 1992 Motor Voter Law, and the 2002 Help America Vote Act as well as several other key pieces of Federal legislation aimed at ensuring and protecting the rights of all eligible Americans to cast an unfettered vote and be certain that our vote has been count-ed. Tragically, our country, which promotes itself as the beacon of democracy throughout the world, has seen a reversal in the century- old struggle for achieving the goal of ‘‘one person, one vote.’’ This reversal has been strategic and multi-faceted and sadly tar-geted disproportionately at the very people whom I would argue could use a louder, stronger, and more consistent voice among our elected officials. Specifically, a majority of those currently being disenfranchised by these malevolent laws are racial and ethnic minorities, low-income Americans, the elder-ly, students and women. Whether through bogus photo identification requirements, ra-cially disparate ex-felon disenfranchisement laws, shortened early voting periods, or ini-tiatives making it harder for third parties to register qualified voters, states are abridging the voting rights of millions of Americans. Furthermore, with the Supreme Court’s misguided, harmful 2013 decision in Shelby v. Holder, many of the protections we had begun to appreciate are now threatened. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 (VRA), for which the NAACP was on the frontlines in the struggle to enact, was signed into law to in-sure that under the 15th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, no one, including federal, state or local governments, may in any way impede people from registering to vote or voting because of their race, ethnicity or other differences. Most provisions in the VRA, and specifically the portions that guar-antee that no one may be denied the right to vote because of his or her race or color, are permanent, and as such are not the provi-sions subject to reauthorization. Section 5 of the VRA requires certain states or jurisdictions, which have an estab-lished history of laws or policies which re-sult in the disenfranchisement of a group of racial or ethnic minority voters to obtain advance approval or ‘‘preclearance’’ from the US Department of Justice or the US District Court in D.C. before they can make any changes to voting practices or procedures. Examples of these changes include any change in the date, time, place, or manner under which an election is held. Federal ap-proval is given to make the proposed change as soon as the state or jurisdiction proves that the proposed change would not abridge the right to vote on account of race or color. Originally, in 1965, legislators hoped that within five years the problems would be re-solved and there would be no further need for these enforcement-related provisions: how-ever, it proved necessary to extend these pro-tections in 1970, and again in 1975, 1982 and 2006 through the Congressional reauthoriza-tion process. As a side note, the 2006 reauthorization, which had passed the House by the over-whelming bipartisan vote of 390–33, appeared to be stalled in the Senate, and was being threatened by a number of dangerous amend-ments. But thousands of delegates and friends of the NAACP who were attending our annual convention in Washington, marched from the convention center to Cap-itol Hill in support of the reauthorization bill and then went to their Senators’ offices with specific demands to pass the reauthor-ization bill without amendment. I am pleased to report that the bill was passed later that same week, unamended, by a vote of 98 to 0. I am relaying this anecdote because the march was driven mostly by our youth and college division, who led the marchers on that incredibly hot July day not only for the 2+ miles to the Hill, but then also on visits with their Senators. It was an instance where the NAACP, and specifically the next generation of NAACPers, made a real dif-ference. On June 25, 2013, however, the U.S. Su-preme Court issued its decision in the case of Shelby v. Holder in which the Court did not invalidate the principle of preclearance. The Supreme Court did decide, however, that Section 4(b) of the VRA, which establishes the formula that is used to determine which states and jurisdictions must comply with preclearance, is antiquated and thus uncon-stitutional and can no longer be used. Thus, although Section 5 survives, it is currently not being used and will not be used fully until Congress develops and enacts a new for-mula to determine which states and jurisdic-tions should be covered by it. The bipartisan Voting Rights Advance-ment Act, S. 1659/H.R. 2867, is sponsored in the U.S. Senate by Senators Patrick Leahy (VT), Lisa Murkowski (AK) and in the U.S. House by Congresswoman Terri Sewell and Congressman John Lewis (GA) on behalf of themselves, the Congressional Black Caucus, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, and the Congressional Asian and Pacific American Caucus among others. I would like to stop for a minute and express the sincere appre-ciation of the NAACP to the three legisla-tors here today, Congresswoman Chu, Con-gresswoman Roybal-Allard, and Congress-woman Sanchez, who are co-sponsors of this important legislation. I would also be remiss if I didn’t pass along Hilary Shelton’s per-sonal appreciation that they each consist-ently score an ‘‘A’’ on the NAACP’s Federal Legislative Report Card. This seminal legislation would: modernize the preclearance formula to cover states with an historical pattern of discrimination; ensure that last-minute voting changes won’t adversely affect voters; protect voters from the types of voting changes most likely to discriminate against and disenfranchise people of color and language minorities; en-hance the ability to apply a preclearance re-view when needed; expand the effective Fed-eral Observer Program; and improve voting Rights protections for Native Americans and Alaska Natives. Furthermore, this legisla-tion includes all of the priorities necessary for a strong VRA restoration as established by the NAACP National Board of Directors. We need to fix the damage to the VRA in-flicted by Shelby, and this legislation would repair and strengthen it. Yet the NAACP has consistently, and before Shelby, argued that we need to do more to expand the franchise and get more Americans involved in the elec-toral system. That is why our Washington Bureau Director asked me again to express our sincere appreciation to the three law-makers sitting here today for lifting up and sponsoring H.R. 12, the Voter Empowerment Act. In a time when numerous states are con-sidering or have already enacted legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.036 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1399 September 28, 2016 
to restrict or suppress voter participation, Congressman John Lewis (GA) and 174 of his colleagues in the U.S. House of Representa-tives have introduced H.R. 12, the Voter Em-powerment Act. This important legislation would expand and protect voters’ access to the polls and would increase accountability and integrity among election officials and poll workers. It also would expand eligibility to allow all ex-offenders who have been re-leased from prison to register and vote in federal elections (even those who may still be on probation or parole). Specifically, the Voter Empowerment Act would: Guarantee early voting—require that every state establish early voting sites that are open at least 15 days prior to a general elec-tion day; This includes weekends, which many work-ing people may find to be the only time they can get to the polls; Require automatic registration—the bill would use modern technology to automati-cally and permanently register all eligible voters; Allow same-day registration throughout the country—H.R. 12 would ensure allow vot-ers to register to vote on election day at their polling place; Ensure on-line voter registration—the Voter Empowerment Act would ensure that online voter registration is a viable option nationally; Outlaw ‘‘voter caging’’—makes illegal a practice by which mail is sent to a registered voter’s address and, if the mail is returned as ‘‘undeliverable’’ or if it is delivered and the voter does not respond, his or her registra-tion is challenged; Clarify and strengthen the use of provi-sional ballots—ensures that provisional bal-lots are counted; Make voter intimidation and deception punishable by law—with strong and tough penalties so that people who commit these crimes suffer more than just a slap on the wrist, and establish a process for reaching out to misinformed voters with accurate in-formation so they can cast their votes in time; Re-enfranchise ex-offenders—H.R. 12 incor-porates the provisions of the NAACP-sup-ported ‘‘Democracy Restoration Act’’ by al-lowing ex-offenders, once they are out of prison, the opportunity to register and vote in federal elections without challenges or complication; Encourage youth voters—the Voter Em-powerment Act requires colleges and univer-sities to offer and encourage voter registra-tion to all students; Assure voting by overseas residents—H.R. 12 increases assurances that Americans who may be living overseas, especially those serving our country in the armed services, can cast a valid vote and be assured that their vote was counted. In short, we can and should do more to guarantee that the vote to right—the corner-stone of our Constitution and our democ-racy—is not only protected but made easier. I would again like to commend and thank Congresswoman Chu, Congresswoman Roy-bal-Allard, and Congresswoman Sanchez for their leadership in this area; please know that Director Shelton and the entire NAACP stand ready to work with you in Washington and here at home, and I look forward to our round table discussion. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 29, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.038 E28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D991 Wednesday, September 28, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate upon reconsideration passed S. 2040, Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, the objections of the President to the contrary notwith-standing. Senate passed H.R. 5325, Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, as amended. (Legislative vehicle for ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act’’) 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6165–S6249 Measures Introduced: Fifty-four bills and ten reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3406–3459, S. Res. 583–589, and S. Con. Res. 52–54. 
                                                                                    Pages S6225–27 
Measures Passed: Legislative Branch Appropriations Act (Legisla-tive vehicle for ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act’’): By 72 yeas to 26 nays (Vote No. 151), Senate passed H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, after taking action on the following amend-ments and motions proposed thereto: 
                                                                      Pages S6166, S6173–83 
Adopted: McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S6166 
Withdrawn: McConnell Amendment No. 5083 (to Amend-ment No. 5082), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                            Pages S6166, S6182 
McConnell Amendment No. 5085 (to the lan-guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 5082), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                            Pages S6166, S6182 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: The motion to proceed to the motion to recon-sider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, on September 27, 2016, was agreed to.
                Page S6182 
The motion to reconsider the vote by which clo-ture was not invoked on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, on September 27, 2016, was agreed to.                                                                       Page S6182 
By 77 yeas to 21 nays (Vote No. 149), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082. 
                                                                                            Page S6182 
McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 5087, to change the en-actment date, fell when cloture was invoked on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082. 
                                                                                            Page S6166 
McConnell Amendment No. 5088 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 5087), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with in-structions, McConnell Amendment No. 5087 fell. 
                                                                                            Page S6166 
McConnell Amendment No. 5089 (to Amend-ment No. 5088), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 5088 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 5087) fell.
                   Page S6166 
McConnell Amendment No. 5084 (to Amend-ment No. 5083), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 5083 (to Amendment No. 5082) was withdrawn.
                                   Page S6182 
McConnell Amendment No. 5086 (to Amend-ment No. 5085), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 5085 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 5082) was withdrawn.
                                                           Page S6182 
The motion to proceed to the motion to recon-sider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the bill, on September 27, 2016, was agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S6182 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE6.REC D28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD992 September 28, 2016 
The motion to reconsider the vote by which clo-ture was not invoked on the bill, on September 27, 2016, was agreed to.
                                                Page S6182 
By 77 yeas to 21 nays (Vote No. 150), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                                                                                   Page S6183 
Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 53, directing the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325.
                                                              Page S6197 
Earth Science Week: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. Res. 562, expressing support for designation of the week of October 9, 2016, through October 15, 2016, as ‘‘Earth Science Week’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S6197 
Day of the Deployed: Senate agreed to S. Res. 585, designating October 26, 2016, as ‘‘Day of the Deployed’’.
                                                                    Page S6197 
Honoring the life of Jacob Wetterling: Senate agreed to S. Res. 586, honoring the life of Jacob Wetterling and recognizing the efforts of Jacob Wetterling’s family to find abducted children and support the families of those children.
           Page S6197 
Charitable Collections: Senate agreed to S. Res. 587, permitting the collection of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings.
        Page S6197 
National Principals Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 588, recognizing the month of October 2016 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’.
                             Page S6197 
Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5578, to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S6197–99 
Veto Messages: Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act Veto Message: By 97 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 148), two- thirds of the Senators voting, a quorum being present, having voted in the affirmative, S. 2040, to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, upon re-consideration was passed, the objections of the Presi-dent of the United States to the contrary notwith-standing.
                                                                Pages S6166–73 
Gold Star Families Voices Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached pro-viding that at 5 p.m., on Tuesday, November 15, 2016, the Rules Committee be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 4511, to amend the Vet-erans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collec-tion of video and audio recordings of biographical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a result of their service during a period of war, and Senate begin con-sideration of the bill; that there be 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on passage of the bill, with no intervening action or debate.                                                                             Page S6195 
Treaties Approved: The following treaties having passed through their various parliamentary stages, up to and including the presentation of the resolution of ratification, upon division, two-thirds of the Sen-ators present having voted in the affirmative, the res-olutions of ratification were agreed to: Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture (Treaty Doc. 110–19); and The Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Inter-mediary (Treaty Doc. 112–6) as amended.
   Page S6195 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Rena Bitter, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Lao People’s Democratic Republic. Sung Y. Kim, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Philippines. Andrew Robert Young, of California, to be Am-bassador to Burkina Faso. W. Stuart Symington, of Missouri, to be Ambas-sador to the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Joseph R. Donovan Jr., of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Indonesia. Christopher Coons, of Delaware, to be Representa-tive of the United States of America to the Seventy- first Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Ronald H. Johnson, of Wisconsin, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Seventy-first Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
                                                  Pages S6248–49 
5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 36 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                                             Pages S6248–49 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Jane Marie Doggett, of Montana, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2022. Diane Suzette Harris, of Utah, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2022. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE6.REC D28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D993 September 28, 2016 
Virginia Johnson, of New York, to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term ex-piring September 3, 2020. Sylvia Orozco, of Texas, to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2022. Wilfredo Martinez, of Florida, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2019. Glenn Fine, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Defense. Brent Franklin Nelsen, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2022. Jeffrey DeLaurentis, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Cuba. 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S6248 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6222 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6222 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S6222, S6245 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6222–25 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S6225 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6225 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6227–29 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6229–44 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6214–22 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6244–45 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6245 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6245 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—151)
                                   Pages S6173, S6182, S6183 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:31 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, September 29, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6245.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Christopher James Brummer, of the District of Co-lumbia, and Brian D. Quintenz, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Commissioner of the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission. NORTH KOREA Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine the persistent threat of North Korea and developing an effective United States response, after receiving testimony from Daniel Russel, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asia and Pacific Affairs, and Daniel Fried, Co-ordinator for Sanctions Policy, both of the Depart-ment of State. REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-gration and the National Interest concluded an over-sight hearing to examine the Administration’s fiscal year 2017 refugee resettlement program, after receiv-ing testimony from Simon Henshaw, Principal Dep-uty Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Popu-lation, Refugees and Migration; Leon Rodriguez, Di-rector, Citizenship and Immigration Services, De-partment of Homeland Security; and Robert Carey, Director, Office of Refugee Resettlement, Adminis-tration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 101 public bills, H.R. 6195–6295; 1 private bill, H.R. 6296; and 30 resolutions, H.J. Res. 99–101; H. Con. Res. 165–170; and H. Res. 898–900, 902–920 were introduced.
                                          Pages H6098–H6104 Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6108–09 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Committee on Ethics. In the matter of Allegations Relating to Representative David McKinley (H. Rept. 114–795); H.R. 2261, to facilitate the continued develop-ment of the commercial remote sensing industry and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE6.REC D28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD994 September 28, 2016 
protect national security, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–796); H.R. 2263, to rename the Office of Space Com-merce and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–797); H.R. 5311, to improve the quality of proxy advi-sory firms for the protection of investors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fos-tering accountability, transparency, responsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–798); H.R. 5429, to improve the consideration by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders (H. Rept. 114–799); H. Res. 901, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–800) H.R. 4092, to reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–703, Part 1); and H.R. 5227, to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all forms, to establish a National Collection Stewardship Fund for the proc-essing and storage of collection materials of the Li-brary of Congress, and to provide for the continu-ation of service of returning members of Joint Com-mittee on the Library at beginning of a Congress (H. Rept. 114–706, Part 1).
                                        Page H6098 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H6005 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:02 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H6012 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Gene Hemrick, St. Jo-sephs Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
    Page H6012 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                               Page H6012 
Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act— Presidential Veto: Read a message from the Presi-dent where he announced his veto of S. 2040, to deter terrorism, and provide justice for victims, and explains his reasons therefor.
                       Pages H6023–32 
Subsequently, the House voted to override the President’s veto of S. 2040, to deter terrorism, and provide justice for victims, by a yea-and-nay vote of 348 yeas to 77 nays with 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 564 (two-thirds of those present voting to override).
                                                                        Page H6032 Suspension: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Designating the community-based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’: S. 3283, to designate the community-based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’ and 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 567.
                                                      Pages H6034–35 
Water Resources Development Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 5303, to provide for improve-ments to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, by a recorded vote of 399 ayes to 25 noes, Roll No. 572. Consideration began yesterday, September 27th. 
                                            Pages H6016–21, H6033–39, H6040–58 
Rejected the DeFazio motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 571. 
                                                                                    Pages H6055–57 
Agreed to: Byrne amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that directs the Secretary to coordinate with all Gulf States on developing an oyster bed re-covery assessment for beds that were damaged due to Hurricane Katrina, Deepwater Horizon and recent floods, adopting a modified version of the Senate passed text;
                                                                   Page H6036 
Crawford amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that clarifies the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) to make eligible alternative water delivery projects aimed at reducing aquifer depletion and makes a technical modification that ensures WIFIA financing arrangements take into account the total cost of the project; 
                                                                                    Pages H6036–37 
Culberson amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that directs the Secretary to expedite the Brays Bayou flood mitigation project authorized by item 6 in section 211(f) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1996;
                                         Page H6037 
Farenthold amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that provides that no new start or new investment decision shall be required to initiate work on a separable element of an authorized project when contraction of one or more separable elements of that project was initiated previously; it shall be considered ongoing work and it should be considered continuation of the fully authorized project; 
                                                                                    Pages H6037–38 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE6.REC D28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D995 September 28, 2016 
Sam Johnson (TX) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that requires the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers to issue the final federal permit for the Lower Bois d’ Arc Creek Reservoir Project no later than September 30, 2017;
                 Pages H6038–39 
Ribble amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that provides that in carrying out the de-sign, construction, maintenance, repair, and rehabili-tation of water resources development projects, in-cluding flood risk reduction, coastal resiliency, and ecosystem restoration projects, the Secretary shall en-sure that appropriate consideration is given to the use of natural and nature-based features;
      Page H6039 
Rogers (KY) amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that clarifies that requirements im-posed on floating cabins used in the Cumberland River Basin cannot be different or more stringent than the requirements imposed on all recreational vessels authorized for use in the Basin;
          Page H6040 
Rouzer amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that directs the Army Corps of Engineers to work with state officials to establish a no wake zone in federal navigation channels when certain cri-teria are met;
                                                       Pages H6040–41 
Meng amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 114—794) that allows the Army Corps of Engineers to pursue projects and technologies that prevent and mitigate flood damages associated with ice jams (chunks of ice floating on a river that catch on an obstruction such as a bridge piling, rocks, logs, etc., pile up to form an ice dam, and cause flooding up-stream from the blockage, and then possibly down-stream again when the ice finally releases); 
                                                                                            Page H6041 
Moore amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that calls for the Army Corps to conduct a review of its tribal consultation policies and regu-lations; provides that the Army Corps shall provide for public meetings with Indian tribes and other stakeholders and provide a report to Congress on the results of the 3 review;
                                   Pages H6042–44 
Peters amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that directs the Secretary to design and develop a structural health monitoring program to assess and improve the condition of infrastructure constructed and maintained by the Corps of Engi-neers, including research, design, and development of systems and frameworks for response to flood and earthquake events; pre-disaster mitigation measures; lengthening the useful life of the infrastructure; and identifying risks due to sea level rise;
            Page H6044 
Quigley amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that expedites the completion of the project for flood control, Chicagoland Underflow Plan, Illinois, phase 2;
                                    Pages H6044–45 Vela amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that directs the Secretary of the Army to release the interests of the United States in certain tracts of land located in Cameron County, Texas, and for other purposes;
                                            Pages H6045–46 
Huizenga (MI) amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that makes permanent a set aside of Army Corps priority funding for the Great Lakes; 
                                                                                    Pages H6046–47 
Bridenstine amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that strengthens language requiring a feasibility study of Tulsa and West Tulsa levees; prioritizes the project if study classifies levee or levee system Class I or Class II;
                             Pages H6048–49 
Courtney amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that removes a breakwater in Stonington, Connecticut as a federally authorized project; 
                                                                                            Page H6049 
Newhouse amendment (No. 18 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that directs the Chief of Engineers to transfer the human remains commonly known as the Kennewick Man or the Ancient One to the Washington State Department of Archeology and Historic Preservation, on the condition that the De-partment disposes of the remains and repatriates the remains to the claimant tribes;
                   Pages H6050–51 
Joyce amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that amends the Clean Water Act to reau-thorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (by a recorded vote of 407 ayes to 18 noes, Roll No. 569); and
                                                         Pages H6047–48, H6054–55 
Kildee amendment (No. 19 printed in H. Rept. 114–794) that authorizes the Secretary to provide additional assistance under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 for certain com-munities for the repair or replacement of public and private infrastructure in any State for which the President has declared an emergency under the Staf-ford Act as a result of the presence of chemical, physical, or biological constituents, including lead or other contaminants in the eligible system (by a re-corded vote of 284 ayes to 141 noes with 1 answer-ing ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 570).
       Pages H6051–54, H6055 
Rejected: Graves (LA) amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–790) that was debated on September 27 that sought to allow the non-federal interest to exe-cute a project or project component when they de-termine that it can be done at lower cost and/or fast-er time; directs 20% of money saved back to treas-ury, and the rest to other corps projects (by a re-corded vote of 190 ayes to 233 noes, Roll No. 568). 
                                                                                            Page H6035 
H. Res. 897, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6094) was agreed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE6.REC D28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD996 September 28, 2016 
by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 566, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 565.
                                                                          Pages H6033–34 
Expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 891, expressing con-cern over the disappearance of David Sneddon. 
                                                                                    Pages H6058–59 
Recess: The House recessed at 7:33 p.m. and recon-vened at 8:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H6070 
Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017: The House agreed to the Rogers (KY) motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, by a yea- and-nay vote of 342 yeas to 85 nays, Roll No. 573. 
                                                                                    Pages H6070–94 
H. Res. 901, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 5325) was agreed to by voice vote, after the previous ques-tion was ordered without objection.
                Page H6070 
Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act: The House passed H.R. 6094, to provide for a 6-month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relating to in-come thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, by a yea-and-nay vote of 246 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 574.
              Page H6095 
H. Res. 897, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6094) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 566, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 565.
                                                                          Pages H6033–34 
Directing the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325: The House agreed to take from the Speakers table and agree to S. Con. Res. 53, direct-ing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325. 
                                                                                            Page H6096 
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 166, providing for an adjournment of the House of Representatives.
                                     Page H6096 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10:30 a.m. on Friday, September 30, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate trans-mitting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 166, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution.
                             Page H6096 Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate today appears on pages H6039–40 and H6069. Quorum Calls Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and six recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6032, H6033, H6033–34, H6034–35, H6035, H6054–55, H6055, H6057, H6057–58, H6094, H6095. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and at 10:24 p.m., the House stands adjourned until 10:30 a.m. on Friday, September 30, 2016, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of H. Con. Res. 166, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that con-current resolution. 
Committee Meetings 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES: INNOVATION THROUGH SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING IN SUPPORT OF MILITARY OPERATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Laboratories: Innovation through Science and Engineering in Support of Mili-tary Operations’’. Testimony was heard from Philip Perconti, Acting Director, U.S. Army Research Lab-oratory; Jeffery P. Holland, Director, Engineer Re-search and Development Center, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Waterways Experiment Station; Edward R. Franchi, Acting Director of Research, Naval Re-search Laboratory; and Major General Robert D. McMurry, USAF, Commander, Air Force Research Laboratory. SEMI–ANNUAL TESTIMONY ON THE FEDERAL RESERVE’S SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE FINANCIAL SYSTEM Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Semi-Annual Testimony on the Federal Reserve’s Supervision and Regulation of the Financial System’’. Testimony was heard from Janet Yellen, Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Re-serve System. THE IMPACT OF US–EU DIALOGUES ON U.S. INSURANCE MARKETS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of US–EU Dialogues on U.S. Insurance Mar-kets’’. Testimony was heard from Michael McRaith, Director, Federal Insurance Office, Department of the Treasury; Tom Sullivan, Senior Advisor, Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System; and Julie Mix 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE6.REC D28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D997 September 28, 2016 
McPeak, Commissioner, Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’’. Testimony was heard from James Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation. CYBERSECURITY: ENSURING THE INTEGRITY OF THE BALLOT BOX Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity: Ensuring the Integrity of the Ballot Box’’. Testimony was heard from Andy Ozment, Assistant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications, Department of Homeland Security; Thomas Hicks, Chairman, U.S. Election Assistance Commission; Brian P. Kemp, Secretary of State, State of Georgia; and public witnesses. SENATE AMENDMENT TO LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on a Senate amendment to H.R. 5325, the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 5325. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule provides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Rogers of Kentucky, and Representatives Lowey, Jordan, Meadows, and Babin. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS LEASES: IS THE VA OVER-PAYING FOR LEASED MEDICAL FACILITIES? Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Leases: Is the VA Over-Paying for Leased Medical Facilities?’’. Testimony was heard from Rebecca Shea, Acting Di-rector, Physical Infrastructure, Government Account-ability Office; James M. Sullivan, Director of Asset Enterprise Management, Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and Chris Wisner, Assistant Commissioner for Leasing, Public Buildings Service, General Services Administration. HEALTH CARE FRAUD INVESTIGATIONS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Oversight held a hearing on health care fraud inves-tigations. Testimony was heard from Abhijit Dixit, Special Agent, Office of Investigations, Office of In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services; Barbara McQuade, U.S. Attorney, Eastern District of Michigan; and a public witness. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the regional impact of the Syria conflict, focusing on Syria, Turkey, and Iraq, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine understanding the Millennial perspective in deciding to pursue and remain in Federal employment, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
House 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Holding Wall Street Accountable: Investigating Wells Fargo’s Opening of Unauthorized Customer Ac-counts’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Oversight: Monitoring the Activities of the Justice Department’s Civil, Tax and Environment and Natural Resources Divisions and the U.S. Trustee Pro-gram’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Academic Research Regulatory Relief: A Review of New Rec-ommendations’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE6.REC D28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD998 September 28, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, September 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will be in a period of morning business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10:30 a.m., Friday, September 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 10:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Ashford, Brad, Nebr., E1396 Bass, Karen, Calif., E1398 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1393 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1394 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1390 Clay, Wm. Lacy, Mo., E1395 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1388 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1394 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1397 Delaney, John K., Md., E1389 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1393 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1387 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1390 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1397 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1390, E1397 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1387 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E1389 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E1396 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1389 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1394 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1388 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1391 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E1390 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1388 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E1396 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E1386 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1392, E1392 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E1390, E1395 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1391 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1396 Price, Tom, Ga., E1397 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1385 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1397 Salmon, Matt, Ariz., E1389 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1388, E1389 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1387 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1393 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1392, E1395 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1393, E1395 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1392, E1396 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1387 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1395 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:45 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28SE6.REC D28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST