Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4057 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 2016 No. 100 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 22, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANIEL  W
EBSTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
PROTECT CONSTITUTIONAL PRIVI-LEGES OF DUE PROCESS AND THE SECOND AMENDMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, since the tragedy the Nation witnessed in Or-lando about 10 days ago—a tragedy that struck at the heart of the Amer-ican people, that struck at the heart of the LGBT community—we have a Na-tion that feels less secure, a Nation looking to Congress for answers regard-ing our national security posture, the policies of this administration’s, of this Congress and answers, also legiti-mately, about how to protect our com-munities while also protecting the con-stitutional privileges of due process and the Second Amendment. They are very legitimate questions we cannot turn a deaf ear to. We answer to the American people. They entrust us to serve. I was in Florida on the weekend of the attacks. When I left Florida to fly up here, I left a State, a community, that was united in grieving, united in mourning, united in its resolve to do something about it. I arrived at an in-stitution as divided as ever. It is not constructive to shout ‘‘shame’’ to your colleagues. It is not constructive to suggest that one side of the aisle is complicit in mass attacks on our Nation simply because some of us have had grave concerns about a proposal that, for 2 years, has been of-fered that we believe is flawed in recog-nizing constitutional protections; but it is also not acceptable to embrace in-action, and that is true on my side of the aisle as well. I have voted against the Democratic proposal in committee for a couple of years. Here is why—and this is impor-tant for the American people to under-stand. If you are on a watch list, you should not be able to buy a gun; but if you are wrongfully on that list and if you are a law-abiding American cit-izen, your constitutional protections should be provided for. You see, when an individual today is not allowed to purchase a firearm—the seven, eight, nine classes of individ-uals—they are all post adjudication. They have received a due process hear-ing and have been either convicted of a violent felony, have been adjudicated through a court of mental incom-petence, or have been dishonorably dis-charged. In each case, there has been due process. Post adjudication is when the ban has been implemented. The proposal on the left says there is no due process. If you are on the watch list, you are banned. I think that is wrong, but let’s lead on our side of the aisle. Let’s lead as a body and figure this out together. Last week, I circulated a proposal. I didn’t introduce it last week. I cir-culated it. I said to all of my col-leagues: Help me make this better. So last night, with some changes, based on input from my colleagues, I introduced H.R. 5544. It makes changes. It accepts the proposal of no fly, no buy. It is common sense. If you are on a watch list, you shouldn’t be able to purchase a firearm; but under my legis-lation, if you are denied, you must be notified not at the point of sale, but within 10 days by the government that you were denied because you are on a watch list. You are then entitled to a due process hearing within 30 days by a judge, not by a political appointee within the Department of Justice. The government must then dem-onstrate by a preponderance of the evi-dence—a 51–49 burden—why you should be prohibited. If they can do that, you are prohibited. If they cannot satisfy that burden, your Second Amendment rights remain intact. Importantly, the individual is entitled to all unclassified information against him. The hearing is private so as to protect the privacy of the individual and the interests of government. As a result of circulating it, I have also added a provision by a colleague of mine in the Senate that, if a terror in-vestigation has been closed and some-one has been removed from the watch list and he later goes to purchase a firearm, the FBI should be notified. I think that is reasonable. That is H.R. 5544. I ask for your consideration. I ask for you to help make it better. The terror strike in Orlando struck at the heart of America. Yes, it struck in the name of ISIS—a terrorist who proclaimed he was doing it in the name of radical Islam. Those were his words. It also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.000 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4058 June 22, 2016 
struck at the heart of an LGBT com-munity that, for generations, has been fighting for freedom, and it saw that freedom attacked. Americans—all Americans—feel less safe now. Let’s inject some radical common sense into this debate. We can ensure no fly, no buy while also ensur-ing due process and the Second Amend-ment. If we take the context of Novem-ber—the narrative of a campaign—out of this, we can actually get this done. Let’s listen to the 85 percent of Ameri-cans who disapprove of the job we are doing rather than go home and have a message of blaming each other. Let’s go home and say we solved it together. If H.R. 5544 is not something you can support, let’s talk about how to im-prove it. With regard to the proposal my friends on the left have had for 2 years, add due process, real due process. You will get the support. You will get the support on our side of the aisle if you add due process. I say to my friends on my side of the aisle, let’s lead on this issue. The American people are begging for lead-ership. There is a community that is bro-ken—a Nation that is broken—in the wake of Orlando. Let’s honor the memories of those who are lost. Let’s do right by the American people and do right by the surviving families. Let’s do something. 
f 
NO MORE SILENCE ON GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, we have come to the floor today to demand action. We have come to the floor with J
OHN LEWIS. When J
OHN LEWIS speaks—the conscience of our Congress—America listens. As the barbaric details of the mas-sacre of people dancing at the Pulse nightclub were released, I grieved for those lost. I thought about their danc-ing and how the human species is the only species that dances. Maybe that is because dancing is a celebration of spirit. Whether you love the waltz, the dab, square dancing, disco, or raves, dancing connects us. For the LGBT community, the dance floor is often the place at which accept-ance and belonging come together. While the massacre of 49 people would have been horrifying and shocking wherever it had happened, it happened on the dance floor at a gay club. A place of refuge—where fear and intimi-dation give way to joy, acceptance, and belonging—was transformed by hate and cowardice into a grotesque barrow. Many of our sanctuaries have been violated by gun violence. It is a grisly routine: first graders and their teach-ers shot in their elementary school; students and professors shot in their college classrooms; parishioners shot after Bible study and fellowship in their church; social workers and dis-abled clients shot at a holiday party; our colleague shot while meeting with constituents; neighborhood sidewalks and parks transformed into blood soaked memorials. Over the last 12 years, gun violence has claimed more American lives than war, AIDS, and illegal drug overdoses combined. Since Newtown, tens of thousands of lives have been lost to this deadly crisis. Yet the number of bills that have been debated and passed by this Congress to help prevent such deaths: zero. Inaction is a choice. Inaction is cost-ing lives. Today I am asking that this House have a vote, that we perform our basic responsibilities not only as Mem-bers of Congress, but as members of a community, and debate and vote on two commonsense measures to curb gun violence. I am asking for a vote on expanding background checks and on preventing suspected terrorists from being able to buy a gun. The debate wages on on cable news, in our living rooms, on our Twitter feeds, and on Facebook. Why can’t the debate happen here? There is no one solution to end gun violence or even to reduce it, but we have to try. This absolutist approach that we can’t even vote on common-sense measures to help protect our families leaves us in a deadly arms race with ourselves. Why is a vote so paralyzing? Is it spe-cial interests? Is it fear? Does the House leadership really believe that our Constitution and our liberties are so fragile that we have to tolerate car-nage like we saw in Orlando or like we see on the streets of Chicago rather than risk a vote? These two proposals have widespread support from the American people. Whatever your position on the sub-stance of the bill, let’s vote. Let’s put it out there for people to judge. The American people get it. They under-stand that we can protect our constitu-tional rights and take reasoned steps to reduce gun violence. The American people understand that the two are, in fact, compatible under a robust democ-racy, not mutually exclusive. Millions of Americans at home are worried and frustrated by this Con-gress’ silence on this deadly epidemic. Without action, moments of silence cease to honor the thousands of vic-tims, survivors, and families who have been devastated by gun violence. Mo-ments of silence should be where action begins. Sadly, in this Congress, it is the only action that is taken. No more silence. I urge the Speaker, before he sends Members home for the 4th of July, to have us vote on these two practical proposals. There is no holiday from gun violence for ordinary Americans. Our communities and our democracy de-serve a vote so our children can dance again in freedom and safety. COMMENDING DENNIS HEINDL FOR WORK IN COMBATING OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, thousands of Americans lose their lives every year across com-munities of all sizes to a terrible epi-demic, and that is an epidemic of sub-stance abuse that steals lives, that steals futures, and that tears apart families. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the efforts of a constituent of mine, Dennis Heindl, who lives in Elk County, lo-cated in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District. Mr. Heindl is the owner of Laurel Media, based in Ridgway. After seeing the effects of the opioid abuse and heroin epidemic affecting our Nation, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and areas such as Elk County, Dennis was compelled to act. He set up a telephone hotline in an effort to fight back against drug use in communities across the region. The hotline is anonymous, strictly con-fidential, and is being administered by the North Central Pennsylvania Munic-ipal Drug Task Force. Mr. Heindl is of-fering a $1,000 reward for any informa-tion that leads to the arrest or convic-tion of any individual who sells or dis-tributes illegal or prescription drugs. In addition to the hotline, Mr. Heindl is organizing a series of anti-drug meetings across the area. In fact, the latest meeting in the community of Ridgway drew a crowd of nearly 300 people all interested in taking their town back from this horrible epidemic. Just like in so many other areas of our Nation, communities across Penn-sylvania’s Fifth Congressional District have suffered as a result of this drug epidemic. Elk County is ranked ninth in Pennsylvania in overdose deaths per population of 100,000 people while, fur-ther west, Crawford County has seen its overdose deaths double in the past 4 years. b1015 Now, I am so proud of the efforts of the people such as Dennis Heindl and all those across the Fifth Congres-sional District who are helping in the efforts to fight back against drugs. I am also proud of the package passed recently in this House, which will make grant funding available to States and local governments for the creation of opioid reduction programs, creates a task force to review prescribing prac-tices, and cares for babies who are born opioid addicted and dependent. If we all work together, I know that we can win this battle. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.002 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4059 June 22, 2016 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the slaughter in Orlando struck me with special impact. The massacre of patrons of the gay night club focused deliberately on the LGBT community came at a time of unparalleled progress for equality, capped by marriage equal-ity. It was jarring. Even though the struggle continues in places like North Carolina, these killings came at a time of amazing progress and hope. But horrific episodes of gun violence are always personal for me, and not just because of the carnage of multiple shootings and murders. We have had shootings in Oregon in shopping cen-ters and schools, mass shootings in a high school in Springfield and a com-munity college in Roseburg. We have had many deaths and injuries and Pres-idential visits. The gun violence issue started for me with the senseless freak death from a single shot of a high school friend from a passing car. It is personal. I saw this single, random shot devastate a family, friends, and classmates. My own broth-er took his life with a handgun. We know that, unlike other forms of sui-cide attempts, people with handguns almost always succeed. After each horrific event, my hope— and those of millions of other Ameri-cans—are raised again. Maybe this time it will be different. You might ask how, if even the slaughter of 20 inno-cent first graders could not give spine-less politicians the courage to stand up to the craven apologists for gun vio-lence? Well, in part, what is different was that, at Sandy Hook, those 20 little children and their six teachers struck a chord that remains. It laid the founda-tion to help focus the relentless out-spoken efforts of President Obama and his entire administration in dealing with each little element of gun safety that was within their power to make us safer. We have Secretary Clinton run-ning for President who has put a spot-light on gun safety throughout her campaign in a way unlike any we have seen in a Presidential campaign before. One of the most encouraging signs for me is that there is a new approach to reducing gun violence, focused on gun safety. This is taking hold. A num-ber of us have come up with our own plans. A couple of years ago, I formulated my approach—looking at the concept we did with traffic safety—not a single magic solution, but a series of thought-ful, focused effects that, in traffic safe-ty, ended up cutting deaths and inju-ries in half with education, research, enforcement, and policy changes, large and small, that had a cumulative effect of saving hundreds of thousands of lives. We can do this with gun violence. An agenda of simple, commonsense approaches have been taken in other parts of the world, and it has made a difference. We see, in the United States, evidence in those States and communities that have taken action to reduce gun violence that people are, in fact, safer. It makes a difference. Sometimes in politics, we can feel an issue crest, and I think we are watch-ing it now. This week, we have a sim-ple, single powerful little symbol. The no fly, no buy legislation would pre-vent people who we think are too dan-gerous to allow them to buy a ticket to fly on a plane, should not be allowed to buy an assault weapon. Today, my colleagues and I are here supporting the notion that, if there is no bill to vote on, there should be no congressional break, demanding at least to allow us a vote on the floor of the House the same way there was some action in the Senate that gave people hope. Let’s do our part this morning to raise public awareness, to build mo-mentum to make America safer. We shouldn’t go home for the Fourth of July break without at least another small step forward. We owe it to the memory of tens of thousands who have died needlessly from gun violence, and we owe it to the tens of thousands of lives that we can save. 
f 
VENEZUELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the situation in Venezuela is deterio-rating very quickly. In Venezuela, the people are running out of medicine, running out of food, experiencing elec-tricity shortages, and the regime can-not even provide basic goods for the people. Time is ticking, Mr. Speaker. It is not a matter of if; it is a matter of when Venezuela implodes due to the destructive policies of Nicolas Maduro. And the United States cannot sit idly by and watch this train wreck occur before our very eyes. Responsible countries in Latin Amer-ica must also stand up and be a voice for those suffering in Venezuela. Last week, 15 countries from the region signed a joint statement that expressed respect for the Venezuelan Constitu-tion and called on responsible nations to guarantee due process and human rights. This is a good first step, Mr. Speaker, and I applaud those countries, but more needs to be done. Tomorrow, the Organization of American States, the OAS, will have a meeting to discuss this crisis. I know that there are some who are advo-cating for dialogue, but we have tried dialogue before, and it was unsuccess-ful as Maduro kept coming up with new delays and obstacles in order to pre-vent a solution. We cannot allow Maduro to continue the charade of a dialogue as a stalling tactic. A referendum, Mr. Speaker, must occur this year. The people demand it. Because if it doesn’t, then next year, Maduro can step aside, hand over power to his Vice President, and the same abusive regime continues while not addressing any of the underlying problems. If a dialogue does occur, all sectors of the Venezuelan opposition must be at the table. That is only fair. But it can-not happen if some of them are in jail, and a precondition to any dialogue must include the release of all political prisoners. The regime could show a good-faith effort by doing this, but instead, it con-tinues to go the other direction. It con-tinues to go backwards, postponing the appeal of a political prisoner, Leopoldo Lopez, indefinitely after it was sched-uled to occur just 2 days ago. With its repression, its corruption, and its disastrous economic policies, the Maduro regime is running Ven-ezuela into the ground, and it is no wonder that Venezuelans feel like they are under siege. Riots are occurring on a daily basis, and according to one re-cent study, 87 percent of Venezuelans say they don’t have enough money to buy enough food. This travesty is sim-ply unsustainable, and the regime must be held accountable to the people. Tomorrow at the OAS, I hope to see the hemisphere finally stand up for itself, stop allowing itself to be mol-lified by the regime’s lies and stall tac-tics, and hold Maduro’s feet to the fire. Humanitarian aid must be allowed to get through to the people, and the ref-erendum must be held this year. Let the Venezuelan people have their say and finally put an end to this suffering. In September of last year, Mr. Speak-er, I joined 19 of my colleagues in send-ing a bipartisan letter to Secretary Kerry and Secretary Lew urging the administration to enforce a bill that I passed with Senator M
ARCO RUBIO, the Venezuelan Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act, and to apply sanctions to regime officials in the Venezuelan court system in response to the unjust sentencing of Venezuelan activist Leopoldo Lopez. I asked Obama administration offi-cials: What justification do you have for not carrying out and implementing these sanctions for this miscarriage of justice, and what is the dollar amount of the assets seized of the seven indi-viduals whom you have sanctioned? The State Department has pulled some visas due to human rights viola-tions, but I asked the State Depart-ment: Can you tell us how many visas the State Department has pulled, and who are these individuals? Last week, at the OAS meeting in the Dominican Republic, Secretary Kerry stated that Venezuela should fol-low its own constitution and hold a free, fair, and timely recall ref-erendum. Does he believe or expect that it will happen this year? Lastly, Mr. Speaker, Maduro has stated that he is ready to exchange am-bassadors. I think this would be a big mistake because it will look as though we are legitimatizing the illegitimate Maduro regime. I hope that the State Department will not nominate some-one this year to be Ambassador of Ven-ezuela, and I hope that we, in the U.S., do more to help the long-suffering peo-ple of Venezuela. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.018 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4060 June 22, 2016 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the horrific mass shooting that took place on June 12 at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, is a stark reminder of the urgent responsibility that we have to reduce gun violence in this country. This monstrous attack on the LGBT community in a place of refuge and empowerment requires us to act. The shooter in Orlando used an as-sault rifle that is virtually identical to the ones used by mass killers in San Bernardino, Umpqua Community Col-lege, Aurora, and Sandy Hook Elemen-tary School. That is no coincidence. Out of the eight high-profile mass shootings that have taken place in the past year, seven involved the use of an assault weapon. When an assault weap-on is used in a mass shooting, the num-ber of people shot increases by 153 per-cent, and the number of people killed increases by 63 percent. These are weapons of war that are de-signed to kill as many people as pos-sible as quickly as possible. They be-long on a battlefield; they don’t belong in our communities; and I will con-tinue to fight to reinstate the assault weapons ban. This morning, I want to use the time that I have to talk about two proposals that the Speaker should bring up for immediate vote: no fly, no buy, and universal background checks. This is really, really simple. If you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, then you are too dangerous to buy a gun. But under the laws that we have in place today, someone who is on the FBI’s terrorist watch list, who is too dangerous to get on a plane, can still walk into any gun store in America, pass a background check, and walk out with an assault weapon or any other gun he wants. In fact, from 2004 until 2014, more than 2,000 suspected terror-ists bought firearms legally in this country, and they are going to con-tinue doing so until we stop them. Until 9/11, bombs were the weapon of choice for terrorists looking to strike the United States; but in the 15 years since then, 95 percent of terrorist deaths that took place in the United States resulted from gunfire. It is impossible—impossible—to un-derstand that House Republicans have now voted 13 times to block the no fly, no buy proposal that Congressman P
ETER KING and Congressman M IKE T
HOMPSON introduced to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists in this coun-try. Why? What are they afraid of? That we might actually stop a terrorist from passing a background check be-fore he buys an assault rifle at Cabela’s? Bring the no fly, no buy bill to the floor today. Let’s have an up-or-down vote. Let the American people hold us accountable for where we stand. This should be a no-brainer. More than 80 percent of Americans believe we should prevent suspected terrorists from buying a gun, and more than 90 percent of Americans believe that a background check should be re-quired on every firearm sale so we can keep guns out of the hands of criminals and those with such serious mental ill-ness that possessing a gun would make them a danger to themselves or others. Bills are pending to fix our back-ground check system and to require a background check on every gun sale. This is one of the single most impor-tant and effective steps that we can take to reduce gun violence in this country. Right now, anyone can go to a gun show or get on the Internet and pur-chase a gun without a background check. As many as two out of every five firearm transactions today are conducted without a background check. It is too easy for a criminal, a domestic abuser, a terrorist, or some-one with a serious mental illness to buy a gun through this loophole. Every day, background checks block 171 attempted purchases by felons, 48 attempted purchases by domestic abus-ers, and 19 attempted purchases by fu-gitives. It is critical that we strength-en the background check system and require checks on all firearm sales so we can keep more dangerous individ-uals from acquiring these deadly weap-ons. Bring the Fix Gun Checks Act to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, we held a moment of si-lence last week for the victims in Or-lando. I know that all of us have kept the victims and their loved ones and the people of Orlando in our thoughts and prayers since June 12. But the best way to honor the lives lost in this hor-rific tragedy is to do something to pre-vent it from happening to others. A moment of silence is not enough. We need a moment of sustained action in this Chamber, and we need it today. Mr. Speaker, it will be an insult to the victims of this shooting and their families and every victim of every shooting in this country if we continue to do nothing to prevent future trage-dies. Do not let this Chamber adjourn until we have voted on these critical issues. Bring these bills to the floor today. Nothing is more important than stopping the bloodshed and ensuring the safety and security of our constitu-ents. f 
b1030 THE SENATE SHOULD PASS H. CON. RES. 129 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H. Con. Res. 129. To do so, let me share a story about a constituent of mine who is a Holo-caust survivor from Lithuania. She was 11 years old when the German SS Nazis marched into her town and gathered her and her family up. She was sepa-rated right away from her family, and, I guess fortunately for her, she did not appear Jewish to the German soldiers. When she was asked her name, she told them it was Weber, which happens to be my name and the way my grand-father would have pronounced it when he came over from Germany on the boat in 1903. Anyway, the soldier thought she wasn’t Jewish, so he let her go. She ran into the forest, Mr. Speaker, and she hid in barns and other places until the end of the war. She spent the years of that war hungry and fright-ened but somehow managed to survive. She was liberated by the Russians at the war’s end. This woman, who was a young girl when she was 11 back during World War II, is now in her 90s and living in my district in her home in Galveston, Texas. Mr. Speaker, she is in need of 24-hour care to remain in her home. Unfortunately, funds are running low to keep her in her home, with the high cost of providers. She is unable to stay there, it looks like. She lives on Social Security, but for-tunately the Claims Conference has been able to assist her through pro-viding funding by the German Govern-ment for 25 regular hours a week and some exceptional hours a week pro-vided on her increasing healthcare needs. Additionally, the Jewish community of Houston, through the generosity of a private fund which assists Holocaust survivors, through case management efforts of Jewish Family Service in Houston, has also been able to provide up to 59 hours a week of home care above that which the German Govern-ment has funded. As of June 1, 2016, Mr. Speaker, the Jewish Family Service in Houston has not been able to continue this level of care. She and other constituents of mine who are Holocaust victims would all greatly benefit from increased funding which is included in House Concurrent Resolution 129, asking the German Government to provide that funding for that very home care. This would en-sure that those Holocaust survivors are able to remain in their homes with dig-nity for the remaining few years of their life. Thankfully, H. Con. Res. 129 passed— with bipartisan support, I might add— in the House last week. I encourage our counterparts in the Senate to pass this legislation swiftly. Mr. Speaker, you know I am right. f 
CALLING FOR A VOTE ON BEHALF OF THE VICTIMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I am R
OSADELAURO from the State of Con-necticut. I represent the Third Con-gressional District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4061 June 22, 2016 
I am so proud today to join with my colleagues on the issue of what do we do in the United States Congress, the body that deliberates the major issues of the day, the body that is entrusted by the people who put their faith and trust in their elected representatives to do right, to do right by the Amer-ican people, yes, to keep them and their families safe. In Connecticut, gun homicides in 2013 were 71; in 2014, 56—we went down; 2015, 79. Probably one of the most searing events in the United States of America was the massacre of children, of babies in Sandy Hook. That isn’t to say that in every city in this country children are not dying every day. Since Sandy Hook, one American child is killed every single day. These are our chil-dren. Almost 100,000 have died by gun violence since Sandy Hook. What I would like to do is to read to you the names of victims at Sandy Hook. These are not what we are here today to speak about. Yes, we talk about statistics and we talk about per-centages, but what is important is to know about the flesh and blood behind those numbers. At Sandy Hook: Rachel D’Avino, 29, a teacher’s aide. Dawn Hochsprung, 47, principal of Sandy Hook Elementary School. Ann Marie Murphy, 52, a teacher’s aide. Lauren Rousseau, 30, a teacher. Mary Sherlach, 56, school psycholo-gist. Victoria Leigh Soto, 27, a teacher who hid her children in a closet. And I know, because she was a constituent, her family today suffers every day be-cause of her loss. She shielded these ba-bies, and she lost her life. And who are these babies? Charlotte Bacon, 6 years old. Daniel Barden, 7. Olivia Engel, 6. Josephine Gay, 7. Dylan Hockley, 6. Madeleine Hsu, 6. Catherine Hubbard, 6. Chase Kowalski, 7. Jesse Lewis, 6. Ana Marquez-Greene, 6. James Mattioli, 6. Grace McDonnell, 7. Emilie Parker, 6. Jack Pinto, 6. Noah Pozner, 6. Caroline Previdi, 6. Jessica Rekos, 6. Avielle Richman, 6. Benjamin Wheeler, 6. Allison Wyatt, 6. We all have children. We have grand-children. And I won’t forget that day because my grandchildren at that time were 5, 6, 7, and 8 years old. I had to steel myself to be away from them be-cause when I looked at them I just began to cry, because it can be any-one’s child, anyone’s grandchild who will lose their life. One child every single day is killed by gun violence in the United States of America. They leave families, they leave siblings who are unable to even cope with the sense of loss. These fami-lies have tried to channel their grief by the Newtown Promise. Why are we here today? We are here today to say: universal background checks; no fly, no buy. It is as simple as that. And for me personally, as my col-league from Rhode Island said, we should ban assault weapons. We should ban them. That is what occurred at Sandy Hook and several other of these tragedies. The American people sent us here to vote. That is what you have done, de-mand that this Congress vote on this issue. Debate it and vote, and people can be free to vote whatever way they choose to, but our Constitution says we vote on these issues. We should not be denied. Those chil-dren all over America, the adults, should not be forgotten. They should be remembered and that this body was allowed to vote on their behalf. 
f 
WE SHOULD PROTECT ARTISTS AND SONGWRITERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the DMCA, as it is commonly known here in this Chamber, is nearly 20 years old. Now, just as a reminder, 20 years ago, Google was being born, Americans were out dancing the ‘‘Macarena,’’ and they were holding cell phones that were the size of bricks. That was 20 years ago. Tech companies like YouTube may have changed the way Americans con-sume music, but our laws have not kept pace to protect the songwriters and the artists who actually create that music. This week, 180 musical artists and songwriters, including Taylor Swift, Paul McCartney, The Black Keys, and the bands Chicago and U2, sent a letter to Congress calling for the reform of the 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a copy of this letter. 
DEAR CONGRESS : The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is broken and no longer works for creators. As songwriters and artists who are a vital contributing force to the U.S. and to Amer-ican exports around the world, we are writ-ing to express our concern about the ability of the next generation of creators to earn a living. The existing laws threaten the con-tinued viability of songwriters and recording artists to survive from the creation of music. Aspiring creators shouldn’t have to decide between making music and making a living. Please protect them. One of the biggest problems confronting songwriters and recording artists today is the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. This law was written and passed in an era that is technologically out-of-date compared to the era in which we live. It has allowed major tech companies to grow and generate huge profits by creating ease of use for consumers to carry almost every recorded song in his-tory in their pocket via a smartphone, while songwriters’ and artists’ earnings continue to diminish. Music consumption has sky-rocketed, but the monies earned by indi-vidual writers and artists for that consump-tion has plummeted. The DMCA simply doesn’t work. It’s im-possible for tens of thousands of individual songwriters and artists to muster the re-sources necessary to comply with its applica-tion. The tech companies who benefit from the DMCA today were not the intended pro-tectorate when it was signed into law nearly two decades ago. We ask you to enact sen-sible reform that balances the interests of creators with the interests of the companies who exploit music for their financial enrich-ment. It’s only then that consumers will truly benefit. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Here is the prob-lem: the DMCA safe harbor provision. What this does, YouTube has created a platform where anyone with a smartphone can access nearly any song ever recorded. Often this content is in-fringed, and it does not—does not— compensate the artist who created it. The safe harbor provision immunizes YouTube from claims of copyright in-fringement if it removes the infringing content in a timely fashion after YouTube has been notified by an artist or a record company. With millions of songs on YouTube, it is really impos-sible. Grammy-winning jazz/classical com-poser Maria Schneider has said the fol-lowing about the DMCA: ‘‘The DMCA makes it my responsibility to police the entire Internet on a daily basis. As fast as I take my music down, it re-appears again on the same site like an endless Whac-A-Mole game.’’ This not only threatens the vitality of songwriters but the economic con-tributions they make in our commu-nities. Take my home area in Ten-nessee. A 2012 study shows that in Nashville itself the music industry is a $5.5 billion asset to the economy. Look-ing at the entire middle Tennessee re-gion, it is $9.7 billion. This is a fundamental American prin-ciple. If you make something, if you create something, it belongs to you. In no other walk of life do we allow people to steal the work of others and turn a blind eye, except when it comes to songwriters and entertainers. Our friends in the tech industry, who do little to nothing to see that the songwriter is protected on their plat-forms, are the first ones to complain if one of their patents is slightly in-fringed upon. So I ask them, why are their creations deserving of protection but the creations of others are not? It is unfair, and they know it. But creators are not going to keep taking it. The times, they are a- changin’, as Bob Dylan would say. That is why, for years, I have sought to pro-tect music creators through legisla-tion, like the Fair Play Fair Pay Act that Representative N
ADLER and I are working on and the Songwriter Equity Act. To our friends in the tech industry, I say this: willful blindness or situa-tional ethics aren’t okay; ignorance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.007 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4062 June 22, 2016 
and denial, not acceptable; and refus-ing to pay people for their work is un-fair, and it really needs to stop. This is about fairness, and it is about honoring the law by enforcing the law. It is that simple. 
f 
b1045 DEBATE GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, we should not be here today. We should not have to come to the floor of the House of Representatives to beg the majority party just to de-bate and vote on commonsense gun leg-islation that the vast majority of Americans demand. We should not be living in a society where debate and even scientific research about gun vio-lence are stifled and silenced by the majority in Congress, and we should not live in a country where gun vio-lence takes such a toll on our citizens. But here we are, standing up for the millions of Americans who want Con-gress to do something and honoring the thousands of Americans who have lost their lives to gun violence. Here we are, standing up for our constituents who are tired of the excuses and want to hear a debate and want to see us take action on gun violence. And here we are today to represent the victims. The list is so long: Orlando, San Bernardino, Newton, Fort Hood, Charleston. The list goes on. Nine in a church, 23 in a restaurant, 26 in an ele-mentary school, and now 49 in a night-club. The victims are men and women, Black and White, rich and poor, old and young. At a McDonald’s in California, an 8- month-old baby was killed, along with his mother who was trying to shelter him when a gunman came in and start-ed shooting. At a North Carolina nursing home, a 98-year-old grandmother was killed when a shooter came in and opened fire. Here in the United States, you are 10 times more likely to be killed by a gun than in any other developed Nation in the world. Of the 23 richest and most developed countries in the world, we have, by far, the most gun violence. We have half the population of the other 22, but 90 percent of the women killed by a gun are killed by a gun in the United States. Ninety-one percent of the children under age 14, who are killed by a gun, are killed by a gun in the United States. And if you are a young person in this country, you are 50 times more likely to die of a gun death than in all of those other coun-tries. We have the most guns and we have the most gun violence. Mr. Speaker, we have the NRA. Through fear, intimidation, and misin-formation, the NRA has taken control over the debate on guns to such an ex-tent that we cannot even vote in this Chamber on whether we should keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. Right now, someone can be on both the terrorist watch list and the no-fly list. In other words, the FBI thinks you are a terrorist and the TSA bans you from flying, but if you want to drive down to your local gun store and buy an assault rifle, there is nothing any-one can do to stop you. Over the last 10 years, people on the terrorist watch list tried to buy explo-sives or firearms 2,233 times. Over 90 percent of the time, they were success-ful. This is wrong. The American peo-ple know it is wrong, public health offi-cials know it is wrong, and nearly every single law enforcement associa-tion in America knows it is wrong, which is why they are all in favor of closing the terrorist gun loophole. In fact, a recent poll by a Republican poll-ster found 76 percent of gun owners and 71 percent of NRA members said sus-pected terrorists should not be allowed to buy guns. If you were to walk outside the House of Representatives right now and stop someone walking down the street and ask the simple question: Should terrorists be allowed to buy guns, you would get a very simple an-swer. They would say: No, of course terrorists should not be allowed to buy guns. But they can. Republicans here in the House won’t even let us have a de-bate and a vote on it. How did we get here, Mr. Speaker? How has the debate shifted so far away from commonsense gun regulation that a proposal to close the terrorist gun loophole is this controversial? Why is it that, here in the House, debate is si-lenced and we are not allowed to vote? The closest we came to a debate on gun legislation recently came last week when a controversy erupted about the standard procedure to ob-serve a moment of silence on the House floor after a mass shooting. Mr. Speaker, it is shameful that we have allowed this country to get to a point where Congress has to even have a standard procedure to observe mass shootings, yet we aren’t even allowed to have a debate about legislation to address this problem. It is time for us to stand up to the NRA, to have a fair and open debate about gun violence, and it is time for all of us to do our job representing the American people. 
f 
EPIDEMIC OF GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today heartbroken and angered once again by the rampant epidemic of gun violence plaguing our Nation. Gun violence is on the rise across the coun-try. I am not just talking about the tragic mass shootings that grip our collective attention. I am talking about the everyday shootings that go undetected by the national media. Last year, gun deaths became the number one killer of youths aged 16–24. We are on track to break this record in 2016. Just this past Father’s Day weekend, 41 people were shot—13 of them fa-tally—in Chicago. The shootings in those 60 hours claimed the city’s 300th recorded homicide this year. This is the list of the names of the people who have lost their lives to gun violence. I don’t have enough time to name every name. Amari Brown, 7 years old, was the youngest. He was shot in the back. In 2016 alone, more than 1,800 people have been shot across Chicago. Among this weekend’s victims was 3- year-old Devon Quinn. On Sunday, Devon was riding with his father to pick up his mother from work when a hail of bullets hit their car. Devon is still hospitalized. Devon’s story is, unfortunately, all too common in communities like some of the ones that I represent, where a trip down the street to a convenience store or a gas station could end in trag-edy. I am tired of hearing stories like this. It saddens me and angers me each time I speak with constituents and hear their all too familiar story of los-ing a loved one to gun violence. I am frustrated not only because we are los-ing an entire generation to gun vio-lence, but because so many of these deaths were preventable if Congress had just had the courage to take ac-tion. Sadly, we don’t even talk about gun deaths until it is forced into our lives with another tragic mass shooting. When this happens, we give our fiery speeches, hold our moments of silence, and then we wait for the national buzz to fade. It is a shameful and disrespect-ful ritual that proves that Congress has little to no plans to truly honor the lives of gun violence victims. This weekend on ‘‘Meet the Press,’’ the Speaker gave his fellow Repub-licans a pass to ‘‘vote their conscience’’ with respect to their Presidential sup-port. I ask the Speaker to give his col-leagues a pass when it comes to voting on backgrounds checks, which 90 per-cent of Americans support. With each shooting, we are quick to say that it is a mental health problem, it is a family problem, it is a terror problem. But somehow it is never a gun problem. It is time we look at the common de-nominator and accept that the root of the problem is about how guns get into the hands of those seeking to do harm. Prayer and reflection brings comfort to those who mourn, but scripture of all faiths teaches that prayer must be met by good deeds. Silence without ac-tion is deafening. The majority of the American people want greater action. They want to close the gun show and online loop-holes that allow people to purchase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.009 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4063 June 22, 2016 
guns without a background check. They want medical experts and their government to research this plague of gun violence for what it is: a public health crisis. They want to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists on the no- fly list. Why is it that when someone poses a credible national security threat, we ensure that they cannot fly on a plane, but they can still purchase a firearm? With each second that passes without action, we are risking another Devon Quinn, another Hadiya Pendleton, an-other Blair Holt. We are risking an-other Orlando, another Sandy Hook, another Virginia Tech. So I ask my colleagues: Just who ex-actly has to die and how many before we finally put an end to this? Just how many birthdays, Father’s Days, Moth-er’s Days must go uncelebrated? How many would-be graduations must pass? How many empty chairs at a kitchen table must there be before we show courage and say ‘‘enough’’ and take ac-tion to pass measures that keep us safe instead of going on with our violence? It is deafening. Bring these bills to the floor. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) for 5 minutes. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in solidarity with my col-leagues about the mass shootings that are going on in our country. The Orlando mass shooting has been another demonstration for some Amer-icans of an ongoing daily violence and daily nightmare: gun violence in our country. Now, we all know that there is a sys-temic problem for many in our commu-nities of lack in opportunities: lack of education, adequate after-school and summer programs, job training, expan-sion of economic opportunities. But we know measures that will help to in-crease funding for these programs will never reach this floor. We know also that Republicans refuse to take up other measures as well. What they can address right now, right here, is expanded background checks, prevention of gun sales to those on a no-fly list, and a ban on as-sault weapons. Now, I grew up fishing and hunting with my dad. I passed that on to my children. So owning a gun is not some-thing that I believe should not happen, but I know that it is not an absolute right. As the granddaughter of a police commissioner, the daughter of a New York City cop, a former Bronx pros-ecutor, and a Justice Department offi-cial, the war on crime, the war on these mass shootings and destruction would be well served by voting on ex-panded background checks, prevention of gun sales to those on the no-fly list, and a ban on assault weapons. On the small islands that I represent, the U.S. Virgin Islands, there have been over 300 gun-related deaths over the last 5 years. For a place with a pop-ulation of 100,000, to have 300 gun-re-lated deaths in 3 years accounts for a murder rate and a death per capita that is several times the national aver-age. Now, much of this is through a lack of opportunity, but also—and abso-lutely—the influx of illegal assaults weapons, such as high-caliber weapons of mass murder, that come into the market. Those, coupled, in our in-stance, with the drug trade, have left our community in fear and mourning for our young. Last year alone, there were twice as many gun deaths per capita in the Vir-gin Islands than there were in most American cities that we could tradi-tionally think of as having a high gun rate. Who are the victims of the destruc-tion just this year in the Virgin Is-lands? I am going to name them because we never hear names like this. We have our moments of silence for the large groups, but these are the day-to-day in-dividuals that died: January 9, two unnamed males; Jan-uary 20, Stephen Coleman and Heidi Mills; January 21, Tishawn Samuel, 24; February 2, Juan Encarnacion, 30; March 5, Evan Ezekiel Joseph, 38; March 8, Conrad Phipps, 30; March 22, Kishawn Fleming, 23; March 27, Hans Oliver, 38; March 28, Kayan Payne and Kanta Payne, 33 and 29; April 19, Jo-seph duCreay, 19; April 28, Javan Ben-jamin, 22; May 1, Shedale Gabriel, 25; May 22, Vershawn Monsanto, 21; June 4, Shaki Alexander, 21, and Kerven Jo-seph 19; June 12, Ojahnia Adkins, 22, and Jahfari Samuel, 34; June 20, Devon Freeman, 42. The blood of these victims speak to me. I hope, Mr. Speaker, it speaks to you. Bring the bills to the floor. Vote it up or vote it down, but do your job. 
f 
b1100 LET’S DO SOMETHING TO PRO-TECT THE CHILDREN OF AMER-ICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, pretty much everything has been said, except I think, obviously, the leadership is still not hearing us. And it is not just us who are saying this; the American people are saying this. Everyone has seen the polls. Every-one knows the reality that, in the last couple of weeks, 90 percent of the American people want us to do very simple things: no fly, no buy and clos-ing gaping, not small, but gaping loop-holes in the background check. Now, like some of my colleagues, I personally would go further. My con-stituents would support that. There are many things we could be doing, but we are not asking for those things because we know that is a difficult lift in the House of Representatives. But I represent the same number of people as every other Member here, about 750,000 people. And when 90 per-cent of those constituents in every dis-trict wants us to take simple, direct action, I think it is a dereliction of duty and responsibility and our oath to ignore that unless there is some moral reason for us to disagree with some constituents. On this issue, I can’t be-lieve anyone has a moral disagreement with this. Everyone’s talking about Orlando, and that is obviously the most impor-tant, most compelling one. But since the Orlando shooting, in the last 10 days, the last 10 days in America, there have been 77 people, at least, killed with guns—at least. And I say that because many of these things get minimal reporting. Why? Because all of us are used to turning on the local news in every corner of this country every single night and seeing another act of violence, almost always committed with a gun, across America. It is not an urban problem or a rural problem; it is across the country. And we have become a little desensitized to it because it happens all the time. Once in a while, we will get an Or-lando tragedy or a Sandy Hook trag-edy, and we will all jump up and down and say how upset we are. But, as has been pointed out many times, we don’t seem to get all that upset when two or three people get shot in the middle of some other place. Sometimes, we think: well, it is prob-ably just gang violence. It is just one gang member shooting another gang member. Maybe they deserve it. Amer-ica is better off. How do you say that when there is a 3-year-old who gets shot, or a 7-year- old? How dare you say that. Or a woman walking down the street, or people literally just sitting in their homes innocently. People say that some of the proposals that have been made wouldn’t have stopped Orlando or wouldn’t have stopped Sandy Hook or wouldn’t have stopped something else. You know what? Maybe they are right. I don’t know. But I have never in my life, ei-ther politically or personally, used the excuse that because I can’t do every-thing that, therefore, I should do noth-ing. That is nothing more than a lame excuse. If we can save the life of one person by taking simple actions that every-body seems to agree with—if you can’t fly, you can’t buy a gun; close the loop-holes in background checks—no one has a problem with background checks. Most Americans don’t know there are loopholes. And I don’t mean little ones. I mean gaping ones. As you heard ear-lier, about 40 percent of the guns sold in this country are not subject to back-ground checks. That is not a loophole. That is a gaping loophole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.011 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4064 June 22, 2016 
In the last 10 days, 239 Americans have been injured with guns. Now, some say, well, it is in home defense, it is accidental shootings. And that is true. Some of them are. All this stuff is available to anybody who wants to take 5 minutes and do a simple Internet search like I did. There are dozens of reputable Web sites that have this information. One of them, the Gun Violence Ar-chive—simple statistics, not advo-cating, statistics—in 2015, the last cal-endar year, they list 13,433 deaths by gun. That is 36.8 per day. And, this year, we are on pace to exceed that. Of that, two children under the age of 11 per day were shot—two per day. Yes, about 10 percent of the incidents were home invasions, defensive use, and accidental shooting, which is why none of us are trying to impede law- abiding American citizens from owning a gun. But that leaves 90 percent of the gun activity outside that. For us to not take action, in my opinion, is indefen-sible. In 18 years, I have never participated in this Morning Hour discussion. I haven’t done it because I find most of this, more often than not, somebody’s reason to make a political statement. And I guess on some levels that is what I am doing right now. But, on occasion, things get to the point where we, as a group, have to stand up, that we, individually, have to stand up and demand what is the sim-plest action imaginable—if you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy—the simplest action, put it on the floor. I would respect someone for coming up and voting ‘‘no.’’ I would disagree, but at least they wouldn’t be able to hide behind their own political rhetoric that somehow people like me are try-ing to pull guns away from them. The truth is it is a simple action. And I will tell you, as a House Member, I am a bit embarrassed that the Senate was at least able to put it on the floor. At least they will have to answer to their constituents. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CAPUANO. I understand that, Mr. Speaker. This issue has not ex-pired, and this issue will not go away. And this issue will not be the end of this debate today or tomorrow, until we get a vote on these simple issues and do something to protect the chil-dren of America. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN CHICAGO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, over last Father’s Day weekend, 13 peo-ple were killed with guns in Chicago, my hometown. Another 46 were in-jured. One of those critically injured was 3- year-old Devon Quinn. Devon and his father were sitting in their green van when someone pulled up and started firing shots into a crowd of people. Devon was hit in the right shoulder by a bullet as he sat in his car. He was not the target, and he was another inno-cent victim in a terrible year of gun vi-olence. A 17-year-old boy was walking down 46th Street, and he was mowed down by an assault weapon. According to the Chicago Tribune, about 1,800 people have been shot in Chicago this year. Over 200 of them have died from guns. When shootings becomes so commonplace, we risk for-getting how traumatic each one is for the people involved. I recently received a letter from Kiara, a high school senior in my dis-trict, and she wrote: Talking on the phone with a good friend a few nights ago, I heard the disturbing noise of gunshots. Feelings of fear overwhelmed me as my friend was talking as he was walk-ing home from the train station after a long day at work. Almost immediately, communication broke. I called back over and over again with no response. I was on the verge of a melt-down, thinking of what could have happened to him. After what seemed like the longest 10 min-utes of my life, I received a text letting me know that he was okay but needed to call 911, as someone had been shot by a drive-by shooting. I sat there, frozen. What could I do? Then, thoughts of hopelessness and sadness took hold over me, and I thought about the family of this poor, innocent person who was just shot and how terrible that phone call must have been from the hospital. I understand the need for guns and the role they play in protection in times of war and so on. But what I don’t understand is the in-ternal debate and menace within the United States over the use and misuse of weapons. 
Too often, we forget the names of victims and the pain of their loved ones, as Congress continues to do noth-ing to stop the violence. Most don’t even get that empty gesture of a mo-ment of silence, and, even so, we have done 27 moments of silence since Sandy Hook. How numb have we become to every-day violence that we only stop for that lone minute to recognize the most hor-rific shootings? Forty-nine victims in Orlando, schoolchildren in Newtown, churchgoers murdered in Charleston. Just during the Senate filibuster on gun violence last week, 48 people were shot. As the mass shootings get worse and worse, we can’t let these daily shootings fade into the background of America. I know that my constituents feel frustrated and ignored when Congress responds to each of these tragedies with inaction. Angela wrote to me from the Rogers Park neighborhood of Chicago, where I grew up: 
I am writing to you as a frustrated and saddened constituent who is tired of watch-ing innocent people die because the NRA holds our Congresspeople hostage. I am begging you, on behalf of our stu-dents, teachers, police, LGBT, and every in-nocent person who has been affected by senseless gun violence, to please use this mo-ment to enact meaningful gun control in our country. We have had decades of complacency from our government on this issue. It is no longer excusable, particularly for someone rep-resenting Chicago. You know where these le-gally purchased guns end up and that hun-dreds of our children and families pay the price for what selfish maniacs claim is their personal freedom. And I have many more letters like those calling on those of us in Congress to do our job and reduce gun violence in our country. Neighbors ask me for action at the grocery store and at the gym and as I boarded the plane yester-day. We can start by enacting two gun safety proposals that are overwhelm-ingly supported among our constitu-ents, all of our constituents. Close the terrorist loophole. If you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, you should not be able to buy a gun. People can’t even believe that that isn’t the law already. We need universal background checks. Forty percent of those guns used in violence in Chicago are bought legally at Indiana gun shows, where there are no background checks. These proposals won’t stop every sin-gle gun death, but we know that they will stop some. And, yes, there are a lot of other things we could do too. I call on Speaker R
YAN, along with my colleagues, to bring these bills to the floor before we break. Americans are calling for action on gun violence. They are tired of being ignored. No bill, no break. 
f 
THE NEED FOR UNIVERSAL BACKGROUND CHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, our Na-tion is still horrified and heartbroken over the brutal act of terror and hate that killed 49 and wounded many more in Orlando, Florida, just over a week ago. We stand in solidarity with the loved ones of those who were lost, with the LGBT community that suffered this unimaginable act of violence, and the entire Orlando community as they work to move forward from this trag-edy. We can work together to disarm hate. Gun violence has become unaccept-ably commonplace in the country. The Orlando attack is only the latest and the most deadly mass shooting in the history of the United States. We have a responsibility to do more to keep guns out of the wrong hands. But, Mr. Speaker, it is not just mass shootings that should be our focus. Guns have taken more lives in this country since 1968 than were lost in all the wars this Nation has ever fought. On average, more than 89 people each day die due to gun violence, whether that is by homicide, suicide, or acci-dent. That is more than 33,000 Ameri-cans being killed by guns each year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.013 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4065 June 22, 2016 
In just over the 3 years since New-town, more than 111,300 people have been killed by someone using a gun in America. In my State of Maryland, in 2015 alone, more than 340 Marylanders have lost their lives to homicide by guns. Yet, despite the national consensus for legislation to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and convicted felons and domestic abusers, a vocal minor-ity, led by the National Rifle Associa-tion, stands in the way of common-sense proposals to keep our Nation safer. Those voices are forcing a false choice between constitutional rights and safe streets. We can do both. Con-gress can and must enact laws that im-prove the public safety while respect-ing the Constitution. b1115 This Congress has no right to hold moments of silence anymore and then do nothing to prevent the next tragedy. This is a moment of truth for Congress. We cannot have another moment of si-lence without action. We can and should expand and strengthen our background checks and pass the bipar-tisan no fly, no buy bill to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terror-ists. So today what we know is that across this country there are people who go to unlicensed dealers at gun shows and do what they could not do if they went to Walmart to get a gun, and that is to get one without passing a background check. These unlicensed dealers are a significant source of crimes in my State and across the country, with an estimate of 40 percent of all purchases made through them without a back-ground check. Studies show that background checks actually do stop 170 felons, 50 domestic abusers, and 20 fugitives every single day from buying weapons. It works when you do it. Recent polling shows that universal background checks are universally sup-ported across the political spectrum. A CBS poll released just last week showed that 89 percent of the public supports legislation requiring back-ground checks—the low-hanging fruit, the common denominator—and that in-cludes 97 percent of Democrats, 92 per-cent of Republicans, and 82 percent of Independents. Who is left out? The vocal minority led by the National Rifle Association. Let’s talk about the National Rifle Association, Mr. Speaker, because they actually used to support universal background checks at gun shows. On May 27, 1999, Wayne LaPierre, the current executive president and CEO of the National Rifle Association, testi-fied before the House Judiciary Com-mittee about 1 month before Col-umbine, in which 12 high school stu-dents and one teacher were murdered. He said this: ‘‘We think it’s reasonable to provide mandatory instant back-ground checks for every sale at every gun show. No loopholes anywhere for anyone.’’ That is a direct quote from Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association. When did they change? When it be-came politically expedient to do the job of the gun industry. So, unfortu-nately, they have flipped their posi-tion. They no longer support expanded background checks, and they have worked to prohibit that action here in Congress. So I will say, Mr. Speaker, to Speak-er R
YAN and to my Republican col-leagues: Enough already. We are tired. We are done. It is past time for the Congress to listen to the American public instead of to the National Rifle Association, to listen to the over-whelming number of Democrats, Re-publicans, and Independents, and to take guns out of the hands of terror-ists, convicted felons, and those who would do harm to others. No bill, no break. It is time to disarm hate. 
f 
COMMONSENSE GUN CONTROL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that all of my colleagues join me on the floor. On occasion, Mr. Speaker, I have had what I call an executive session with myself. For months, even for years, through several sessions of Congress, I wondered what would bring this body to take action, what would finally make Congress do what is right, what is just, what the people of this country have been demanding, and what is long overdue. We have lost hundreds and thousands of innocent people to gun violence: tiny little children, babies, students and teachers, mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, daughters and sons, friends and neighbors. What has this body done? Mr. Speak-er, nothing. Not one thing. We have turned deaf ears. We have turned deaf ears to the blood of the innocent and the concern of our Nation. We are blind to a crisis. Mr. Speaker, where is the heart of this body? Where is our soul? Where is our moral leadership? Where is our courage? Those who work on bipartisan solutions are pushed aside. Those who pursue commonsense improvement are beaten down. Reason is criticized. Ob-struction is praised. Newtown, Aurora, Charleston, Or-lando. What is the tipping point? Are we blind? Can we see? How many more mothers and how many more fathers need to shed tears of grief before we do something? We were elected to lead, Mr. Speaker. We must be headlights and not tail-lights. We cannot continue to stick our heads in the sand and ignore the re-ality of mass gun violence in our Na-tion. Deadly mass shootings are becoming more and more frequent. Mr. Speaker, this is a fact. It is not an opinion. We must remove the blinders. The time for silence and patience is long gone. We are calling on the leadership of the House to bring commonsense gun control legislation to the House floor. Give us a vote. Let us vote. We came here to do our job. We came here to work. The American people are demanding action. Do we have the courage? Do we have raw courage to make at least a down payment on ending gun violence in America? We can no longer wait. We can no longer be patient. So today we come to the well of the House to dramatize the need for action—not next month, not next year, but now, today. Sometimes you have to do something out of the ordinary. Sometimes you have to make a way out of no way. We have been too quiet for too long. There comes a time when you have to say something, when you have to make a little noise, and when you have to move your feet. This is the time. Now is the time to get in the way. The time to act is now. We will be si-lent no more. The time for silence is over. 
f 
COMMONSENSE GUN CONTROL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) for 2 min-utes. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues. For all of America that is listening, you just heard the soul of the United States Congress speak. The soul of this Nation cries out for a vote. We are gathered here on this floor today to accomplish a single goal. We implore and we ask our colleagues—our colleague from Georgia stood on that side to appeal to the better angels on that side of the aisle—to provide us with the simple dignity that every American is calling for: a vote. Mr. LEWIS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I yield to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
AR-
SON), my friend and brother, for yield-ing. Now is the time for us to find a way to dramatize it, to make it real. We have to occupy the floor of the House until there is action. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, rise up, Democrats. Rise up, Americans. This cannot stand. We will occupy this floor. We will no longer be denied a right to vote. Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland, our minority whip and leader. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we sit down so we can stand up for America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.015 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4066 June 22, 2016 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 25 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at noon. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House will be in order. The House will be in order. The Chair wishes to call on the Chap-lain for the prayer. Will Members please be in order for the prayer by the Chaplain. The prayer will be offered by the Chaplain, Father Conroy. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Father of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of the people’s House. May all their deliberations give rise to understanding. You have called us to serve this Nation by Your divine inspiration. May we reach the destiny You have in mind for us, and may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are asked to remain standing for the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 2 of rule I, the Chair is charged with preserving order and decorum in the proceedings of the House. The Chair finds that the House is currently not in a state of order due to the pres-ence of Members in the well who are not under recognition. The Chair would ask Members to please leave the well so that the House may proceed with business. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2204 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 10 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to make an announcement regarding de-corum in the House Chamber. The Chair appreciates that Members will differ on matters of policy and will seek to express those differences. But the Chair would hope that the business of the House could be con-ducted in a fashion that reflects posi-tively on the dignity and decorum of this institution to which we all belong and serve. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky submitted the following conference report and statement on the bill (H.R. 2577) mak-ing appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
CONFERENCE REPORT (H. R EPT. 114–640) The committee of conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2577), making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses, having met, after full and free con-ference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as fol-lows: That the Senate recede from its disagree-ment to the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2017 and Zika Response and Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Statement of appropriations. Sec. 5. Availability of funds. DIVISION A—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Title I—Department of Defense Title II—Department of Veterans Affairs Title III—Related agencies Title IV—Overseas contingency operations Title V—General provisions DIVISION B—ZIKA RESPONSE AND PRE-PAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 DIVISION C—ZIKA VECTOR CONTROL DIVISION D—RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any divi-sion of this Act shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The following sums in this Act are appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017. 
SEC. 5. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS. 
Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. DIVISION A—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently author-ized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $513,459,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $98,159,000 shall be avail-able for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as cur-rently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the pur-poses of this appropriation, $1,021,580,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro-vided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $88,230,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer serv-ices, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, military installations, facilities, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.017 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4067 June 22, 2016 
real property for the Air Force as currently au-thorized by law, $1,491,058,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That of this amount, not to exceed $143,582,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force deter-mines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Pro-vided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be for con-struction of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Com-plex Consolidation, Phase 3, at Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, unless authorized in an Act authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military construction. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, installations, facilities, and real prop-erty for activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as currently authorized by law, $2,025,444,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That of the amount appro-priated, not to exceed $180,775,000 shall be avail-able for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of Defense determines that ad-ditional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of the deter-mination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Na-tional Guard, and contributions therefor, as au-thorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Author-ization Acts, $232,930,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $8,729,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Director of the Army Na-tional Guard determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL GUARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as author-ized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $143,957,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $10,462,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Re-serve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $68,230,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $7,500,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve com-ponents of the Navy and Marine Corps as au-thorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Author-ization Acts, $38,597,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $3,783,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Re-serve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $188,950,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $4,500,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. N
ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program for the acquisition and con-struction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective de-fense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as au-thorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $177,932,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $240,237,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisition, replace-ment, addition, expansion, extension, and alter-ation, as authorized by law, $157,172,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , A
RMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $325,995,000. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $94,011,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , N
AVY AND MARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and mainte-nance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $300,915,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $61,352,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , A
IRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, prin-cipal and interest charges, and insurance pre-miums, as authorized by law, $274,429,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , D
EFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the activi-ties and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for oper-ation and maintenance, leasing, and minor con-struction, as authorized by law, $59,157,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Hous-ing Improvement Fund, $3,258,000, to remain available until expended, for family housing ini-tiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alter-native means of acquiring and improving mili-tary family housing and supporting facilities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be per-formed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of pas-senger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the na-tional defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which spe-cific appropriations have not been made. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 percent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engi-neers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Com-mand, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Federal court; (2) purchases nego-tiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the Attorney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4068 June 22, 2016 
provide for site preparation; or (3) install utili-ties for any family housing, except housing for which funds have been made available in an-nual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notifi-cation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activity for which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the oppor-tunity to compete for such steel procurement. S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new installa-tion overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and en-gineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation member country, or in countries bor-dering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bor-dering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to ex-ceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to con-tract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States con-tractor exceeds the lowest responsive and re-sponsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this sec-tion shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is sub-mitted by a Marshallese contractor. S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Committees on Ap-propriations, of plans and scope of any pro-posed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construction, either tem-porary or permanent, are anticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction authorized for each such military department by the au-thorizations enacted into law during the current session of Congress. S
EC. 115. For military construction or family housing projects that are being completed with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated supervision, inspection, over-head, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construc-tion of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obli-gated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount ap-propriated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pur-suant to law. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an elec-tronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the Department of Defense Family Hous-ing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction of military unaccompanied housing in ‘‘Military Construction’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund: Provided, That appropria-tions made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guarantees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provi-sions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military fam-ily housing, military unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of Defense, amounts may be transferred from the Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Dem-onstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Homeowners Assistance Pro-gram incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which trans-ferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title for op-eration and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all family housing units, in-cluding general or flag officer quarters: Pro-vided, That not more than $35,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and re-pair of any general or flag officer quarters with-out 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be sub-mitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller) is to report annually to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quarters for the prior fiscal year. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Is-land Improvement Account established by sub-section (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the purposes speci-fied in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to subsection (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the Depart-ment of Defense for military construction and family housing operation and maintenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making authorized adjustments to such ap-propriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobligated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, De-fense’’, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. SEC. 122. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Army to re-locate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employees of the Department of the Army and Army con-tractor personnel employed exceeds 10 percent of the total number of members of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regu-lation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. S
EC. 123. Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in ac-cordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military construction and family housing con-struction contained in Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Volume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for plan-ning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. S
EC. 125. For an additional amount for the ac-counts and in the amounts specified, to remain available until September 30, 2021: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $40,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $227,099,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $149,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $67,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $11,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $30,000,000: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identi-fied in the respective military department’s un-funded priority list for fiscal year 2017 submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense: Pro-vided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expendi-ture of funds to carry out construction: Pro-vided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned, or his or her des-ignee, shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress an expend-iture plan for funds provided under this section. S
EC. 126. For an additional amount for ‘‘Mili-tary Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $89,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, such funds may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified by the Department of the Navy in its June 8, 2016, unfunded priority list submission to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing unfunded re-programming and emergency construction re-quirements: Provided further, That, not later 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4069 June 22, 2016 
than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Committees an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 127. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $29,602,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $51,460,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $171,600,000, of which $30,000,000 are to be de-rived from amounts made available for Missile Defense Agency planning and design; and ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program’’, $30,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 128. Of the unobligated balances made available in prior appropriation Acts for the fund established in section 1013(d) of the Dem-onstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) (other than appro-priations designated by law as being for contin-gency operations directly related to the global war on terrorism or as an emergency require-ment), $25,000,000 are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 129. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 130. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 131. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relocate any ele-ment of a United States Air Force Rapid Engi-neer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment re-quired to consolidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detailing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) cer-tifies in writing to the Committees that the pre-ferred site for the consolidation or relocation yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or posses-sion of the United States. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chap-ters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers’ retirement pay, adjusted- service credits and certificates, payment of pre-miums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as au-thorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $90,119,449,000, to remain available until expended and to become avail-able on October 1, 2017: Provided, That not to exceed $17,224,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2018 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘Infor-mation Technology Systems’’ for necessary ex-penses in implementing the provisions of chap-ters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically pro-vided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ ap-propriation: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and rehabili-tation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as au-thorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $13,708,648,000, to remain available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2017: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the Sec-retary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and vet-erans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $124,504,000, to remain available until expended, of which $107,899,000 shall become available on October 1, 2017. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, includ-ing the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, dur-ing fiscal year 2017, within the resources avail-able, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan pro-grams, $198,856,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $36,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,517,000. In addition, for administrative expenses nec-essary to carry out the direct loan program, $389,000, which may be paid to the appropria-tion for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Vet-erans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,856,160,000: Provided, That expenses for serv-ices and assistance authorized under para-graphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum ex-tent feasible, to become employable and to ob-tain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily living, shall be charged to this account: Provided fur-ther, That, of the funds made available under this heading, not to exceed 5 percent shall re-main available until September 30, 2018. V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as au-thorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bio-engineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support serv-ices for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan re-payments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), and hospital care and med-ical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $1,078,993,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appro-priated under this heading that become avail-able on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $44,886,554,000, plus reimbursements, shall be-come available on October 1, 2017, and shall re-main available until September 30, 2018: Pro-vided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That, not-withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for veterans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall give priority funding for the provi-sion of basic medical benefits to veterans in en-rollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration fa-cilities to enrolled veterans with privately writ-ten prescriptions based on requirements estab-lished by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary of Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4070 June 22, 2016 
Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts ap-propriated under this heading for medical sup-plies and equipment are available for the acqui-sition of prosthetics designed specifically for fe-male veterans: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall provide access to therapeutic listening devices to veterans struggling with mental health related problems, substance abuse, or traumatic brain injury. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Department facilities, $7,246,181,000, plus reimbursements, of which $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and, in addition, $9,409,118,000 shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, $1,500,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domi-ciliary, construction, supply, and research ac-tivities, as authorized by law; administrative ex-penses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $6,654,480,000, plus reim-bursements, shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facili-ties of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property ac-quisition and disposition, construction, and ren-ovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, en-gineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, ei-ther by contract or by the hire of temporary em-ployees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services; $247,668,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $5,434,880,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out pro-grams of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $675,366,000, plus reim-bursements, shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic research specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure re-search. N
ATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Ceme-tery Administration for operations and mainte-nance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial ex-penses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial op-erations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $286,193,000, of which not to ex-ceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise pro-vided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimburse-ment of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $345,391,000, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $156,096,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information tech-nology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,278,259,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,272,548,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed $37,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That $2,534,442,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to ex-ceed $180,200,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That $471,269,000 shall be for information technology systems development, modernization, and en-hancement, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That amounts made available for information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each develop-ment project: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and expenses, oper-ations and maintenance, and information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ account for development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or de-creased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Pro-vided further, That funds under this heading may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoperability: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available for infor-mation technology systems development, mod-ernization, and enhancement for VistA Evo-lution or any successor program, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs: (1) submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the VistA Evo-lution Business Case and supporting documents regarding continuation of VistA Evolution or al-ternatives to VistA Evolution, including an analysis of necessary or desired capabilities, technical and security requirements, the plan for modernizing the platform framework, and all associated costs; (2) submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, and such Com-mittees approve, the following: a report that de-scribes a strategic plan for VistA Evolution, or any successor program, and the associated im-plementation plan including metrics and timelines; a master schedule and lifecycle cost estimate for VistA Evolution or any successor; and an implementation plan for the transition from the Project Management Accountability System to a new project delivery framework, the Veteran-focused Integration Process, that in-cludes the methodology by which projects will be tracked, progress measured, and deliverables evaluated; (3) submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress a report out-lining the strategic plan to reach interoper-ability with private sector healthcare providers, the timeline for reaching ‘‘meaningful use’’ as defined by the Office of National Coordinator for Health Information Technology for each data domain covered under the VistA Evolution program, and the extent to which the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs leverages the State Health Information Exchanges to share health data with private sector providers; (4) submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, and such Com-mittees approve, the following: a report that de-scribes the extent to which VistA Evolution, or any successor program, maximizes the use of commercially available software used by DoD and the private sector, requires an open archi-tecture that leverages best practices and rapidly adapts to technologies produced by the private sector, enhances full interoperability between the VA and DoD and between VA and the pri-vate sector, and ensures the security of person-ally identifiable information of veterans and beneficiaries; and (5) certifies in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress that the Department of Veterans Affairs has met the requirements contained in the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) which require that electronic health record systems of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs have reached interoperability, comply with national standards and architectural requirements iden-tified by the DoD/VA Interagency Program Of-fice in collaboration with the Office of National Coordinator for Health Information Technology: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for information technology systems development, modernization, and en-hancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information tech-nology, in carrying out the provisions of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $160,106,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and im-proving any of the facilities, including parking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4071 June 22, 2016 
projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architectural and engineering serv-ices, construction management services, mainte-nance or guarantee period services costs associ-ated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, where the estimated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a previous major project ap-propriation, $528,110,000, of which $478,110,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021, and of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That except for ad-vance planning activities, including needs as-sessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset manage-ment related activities, including portfolio devel-opment and management activities, and invest-ment strategy studies funded through the ad-vance planning fund and the planning and de-sign activities funded through the design fund, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting officers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the purchase, security, and maintenance of land for the Na-tional Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budgetary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint resolution, or in the explanatory statement accompanying such Act and pre-sented to the President at the time of enroll-ment: Provided further, That funds made avail-able under this heading for fiscal year 2017, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents con-tract by September 30, 2017; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any ap-proved major construction project for which ob-ligations are not incurred within the time limi-tations established above: Provided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $222,620,000 for Veterans Health Ad-ministration major construction projects shall not be available until the Department of Vet-erans Affairs— (1) enters into an agreement with an appro-priate non-Department of Veterans Affairs Fed-eral entity to serve as the design and/or con-struction agent for any Veterans Health Admin-istration major construction project with a Total Estimated Cost of $100,000,000 or above by pro-viding full project management services, includ-ing management of the project design, acquisi-tion, construction, and contract changes, con-sistent with section 502 of Public Law 114–58; and (2) certifies in writing that such an agreement is executed and intended to minimize or prevent subsequent major construction project cost over-runs and provides a copy of the agreement en-tered into and any required supplementary in-formation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and im-proving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital investments, architectural and engineering services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site ac-quisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $372,069,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, along with unobligated balances of pre-vious ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ appro-priations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the juris-diction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or damage caused by any natural disaster or catastrophe; and (2) temporary measures necessary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE EXTENDED  
CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or con-struct State nursing home and domiciliary fa-cilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facili-ties in State homes, for furnishing care to vet-erans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal organi-zations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Read-justment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as nec-essary to any other of the mentioned appropria-tions: Provided, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Med-ical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Med-ical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any trans-fers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to noti-fication from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Med-ical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 per-cent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress the au-thority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. SEC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor ve-hicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title (ex-cept the appropriations for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. S
EC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. S
EC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjust-ment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be re-corded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2016. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obligations of corresponding prior year appropriations ac-counts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund ac-counts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Com-pensation and Pensions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2017, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Serv-ice Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Spe-cial Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reim-burse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Vet-erans Benefits Administration’’ and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs fi-nanced through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the sur-plus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2017 that are avail-able for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined re-serves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of administration of such an in-surance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reim-bursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine the cost of admin-istration for fiscal year 2017 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that in-surance program. S
EC. 209. Amounts deducted from enhanced- use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that account during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obligated during the fiscal year in which the proceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4072 June 22, 2016 
shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication under section 319 of title 38, United States Code, for all services provided at rates which will recover ac-tual costs but not to exceed $47,668,000 for the Office of Resolution Management and $3,932,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication: Provided, That pay-ments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. S
EC. 211. No funds of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs shall be available for hospital care, nursing home care, or medical services pro-vided to any person under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third- party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the rea-sonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or services pro-vided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, proceeds or revenues derived from en-hanced-use leasing activities (including dis-posal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisition and disposition), al-terations, and improvements of any medical fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’. S
EC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, sup-plies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and bur-ials for beneficiaries receiving care in the De-partment. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to re-main available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organizations which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to pro-vide healthcare, including behavioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating vet-erans and facilities to comply with all appro-priate rules and regulations, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construc-tion, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain avail-able until expended for the purposes of these ac-counts. (RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 217. Of the amounts appropriated in title II of division J of Public Law 114–113 under the heading ‘‘Medical Services’’ which become available on October 1, 2016, $7,246,181,000 are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 218. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Pro-vided, That, at a minimum, the report shall in-clude the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quarterly reporting’’, under the head-ing ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint ex-planatory statement accompanying this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 219. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cem-etery Administration’’ accounts for fiscal year 2017 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Infor-mation Technology Systems’’ account: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘In-formation Technology Systems’’ account: Pro-vided further, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall re-quest from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 220. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Af-fairs may be used in a manner that is incon-sistent with: (1) section 842 of the Transpor-tation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 221. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Commu-nity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, up to $274,731,000, plus reimburse-ments, may be transferred to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as com-bined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 223 of title II of division J of Public Law 114–113 is repealed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 222. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2017, for ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’, up to $280,802,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That addi-tional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 223. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for oper-ations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 224. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by sec-tion 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to re-main available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 225. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Integrated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes moni-toring supplies and equipment. S
EC. 226. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less: Pro-vided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract identifying the pro-grammed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obligation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such sav-ings. S
EC. 227. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data pro-vided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 228. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a quar-terly report containing performance measures and data from each Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration Regional Office: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims backlog’’, under the heading ‘‘General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4073 June 22, 2016 
Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’ in the joint explanatory statement ac-companying this Act. S
EC. 229. Of the funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ a maximum of $40,000,000 may be obligated from the ‘‘Med-ical Support and Compliance’’ account for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects: Provided, That funds in addition to these amounts may be obligated for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects upon written no-tification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full- time equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. S
EC. 231. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national out-reach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 232. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discretionary appropria-tions made available for fiscal year 2017 in this title (except appropriations made to the ‘‘Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration’’ account) or any discretionary un-obligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2017, that were provided in ad-vance by appropriations Acts: Provided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Pro-vided further, That the transfer authority pro-vided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such author-ity to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare re-quirements, than those for which originally ap-propriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Pro-vided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall re-quest from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that re-quest. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 233. Amounts made available for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. S
EC. 234. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. (RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 235. Of the unobligated balances avail-able within the ‘‘DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund’’, $40,000,000 are hereby re-scinded. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 236. Of the discretionary funds made available in Public Law 114–113 for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, $134,000,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’, $26,000,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and $9,000,000 are re-scinded from ‘‘Medical Facilities’’. S
EC. 237. The amounts otherwise made avail-able by this Act for the following accounts of the Department of Veterans Affairs are hereby reduced by the following amounts: (1) ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical and Prosthetic Research’’, $2,000,000. (2) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Board of Veterans Appeals’’, $500,000. (3) ‘‘Veterans Benefits Administration—Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration’’, $12,000,000. (4) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Informa-tion Technology Systems’’, $8,000,000. (5) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Office of Inspector General’’, $500,000. S
EC. 238. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained pro-fessional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the Amer-ican Association of Suicidology. S
EC. 239. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall treat a marriage and family therapist de-scribed in subsection (b) as qualified to serve as a marriage and family therapist in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, regardless of any re-quirements established by the Commission on Accreditation for Marriage and Family Therapy Education. (b) A marriage and family therapist described in this subsection is a therapist who meets each of the following criteria: (1) Has a masters or higher degree in marriage and family therapy, or a related field, from a re-gionally accredited institution. (2) Is licensed as a marriage and family thera-pist in a State (as defined in section 101(20) of title 38, United States Code) and possesses the highest level of licensure offered from the State. (3) Has passed the Association of Marital and Family Therapy Regulatory Board Examination in Marital and Family Therapy or a related ex-amination for licensure administered by a State (as so defined). S
EC. 240. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domiciliaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare services at existing Veterans Health Administration medical facili-ties located in Veterans Integrated Service Net-work 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report including the following ele-ments: (1) a national realignment strategy that in-cludes a detailed description of realignment plans within each Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN), including an updated Long Range Capital Plan to implement realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost vs. benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Vet-erans Health Administration services with con-tract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transpor-tation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with historic designation and the methodology used to deter-mine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realignment requirements: Provided, That, this provision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. SEC. 241. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 242. Paragraph (3) of section 403(a) of the Veterans’ Mental Health and Other Care Im-provements Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–387; 38 U.S.C. 1703 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) D
URATION .—A veteran may receive health services under this section during the period be-ginning on the date specified in paragraph (2) and ending on September 30, 2017.’’. S
EC. 243. (a) Section 1722A(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Paragraph (1) does not apply to opioid antagonists furnished under this chapter to a veteran who is at high risk for overdose of a specific medication or substance in order to re-verse the effect of such an overdose.’’. (b) Section 1710(g)(3) of such title is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘with respect to home health services’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to the fol-lowing:’’ ‘‘(A) Home health services’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Education on the use of opioid antago-nists to reverse the effects of overdoses of spe-cific medications or substances.’’. S
EC. 244. Section 312 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c)(1) by striking the phrase ‘‘that makes a recommendation or otherwise suggests corrective action,’’. S
EC. 245. Of the funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, funds may be used in each year to carry out and expand the child care program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111–163, notwith-standing subsection (e) of such section. S
EC. 246. Section 5701(l) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. VA P
ATIENT PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 S
EC. 247. (a) P ROCEDURE AND ADMINISTRA -
TION.— (1) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS ‘‘§ 731. Whistleblower complaint defined ‘‘In this subchapter, the term ‘whistleblower complaint’ means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a potential violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mis-management, gross waste of funds, abuse of au-thority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘§ 732. Treatment of whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) F
ILING .—(1) In addition to any other method established by law in which an employee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4074 June 22, 2016 
may file a whistleblower complaint, an employee of the Department may file a whistleblower com-plaint in accordance with subsection (g) with a supervisor of the employee. ‘‘(2) Except as provided by subsection (d)(1), in making a whistleblower complaint under paragraph (1), an employee shall file the initial complaint with the immediate supervisor of the employee. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—(1)(A) Not later than four business days after the date on which a su-pervisor receives a whistleblower complaint by an employee under this section, the supervisor shall notify, in writing, the employee of whether the supervisor determines that there is a reason-able likelihood that the complaint discloses a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘(B) The supervisor shall retain written docu-mentation regarding the whistleblower com-plaint and shall submit to the next-level super-visor and the central whistleblower office de-scribed in subsection (h) a written report on the complaint. ‘‘(2)(A) On a monthly basis, the supervisor shall submit to the appropriate director or other official who is superior to the supervisor a writ-ten report that includes the number of whistle-blower complaints received by the supervisor under this section during the month covered by the report, the disposition of such complaints, and any actions taken because of such com-plaints pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(B) In the case in which such a director or official carries out this paragraph, the director or official shall submit such monthly report to the supervisor of the director or official and to the central whistleblower office described in subsection (h). ‘‘(c) P
OSITIVE DETERMINATION .—If a super-visor makes a positive determination under sub-section (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower com-plaint of an employee, the supervisor shall in-clude in the notification to the employee under such subsection the specific actions that the su-pervisor will take to address the complaint. ‘‘(d) F
ILING COMPLAINT WITHNEXT-LEVEL SU-
PERVISORS .—(1) If any circumstance described in paragraph (3) is met, an employee may file a whistleblower complaint in accordance with subsection (g) with the next-level supervisor who shall treat such complaint in accordance with this section. ‘‘(2) An employee may file a whistleblower complaint with the Secretary if the employee has filed the whistleblower complaint to each level of supervisors between the employee and the Secretary in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A circumstance described in this para-graph is any of the following circumstances: ‘‘(A) A supervisor does not make a timely de-termination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(B) The employee who made a whistleblower complaint determines that the supervisor did not adequately address the complaint pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(C) The immediate supervisor of the em-ployee is the basis of the whistleblower com-plaint. ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF EMPLOYEE WHOFILES W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT .—If a supervisor makes a positive determination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint filed by an employee, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) inform the employee of the ability to vol-unteer for a transfer in accordance with section 3352 of title 5; and ‘‘(2) give preference to the employee for such a transfer in accordance with such section. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON EXEMPTION .—The Sec- retary may not exempt any employee of the De-partment from being covered by this section. ‘‘(g) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT FORM.—(1) A whistleblower complaint filed by an employee under subsection (a) or (d) shall consist of the form described in paragraph (2) and any sup-porting materials or documentation the em-ployee determines necessary. ‘‘(2) The form described in this paragraph is a form developed by the Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, that includes the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) An explanation of the purpose of the whistleblower complaint form. ‘‘(B) Instructions for filing a whistleblower complaint as described in this section. ‘‘(C) An explanation that filing a whistle-blower complaint under this section does not preclude the employee from any other method established by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(D) A statement directing the employee to in-formation accessible on the Internet website of the Department as described in section 735(d). ‘‘(E) Fields for the employee to provide— ‘‘(i) the date that the form is submitted; ‘‘(ii) the name of the employee; ‘‘(iii) the contact information of the employee; ‘‘(iv) a summary of the whistleblower com-plaint (including the option to append sup-porting documents pursuant to paragraph (1)); and ‘‘(v) proposed solutions to the complaint. ‘‘(F) Any other information or fields that the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) The Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, shall develop the form de-scribed in paragraph (2) by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion. ‘‘(h) CENTRAL WHISTLEBLOWER OFFICE .—(1) The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office— ‘‘(A) is not an element of the Office of the General Counsel; ‘‘(B) is not headed by an official who reports to the General Counsel; ‘‘(C) does not provide, or receive from, the General Counsel any information regarding a whistleblower complaint except pursuant to an action regarding the complaint before an admin-istrative body or court; and ‘‘(D) does not provide advice to the General Counsel. ‘‘(2) The central whistleblower office shall be responsible for investigating all whistleblower complaints of the Department, regardless of whether such complaints are made by or against an employee who is not a member of the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall ensure that the cen-tral whistleblower office maintains a toll-free hotline to anonymously receive whistleblower complaints. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall ensure that the cen-tral whistleblower office has such staff and re-sources as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out the functions of the central whistle-blower office. ‘‘(5) In this subsection, the term ‘central whis-tleblower office’ means the Office of Account-ability Review or a successor office that is estab-lished or designated by the Secretary to inves-tigate whistleblower complaints filed under this section or any other method established by law. ‘‘§ 733. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower com-plaints ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) In accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall carry out the following adverse actions against supervisory employees (as defined in section 7103(a) of title 5) whom the Secretary, an administrative judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body pro-vided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the Inspector General of the Department de-termines committed a prohibited personnel ac-tion described in subsection (c): ‘‘(A) With respect to the first offense, an ad-verse action that is not less than a 12-day sus-pension and not more than removal. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second offense, re-moval. ‘‘(2)(A) An employee against whom an adverse action under paragraph (1) is proposed is enti-tled to written notice. ‘‘(B)(i) An employee who is notified under subparagraph (A) of being the subject of a pro-posed adverse action under paragraph (1) is en-titled to 14 days following such notification to answer and furnish evidence in support of the answer. ‘‘(ii) If the employee does not furnish any such evidence as described in clause (i) or if the Secretary determines that such evidence is not sufficient to reverse the determination to pro-pose the adverse action, the Secretary shall carry out the adverse action following such 14- day period. ‘‘(C) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7513 of title 5, subsection (c) of such section, paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7543 of such title, and subsection (c) of such section shall not apply with respect to an adverse action carried out under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited personnel action described in subsection (c), if the Sec-retary carries out an adverse action against a supervisory employee, the Secretary may carry out an additional adverse action under this sec-tion based on the same prohibited personnel ac-tion if the total severity of the adverse actions do not exceed the level specified in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION DE-
SCRIBED .—A prohibited personnel action de-scribed in this subsection is any of the following actions: ‘‘(1) Taking or failing to take a personnel ac-tion in violation of section 2302 of title 5 against an employee relating to the employee— ‘‘(A) filing a whistleblower complaint in ac-cordance with section 732 of this title; ‘‘(B) filing a whistleblower complaint with the Inspector General of the Department, the Spe-cial Counsel, or Congress; ‘‘(C) providing information or participating as a witness in an investigation of a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 732 or with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Congress; ‘‘(D) participating in an audit or investigation by the Comptroller General of the United States; ‘‘(E) refusing to perform an action that is un-lawful or prohibited by the Department; or ‘‘(F) engaging in communications that are re-lated to the duties of the position or are other-wise protected. ‘‘(2) Preventing or restricting an employee from making an action described in any of sub-paragraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Conducting a negative peer review or opening a retaliatory investigation because of an activity of an employee that is protected by section 2302 of title 5. ‘‘(4) Requesting a contractor to carry out an action that is prohibited by section 4705(b) or section 4712(a)(1) of title 41, as the case may be. ‘‘§ 734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses ‘‘(a) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—(1) In evaluating the performance of supervisors of the Depart-ment, the Secretary shall include the criteria de-scribed in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) The criteria described in this subsection are the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the supervisor treats whistle-blower complaints in accordance with section 732 of this title. ‘‘(B) Whether the appropriate deciding offi-cial, performance review board, or performance review committee determines that the supervisor was found to have committed a prohibited per-sonnel action described in section 733(b) of this title by an administrative judge, the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, the Office of Special 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4075 June 22, 2016 
Counsel, an adjudicating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or, in the case of a settlement of a whistleblower complaint (re-gardless of whether any fault was assigned under such settlement), the Secretary. ‘‘(b) B
ONUSES .—(1) The Secretary may not pay to a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) an award or bonus under this title or title 5, in-cluding under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, dur-ing the one-year period beginning on the date on which the determination was made under such subsection. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall issue an order directing a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) to repay the amount of any award or bonus paid under this title or title 5, including under chap-ter 45 or 53 of such title, if— ‘‘(A) such award or bonus was paid for per-formance during a period in which the super-visor committed a prohibited personnel action as determined pursuant to such subsection (a)(2)(B); ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines such repayment appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary to carry out this section; and ‘‘(C) the supervisor is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing before making such repayment. ‘‘§ 735. Training regarding whistleblower com-plaints ‘‘(a) T
RAINING .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary, in coordination with the Whistleblower Protection Ombudsman des-ignated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall pro-vide to each employee of the Department train-ing regarding whistleblower complaints, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint; ‘‘(2) an explanation of prohibited personnel actions described by section 733(c) of this title; ‘‘(3) with respect to supervisors, how to treat whistleblower complaints in accordance with section 732 of this title; ‘‘(4) the right of the employee to petition Con-gress regarding a whistleblower complaint in ac-cordance with section 7211 of title 5; ‘‘(5) an explanation that the employee may not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress, the Inspector General, or another investigatory agency in in-stances where such disclosure is permitted by law, including under sections 5701, 5705, and 7732 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191); ‘‘(6) an explanation of the language that is re-quired to be included in all nondisclosure poli-cies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and ‘‘(7) the right of contractors to be protected from reprisal for the disclosure of certain infor-mation under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. ‘‘(b) M
ANNER TRAINING ISPROVIDED .—The Secretary shall ensure that training provided under subsection (a) is provided in person. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall provide training on merit system protection in a manner that the Special Counsel certifies as being satis-factory. ‘‘(d) P
UBLICATION .—(1) The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the Depart-ment, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to file a whistleblower complaint, including the in-formation described in paragraphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall publish on the Inter-net website of the Department, the whistle-blower complaint form described in section 732(g)(2). ‘‘§ 736. Reports to Congress ‘‘(a) ANNUAL REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that includes— ‘‘(1) with respect to whistleblower complaints filed under section 732 of this title during the year covered by the report— ‘‘(A) the number of such complaints filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints in which a positive de-termination was made by a supervisor under subsection (b)(1) of such section; ‘‘(2) the number of whistleblower complaints filed during the year covered by the report that are not included under paragraph (1), includ-ing— ‘‘(A) the method in which such complaints were filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints; and ‘‘(3) with respect to disclosures made by a con-tractor under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41— ‘‘(A) the number of complaints relating to such disclosures that were investigated by the Inspector General of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs during the year covered by the re-port; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE OF OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  D
ETERMINATIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives from the Special Counsel information relating to a whistleblower complaint pursuant to section 1213 of title 5, the Secretary shall notify the ap-propriate committees of Congress of such infor-mation, including the determination made by the Special Counsel. ‘‘(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such chapter is further amended by inserting before section 701 the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed— (i) by inserting before the item relating to sec-tion 701 the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS ’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS  ‘‘731. Whistleblower complaint defined. ‘‘732. Treatment of whistleblower complaints. ‘‘733. Adverse actions against supervisory em-ployees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints. ‘‘734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses. ‘‘735. Training regarding whistleblower com-plaints. ‘‘736. Reports to Congress.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY  
BYDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOY -
EES AS OFFICIAL DUTY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as designated by section 2(a)(2)(A), is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty ‘‘(a) CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY .—An em- ployee of the Department is performing official duty during the period with respect to which the employee is testifying in an official capacity in front of either chamber of Congress, a committee of either chamber of Congress, or a joint or se-lect committee of Congress. ‘‘(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall provide travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applica-ble provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs performing official duty de-scribed under subsection (a).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 2(a)(2)(B), is further amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘715. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty.’’. S
EC. 248. (a) I NGENERAL .—For the purposes of verifying that an individual performed service under honorable conditions that satisfies the re-quirements of a coastwise merchant seaman who is recognized pursuant to section 401 of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95– 202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note) as having performed ac-tive duty service for the purposes described in subsection (c)(1), the Secretary of Defense shall accept the following: (1) In the case of an individual who served on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such rec-ognition for whom no applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship logbook, mer-chant mariner’s document or Z-card, or other official employment record is available, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide such recognition on the basis of applicable Social Security Ad-ministration records submitted for or by the in-dividual, together with validated testimony given by the individual or the primary next of kin of the individual that the individual per-formed such service during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (2) In the case of an individual who served on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such rec-ognition for whom the applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship logbook, mer-chant mariner’s document or Z-card, or other official employment record has been destroyed or otherwise become unavailable by reason of any action committed by a person responsible for the control and maintenance of such form, logbook, or record, the Secretary of Defense shall accept other official documentation dem-onstrating that the individual performed such service during period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (3) For the purpose of determining whether to recognize service allegedly performed during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and end-ing on December 31, 1946, the Secretary shall recognize masters of seagoing vessels or other of-ficers in command of similarly organized groups as agents of the United States who were author-ized to document any individual for purposes of hiring the individual to perform service in the merchant marine or discharging an individual from such service. (b) T
REATMENT OF OTHER DOCUMENTATION .— Other documentation accepted by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (a)(2) shall satisfy all requirements for eligibility of service during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (c) B
ENEFITS ALLOWED .— (1) M
EDALS , RIBBONS , AND DECORATIONS .—An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (a) may be awarded an appropriate medal, ribbon, or other military decoration based on such service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4076 June 22, 2016 
(2) S TATUS OF VETERAN .—An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (a) shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled by reason of such recog-nized service to any benefit that is not described in this subsection. S
EC. 249. Section 322(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘allowance to a veteran’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘allowance to— ‘‘(A) a veteran’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) a veteran with a VA service-connected disability rated as 30 percent or greater by the Department of Veterans Affairs who is selected by the United States Olympic Committee for the United States Olympic Team for any month in which the veteran is competing in any event sanctioned by the National Governing Bodies of the United States Olympic Sports.’’. S
EC. 250. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 111(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) A veteran with vision impairment, a vet-eran with a spinal cord injury or disorder, or a veteran with double or multiple amputations whose travel is in connection with care provided through a special disabilities rehabilitation pro-gram of the Department (including programs provided by spinal cord injury centers, blind re-habilitation centers, and prosthetics rehabilita-tion centers) if such care is provided— ‘‘(i) on an in-patient basis; or ‘‘(ii) during a period in which the Secretary provides the veteran with temporary lodging at a facility of the Department to make such care more accessible to the veteran.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the beneficiary travel program under section 111 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), that includes the following: (1) The cost of the program. (2) The number of veterans served by the pro-gram. (3) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 251. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a program to conduct inspections of kitchens and food service areas at each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such in-spections shall occur not less frequently than annually. The program’s goal is to ensure that the same standards for kitchens and food service areas at hospitals in the private sector are being met at kitchens and food service areas at med-ical facilities of the Department. (b) A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations under which the Joint Commission on Accredita-tion of Hospital Organizations conducts the in-spections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations on terms acceptable to the Secretary, the Sec-retary shall seek to enter into such an agree-ment with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity comparable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) REMEDIATION PLAN.— (1) I
NITIAL FAILURE .—If a kitchen or food service area of a medical facility of the Depart-ment is determined pursuant to an inspection conducted under subsection (a) not to meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sector, that medical fa-cility fails the inspection and the Secretary shall— (A) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 72 hours; and (B) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 14 days of the failed inspection. (2) S
ECOND FAILURE .—If a medical facility of the Department fails the second inspection con-ducted under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall close the kitchen or food service area at that medical facility that did not meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sector until full remedi-ation is completed and all kitchens and food service areas at that medical facility meet such standards. (3) P
ROVISION OF FOOD .—If a kitchen or food service area is closed at a medical facility of the Department pursuant to paragraph (2), the Di-rector of the Veterans Integrated Service Net-work in which the medical facility is located shall enter into a contract with a vendor ap-proved by the General Services Administration to provide food at the medical facility. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not less frequently than quarterly, the Under Secretary of Health shall submit to Congress a report on inspections conducted under this section, and their detailed findings and actions taken, during the pre-ceding quarter at medical facilities of the De-partment. S
EC. 252. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a program to conduct risk-based inspections for mold and mold issues at each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such facili-ties will be rated high, medium, or low risk for mold. Such inspections at facilities rated high risk shall occur not less frequently than annu-ally, and such inspections at facilities rated me-dium or low risk shall occur not less frequently than biennially. (b) A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations under which the Joint Commission on Accredita-tion of Hospital Organizations conducts the in-spections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations on terms acceptable to the Secretary, the Sec-retary shall seek to enter into such an agree-ment with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity comparable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) R
EMEDIATION PLAN.—If a medical facility of the Department is determined pursuant to an inspection conducted under subsection (a) to have a mold issue, the Secretary shall— (1) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 7 days; and (2) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 90 days of the initial inspection. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not less frequently than quarterly, the Under Secretary for Health shall submit to Congress a report on inspections conducted under this section, and their detailed findings and actions taken, during the pre-ceding quarter at medical facilities of the De-partment. SEC. 253. Section 1706(b)(5)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended, in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘through 2008’’. S
EC. 254. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this title to ensure that the ratio of veterans to full-time employment equivalents within any program of rehabilita-tion conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, does not exceed 125 veterans to one full-time employment equivalent. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the programs of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, including— (1) an assessment of the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program; and (2) recommendations for such action as the Secretary considers necessary to reduce the vet-eran-to-staff ratio for each such program. S
EC. 255. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibil-ities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede that In-spector General’s access to such records, docu-ments, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure com-pliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information provided by the es-tablishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. S
EC. 256. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement related to resolving a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohibited from disclosure by Federal law or required by Executive Order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs. S
EC. 257. Appropriations made available in this Act under the heading ‘‘Medical Services’’ shall be available to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, to in-clude the payment of the administrative ex-penses necessary to carry out such sections. Of the amount appropriated for fiscal year 2017, up to $2,000,000 shall be available for the payment of monthly assistance allowances to veterans pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 322(d) and up to $8,000,000 shall be available for the payment of grants pur-suant to 38 U.S.C. 521A. Of the amounts appro-priated in advance for fiscal year 2018, up to $2,000,000 shall be available for the payment of monthly assistance allowances to veterans pur-suant to 38 U.S.C. 322(d) and up to $8,000,000 shall be available for the payment of grants pur-suant to 38 U.S.C. 521A. S
EC. 258. (a) In fiscal year 2017 and each fis-cal year hereafter, beginning with the fiscal year 2018 budget request submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the budget justification documents submitted for the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ account of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs shall include, at a minimum, the information required under subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4077 June 22, 2016 
(b) The budget justification documents sub-mitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include, for each project— (1) the estimated total cost of the project; (2) the funding provided for each fiscal year prior to the budget year; (3) the amount requested for the budget year; (4) the estimated funding required for the project for each of the 4 fiscal years succeeding the budget year; and (5) such additional information as is enumer-ated under the heading relating to the ‘‘Con-struction, Major Projects’’ account of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in the joint ex-planatory statement accompanying this Act. (c) Not later than 45 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a pro-posed budget justification template that com-plies with the requirements of this section. S
EC. 259. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facil-ity projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: (1) Seismic corrections to buildings, including retrofitting and replacement of high-risk build-ings, in San Francisco, California, in an amount not to exceed $180,480,000. (2) Seismic corrections to facilities, including facilities to support homeless veterans, at the medical center in West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $105,500,000. (3) Seismic corrections to the mental health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to exceed $287,100,000. (4) Construction of an outpatient clinic, ad-ministrative space, cemetery, and columbarium in Alameda, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $87,332,000. (5) Realignment of medical facilities in Liver-more, California, in an amount not to exceed $194,430,000. (6) Construction of a medical center in Louis-ville, Kentucky, in an amount not to exceed $150,000,000. (7) Construction of a replacement community living center in Perry Point, Maryland, in an amount not to exceed $92,700,000. (8) Seismic corrections and other renovations to several buildings and construction of a spe-cialty care building in American Lake, Wash-ington, in an amount not to exceed $16,260,000. (b) There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016 or the year in which funds are appro-priated for the Construction, Major Projects, ac-count, $1,113,802,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (a). (c) The projects authorized in subsection (a) may only be carried out using— (1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in subsection (b); (2) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (3) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (4) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2016 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; (5) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not specific to a project; and (6) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not specific to a project. S
EC. 260. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the amounts appropriated or other-wise made available to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ ac-count may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered vet-eran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘service-connected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a vet-eran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service- connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ means benefits relating to reproductive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for As-sisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Af-fairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limita-tions on the amount of such benefits available to such a member. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoption-related expenses for an adoption that is finalized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimburse-ment program of the Department of Defense, as authorized in Department of Defense Instruc-tion 1341.09, including the reimbursement limits and requirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the purposes specified in subsection (a) of this section are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of na-tional cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign coun-tries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $30,945,000: Provided, That $2,500,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described, and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth, under this heading in Public Law 102–229. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, oper-ation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home Na-tional Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses, $70,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for De-fense Agencies’’ account. A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mis-sissippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds avail-able in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be pro-vided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the re-location of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, making additional land available for ground burials. S
EC. 302. Amounts deposited into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are ap-propriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Mili-tary Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Army’’, $18,900,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021, for projects out-side of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $59,809,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Air Force’’ $88,291,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4078 June 22, 2016 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Defense-Wide’’, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Fed-eral entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or ac-tivity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of pri-vate property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and fund-ing, to expand their use of ‘‘E-Commerce’’ tech-nologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all reports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. S
EC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agen-cy that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or propri-etary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the execu-tive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction serv-ices, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of De-fense or the Department of Veterans Affairs to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet in-ventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is lo-cated at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective con-trol of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. DIVISION B—ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Sup-port’’, $476,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases, domestically and internationally: Provided, That products purchased with these funds may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in for-eign countries: Provided further, That the provi-sions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall apply to the use of funds appropriated in this para-graph as determined by the Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention to be appropriate: Provided further, That funds ap-propriated in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, alteration, or ren-ovation of non-federally owned facilities to im-prove preparedness and response capability at State and local laboratories: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated in this para-graph, $88,000,000 may be used to reimburse ac-counts administered by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $230,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for research on the virology, natural history, and pathogenesis of the Zika virus infection and preclinical and clinical de-velopment of vaccines and other medical coun-termeasures for the Zika virus and other vector- borne diseases, domestically and internation-ally: Provided, That such funds may be trans-ferred by the Director of the National Institutes of Health (‘‘NIH’’) to other accounts of the NIH for the purposes provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES EMERGENCY  
FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emer-gency Fund’’, $227,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, health conditions re-lated to such virus, and other vector-borne dis-eases, domestically and internationally; to de-velop necessary countermeasures and vaccines, including the development and purchase of vac-cines, therapeutics, diagnostics, necessary med-ical supplies, and administrative activities; for additional payments for distribution as provided for under the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant Pro-gram’’; and for carrying out sections 330 through 336 and 338 of the PHS Act: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to procure security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act): Provided further, That paragraphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of section 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other provisions of such sec-tion, shall apply to such security counter-measures procured with funds appropriated in this paragraph: Provided further, That products purchased with funds appropriated in this para-graph may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F– 2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be trans-ferred to the fund authorized by section 319F–4 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $95,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant’’ for health services pro-vided by public health departments, hospitals, or reimbursed through public health plans, not-withstanding section 2005(a)(4) of the Social Se-curity Act, in States, territories, or tribal lands with active or local transmission cases of the Zika virus, as confirmed by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, of which not less than $80,000,000 shall be for territories with the highest rates of Zika transmission: Provided further, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall distribute funds trans-ferred to the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant’’ in this paragraph in accordance with objective cri-teria that are made available to the public: Pro-vided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $40,000,000 shall be used to expand the delivery of primary health services authorized by section 330 of the PHS Act in Puerto Rico and other territories: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $6,000,000 shall, for purposes of pro-viding primary health services in areas affected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4079 June 22, 2016 
by Zika virus or other vector-borne diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (NHSC) members to Puerto Rico and other terri-tories, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repayment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Pro-vided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ included health services regarding pe-diatric subspecialists: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
DIRECT HIRES  S
EC. 101. Funds appropriated by this title may be used by the heads of the Department of Health and Human Services, Department of State, and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to appoint, without re-gard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5 of the United States Code, can-didates needed for positions to perform critical work relating to Zika response for which— (1) public notice has been given; and (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices has determined that such a public health threat exists. 
TRANSFER AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 102. Funds appropriated by this title may be transferred to, and merged with, other appro-priation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’, ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, and ‘‘National Institutes of Health’’ for the pur-poses specified in this title following consulta-tion with the Office of Management and Budg-et: Provided, That the Committees on Appro-priations shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not nec-essary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this title may be transferred pursuant to the authority in section 205 of division H of Public Law 114–113 or section 241(a) of the PHS Act. 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 103. Not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this title, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Committees on Appropriations every 60 days until September 30, 2017. 
OVERSIGHT  S
EC. 104. Of the funds appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Public Health and So-cial Services Emergency Fund’’, up to— (1) $500,000 shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available under the heading ‘‘Office of the Secretary, Office of In-spector General’’, and shall remain available until expended, for oversight of activities sup-ported with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with the Commit-tees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds: Provided further, That the transfer au-thority provided by this paragraph is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided by law; and (2) $500,000 shall be made available to the Comptroller General of the United States, and shall remain available until expended, for over-sight of activities supported with funds appro-priated by this title: Provided, That the Comp-troller General shall consult with the Commit-tees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF STATE ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, $14,594,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support re-sponse efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vec-tor-borne diseases: Provided, That such funds may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other department or agency of the United States under Chief of Mission authority, and may be transferred to any other appropria-tion of such department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR  
SERVICE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Con-sular Service’’, $4,000,000, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2017: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support re-sponse efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vec-tor-borne diseases, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided, That such costs, including costs of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an additional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $1,880,406: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $145,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to prevent, prepare for, and respond to the Zika virus, health conditions re-lated to such virus, and other vector-borne dis-eases: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available for vector control activities, vaccines, diagnostics, and vec-tor control technologies: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available as contributions to the World Health Organization, the United Nations Chil-dren’s Fund, the Pan American Health Organi-zation, the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy, and the Food and Agriculture Organization: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading shall be subject to prior con-sultation with the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for the Grand Challenges for Develop-ment program: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE TRANSFER AUTHORITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. (a) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, ‘‘Repatriation Loans Pro-gram Account’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this title under such headings to carry out the purposes of this title. (b) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided by law. (c) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the authori-ties provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to such appropriations. (d) No funds shall be transferred pursuant to this section unless at least 5 days prior to mak-ing such transfer the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, no-tifies the Committees on Appropriations in writ-ing of the details of any such transfer. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 202. Funds appropriated by this title shall only be available for obligation if the Sec-retary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in ad-vance of such obligation. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORTING REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 203. Not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act and prior to the initial obliga-tion of funds made available by this title, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment shall submit a consolidated report to the Committees on Appropriations on the antici-pated uses of such funds on a country and project basis, including estimated personnel and administrative costs: Provided, That such report shall be updated and submitted to the Commit-tees on Appropriations every 60 days until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
OVERSIGHT  S
EC. 204. Of the funds appropriated by this title, up to— (1) $500,000 shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds available under the heading ‘‘United States Agency for International Devel-opment, Funds Appropriated to the President, Office of Inspector General’’, and shall remain available until expended, for oversight of activi-ties supported with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the transfer authority pro-vided by this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law; and (2) $500,000 shall be made available to the Comptroller General of the United States, and shall remain available until expended, for over-sight of activities supported with funds appro-priated by this title: Provided, That the Sec-retary of State and the Comptroller General, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.006 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4080 June 22, 2016 
appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. 
RESCISSION  S
EC. 205. Of the unobligated balances avail-able under the heading ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113– 235), $10,000,000 are rescinded: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE III GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS DIVISION 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Unless otherwise provided for by this division, the additional amounts appropriated pursuant to this division are subject to the re-quirements for funds contained in the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114– 113). 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. 302. Funds made available by this divi-sion may be used to enter into contracts with in-dividuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (48 CFR 37.104)) to support the purposes of titles I and II of this di-vision, within the United States and abroad, subject to prior consultation with, and the noti-fication procedures of, the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the purpose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management: Pro-vided further, That the authority made avail-able pursuant to this section shall expire on September 30, 2017. 
DESIGNATION RETENTION  S
EC. 303. Any amount appropriated by this di-vision, designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and sub-sequently so designated by the President, and transferred pursuant to transfer authorities pro-vided by this division shall retain such designa-tion. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. 304. This division shall become effective immediately upon enactment of this Act. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Zika Re-sponse and Preparedness Appropriations Act, 2016’’. DIVISION C—ZIKA VECTOR CONTROL 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MOSQUITO CONTROL WAIVER. 
Notwithstanding section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342), during the 180 day period following the date of enactment of this Act the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (or a State, in the case of a permit program ap-proved under subsection (b)) shall not require a permit for a discharge from the application by an entity authorized under State or local law, such as a vector control district, of a pesticide in compliance with all relevant requirements of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) to control mosquitos or mosquito larvae for the prevention or control of the Zika virus. DIVISION D—RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS S
EC. 101. (a) Of the unobligated amounts made available under section 1323(c)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18043(c)(1)), $543,000,000 is rescinded im-mediately upon enactment of this Act. (b) Of the unobligated balances available in the Nonrecurring expenses fund established in section 223 of division G of Public Law 110–161 (42 U.S.C. 3514a) from any fiscal year, $100,000,000 is rescinded immediately upon en-actment of this Act. (c) Of the unobligated balances of appropria-tions made available under the heading ‘‘Bilat-eral Economic Assistance, Funds Appropriated to the President, Economic Support Fund’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Op-erations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $107,000,000 is rescinded immediately upon en-actment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. And the House agree to the same. HAROLD ROGERS , T
OMCOLE, K
AYGRANGER , C
HARLES W. D ENT, J
EFFFORTENBERRY , T
HOMAS J. R OONEY , M
ARTHA ROBY, D
AVID G. V ALADAO , Managers on the Part of the House. T
HADCOCHRAN , M
ARKKIRK, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , L
ISAMURKOWSKI , J
OHNHOEVEN , S
USAN COLLINS , J
OHNBOOZMAN , S
HELLEY MOORE CAPITO , R
OYBLUNT , L
INDSEY GRAHAM , Managers on the Part of the Senate. JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE The managers on the part of the House and Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate, and the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate, to the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, sub-mit the following joint statement to the House and Senate in explanation of the ef-fect of the action agreed upon by the man-agers and recommended in the accom-panying conference report. This conference agreement includes the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, the Zika Response and Preparedness Appropriations Act, 2016, the Zika Vector Control Act, and a division on rescissions of funds. H.R. 2577 was used as the vehicle for the Senate amendment, which included the Senate-passed versions of the Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (S. 2844) and the Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2017 (S. 2806). The Senate amendment also included appropriations re-lating to Zika Response and Preparedness. The House amendment included the House- passed text of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (H.R. 4974), the Zika Response Appropriations Act, 2016 (H.R. 5243), and the Zika Vector Control Act (H.R. 897). Section 1 of the conference agreement is the short title of the bill. Section 2 of the conference agreement dis-plays a table of contents. Section 3 of the conference agreement states that, unless expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. Section 4 provides a statement of appro-priations. Section 5 states that each amount des-ignated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement is contingent on the President so designating all such emergency amounts and transmitting such designations to Congress. The conference agreement does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined by clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. DIVISION A—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The following is an explanation of the ef-fects of Division A, which makes appropria-tions for Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies for fiscal year 2017. Unless otherwise noted, reference to the House and Senate reports are to House Re-port 114–497 and Senate Report 114–237. The language set forth in House Report 114–497 and Senate Report 114–237 should be com-plied with and carry the same emphasis as the language included in the joint explana-tory statement, unless specifically addressed to the contrary in this joint explanatory statement. While repeating some report lan-guage for emphasis, this joint explanatory statement does not intend to negate the lan-guage referred to above unless expressly pro-vided herein. In cases in which the House or the Senate has directed the submission of a report, such report is to be submitted to both Houses of Congress. House or Senate report-ing requirements with deadlines prior to, or within 15 days after enactment of this Act shall be submitted not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act. All other report-ing deadlines not specifically directed by this joint explanatory statement are to be met. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Bid Savings.—The conferees note that, given information for cost variation notices required by 10 U.S.C. 2853, the Department of Defense continues to have bid savings on pre-viously appropriated military construction projects. Therefore, the agreement includes rescissions to the Army, Air Force, and De-fense-Wide construction accounts. The Sec-retary of Defense is directed to continue to submit 1002 reports on military construction bid savings at the end of each fiscal quarter to the Committees. Missile Defense.— The conferees remain committed to rapidly implementing the Eu-ropean Phased Adaptive Approach (EPAA). Construction of the first Aegis Ashore mis-sile defense site in Deveselu, Romania, is complete and the site is operational. The Committees fully funded construction of the second site at Redzikowo, Poland, in fiscal year 2016, and expect the Missile Defense Agency to pursue an aggressive construction schedule to bring this critical asset online. Additionally, the conference agreement fully funds the request for the first phase of the Long Range Discrimination Radar at Clear, Alaska. This radar will dramatically im-prove our ability to effectively target bal-listic missile threats to the homeland com-ing from the Pacific. As the missile threat continues to evolve, the conferees remain strongly supportive of the expeditionary de-ployment of a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense battery on Guam. The conferees en-courage the Department of Defense to con-sider making this deployment permanent and request the appropriate military con-struction projects in support of this critical mission be requested in future budget sub-missions. Overseas Contingency Operations.—The con- ference agreement includes House Title IV, Overseas Contingency Operations. The Sen-ate bill included funding for similar projects in Title I. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUNE2016\H22JN6.REC H22JN6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4081 June 22, 2016 
Emerging Security Threats in Europe. —The conferees are aware that heightened tensions between Russia and Europe following Rus-sia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2014 have in-creased security threats to European na-tions, particularly in Eastern Europe. In re-sponse to Russian aggression, the Adminis-tration in 2014 announced the European Re-assurance Initiative (ERI) to enhance allied security by increasing the presence and joint training activities of U.S. military forces in Europe. The ERI includes a number of mili-tary construction projects funded in both fis-cal year 2015 and in this Act. The conferees note that although ERI military construc-tion funding was originally intended to be a one-time only investment, the evolving na-ture of the threat has prompted the Depart-ment of Defense (DOD) to expand its plans for investing in military construction to sup-port the continual presence of U.S. rota-tional military forces in Europe, increased training activities with European allies, and the prepositioning of Army combat-ready equipment in Poland to support an armored brigade combat team. The conferees recognize the importance of providing reassurance and security to the Nation’s European allies, but are concerned that DOD has not outlined a comprehensive plan for military construction requirements to support the ERI. Instead, the Committees have received ad hoc notifications of pro-posed planning and design expenditures for projects in support of the ERI, including a $200,000,000 facility for prepositioning Army combat brigade equipment in Poland, and nine ERI-related Air Force projects, pri-marily at U.S. Air Force bases in Germany, estimated to cost a total of $260,000,000. Given the magnitude of the planned ERI military construction investment thus far, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress (the Com-mittees), with submission of the fiscal year 2018 budget request, a comprehensive plan for military construction requirements asso-ciated with the European Reassurance Ini-tiative through the fiscal year 2018 Future Years Defense Program. The conferees further direct the Comp-troller General of the United States to pro-vide to the Committees, not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, a report evaluating the extent to which the Department of Defense has developed a com-prehensive force structure plan, including military construction requirements, to meet emerging security threats in Europe. The re-port shall include an assessment of the ex-tent to which the Department has: (1) identified the near-term and long-term United States military force requirements in Europe in support of the European Reassur-ance Initiative; (2) evaluated the posture, force structure, and military construction options for meet-ing projected force requirements; (3) evaluated the long-term costs associ-ated with the posture, force structure, and military construction requirements; and (4) developed a Future Years Defense Pro-gram for force structure costs associated with the European Reassurance Initiative. The report shall also include any other matters related to security threats in Eu-rope that the Comptroller General deter-mines are appropriate, and recommendations as warranted for improvements to the De-partment’s planning and analysis method-ology. The reports shall be provided in the appropriate classified and unclassified for-mats. Al Udeid Air Base Mold Contamination. —The conferees are concerned about reports that airmen serving at Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar were living in dangerously contaminated barracks. On social media and later in the press, reports detailed collapsing ceilings, contaminated water, and toxic black mold found throughout the facility. The Commit-tees have raised concerns in the past about low levels of funding for facility sustainment, restoration and modernization, and if the black mold issues at Al Udeid were a result of a lack of funding for maintenance, that is unacceptable. Also, the conferees are aware that the Department of Defense In-spector General released a report in Sep-tember 2014 (DODIG–2014–121) that identified 1,057 deficiencies and code violations ‘‘that could affect the health, safety, and well- being of warfighters and their families’’ sta-tioned in Japan. Included among the defi-ciencies were elevated levels of radon and ex-cessive mold growth. In light of the Inspec-tor General report and the reports from Al Udeid, the conferees direct the Department to submit a report to the congressional de-fense committees not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act detailing global military housing and expeditionary facilities locations with mold contamination, mitiga-tion strategies implemented or expected to be in place, and any new construction stand-ards designed to prevent mold contamina-tion. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY  The conference agreement provides $513,459,000 for Military Construction, Army. Within this amount, the conference agree-ment provides $98,159,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support. Aging Army hangars for Combat Aviation Units.—The conferees recognize that the Army’s aging hangars housing combat avia-tion units are structurally deficient and do not meet the operational requirements of the Army’s Combat Aviation Brigades. A critical need exists for the Army to modernize infra-structure associated with operational needs, inclement weather, personnel changes, and unforeseen circumstances. The conferees di-rect the Secretary of the Army to submit a report to the congressional defense commit-tees not later than 90 days after the enact-ment of this Act detailing the age and condi-tion of the Army’s Combat Aviation Brigade aircraft maintenance hangars, a prioritization of the most deficient infra-structure assets, and a plan to modernize or replace those hangars, including the required resources. Air traffic control facilities.—The conferees are concerned that many of the Army’s air traffic control facilities are unsafe, anti-quated, and do not provide adequate control, communications or observation abilities for the current air traffic levels at certain loca-tions. For example, the current facility lo-cated at Fort Benning, Georgia, will become wholly inadequate at the current pace of op-erations and a replacement facility is nec-essary to ensure air traffic services are avail-able to support mission readiness and de-ployment platforms and the military flying community. The conferees are concerned that this could be a problem throughout the Army enterprise with the recent reductions to the Department of Defense’s construction accounts. Therefore, the Secretary of the Army is directed to conduct a risk assess-ment on Army air traffic control facilities throughout the Army enterprise and develop a plan to update these facilities. This assess-ment shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act. Defense Laboratory Enterprise Facilities and Infrastructure.—The conferees note that DOD investment in Defense laboratories has been lacking, resulting in negative impacts on the ability of the military to develop new acqui-sition programs or perform cutting-edge re-search. At the same time, the Nation’s near- peer competitors are making significant new investments in their research and develop-ment capabilities as part of the effort to close the technology gap with the U.S. mili-tary. Of additional concern, aging lab infra-structure also creates a disincentive to at-tracting new employees as DOD tries to re-build its technical workforce. One of the tools that Congress has provided to incentivize DOD lab investment is the es-tablishment of a higher threshold for unspec-ified minor military construction (UMMC) for laboratories to enable the services to keep up with a threat that evolves faster than the normal planning process. However, the conferees are concerned that the services are not programming sufficient UMMC to take full advantage of the laboratory revi-talization initiative. For example, in fiscal year 2016, the Army, which operates an ex-tensive network of DOD labs, did not allo-cate any unspecified minor military con-struction funding for necessary laboratory revitalization projects, and the request for UMMC in the Army has remained flat at $25,000,000. Therefore, the conference agree-ment provides an additional $10,000,000 to supplement unspecified minor military con-struction, and the Army is encouraged to pursue opportunities to use the additional funding for lab revitalization. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  
CORPS  The conference agreement provides $1,021,580,000 for Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $88,230,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. Military Construction funding for the Navy and Marine Corps.—Conferees are concerned about the need for the construction of an F– 35C aircraft maintenance hangar, a commu-nications complex and infrastructure up-grades, and an F–35C aircraft parking apron for the Marine Corps’ four F–35C squadrons on the West Coast. This construction sup-ports Carrier Air Wing operations with the USS Carl Vinson as the first F 35C compat-ible ship on the West Coast in support of the Pacific Command Area of Responsibility. The Marine Corps has identified these projects as its top priorities, critical to the F–35C squadrons and the conferees support these priorities. Townsend Bombing Range.—Concerns still remain regarding the Townsend Bombing Range and its effect on the local timber in-dustry. While the Navy and local stake-holders have started a dialogue, an agree-ment has not yet been reached. The con-ferees look forward to an agreement that meets the Navy’s training needs and protects local timber stakeholders. Navy Unfunded Reprogramming Require-ments.—The Committees were recently in-formed that the Navy has been under-estimating the cost of major construction projects over the past several years due to unrealistic cost assumptions and a flawed construction cost formula. The Navy ac-knowledges that it has been aware of this problem for some time but had taken no ac-tion to remedy the deficiencies in its con-struction cost estimating process or to no-tify the Committees in a timely manner of the situation or its potential impact on the execution of projects. As a result, the Navy is faced with a large inventory of under-funded projects, and insufficient unobligated balances from bid savings or cancelled projects to cover the shortfall. Thus, a num-ber of authorized projects for which funds have been appropriated over the past several years are at risk due to insufficient funds to award a contract. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.008 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4082 June 22, 2016 
The conferees provide an additional $89,400,000 in this Act, to address the Navy’s highest priority urgent unfunded reprogram-ming requirements as well as unanticipated emergency construction requirements. How-ever, the conferees are concerned that this is just the tip of the iceberg, and that addi-tional underfunded projects for which no ready source of reprogramming funds is available will emerge. Therefore, the con-ferees direct the Secretary of the Navy to re-assess the sufficiency of the appropriation request for all previously appropriated projects for which contracts have not been awarded, and to provide to the congressional defense committees, within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act, (1) a detailed analysis of the process and decisions that led to the un-derestimating of construction costs, (2) the revised cost estimate, if applicable, for any project that is estimated to be underfunded due to unrealistic cost assumptions and/or a flawed construction cost formula, (3) a plan of how the Navy intends to address the shortfall within its own resources, including the identification of any previously appro-priated projects that might have to be can-celled, and (4) a description of the steps it is taking to remedy the cost estimating proc-ess for future construction projects. The conferees further direct the Secretary of Defense to review the construction cost formulas used to develop military construc-tion appropriation requests by the Naval Fa-cilities Engineering Command and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to assess the reli-ability of the formulas, and to report to the congressional defense committees within 90 days of enactment of this Act on its findings and any recommendations to improve the fi-delity of the construction cost formulas. All the services, including the Navy, have informed the Committees for the past sev-eral years that construction costs have been rising with the improving economy and the rebound of the construction market, and that bid savings have been subsequently de-creasing. The conferees believe there is no excuse for the Navy’s inability to or failure to address this problem, and fully expect a sound and justifiable cost estimate for any military construction projects submitted in the fiscal year 2018 and future budget re-quests. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIR FORCE  The conference agreement provides $1,491,058,000 for Military Construction, Air Force. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $143,582,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services. Additionally, the conference agree-ment rescinds $23,900,000 for three fiscal year 2014 projects in Saipan, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), to support Air Force training exercises and pro-vide an emergency divert location. The con-ferees are concerned that the Air Force has been unable to reach a land use agreement with the Government of the CNMI despite extensive negotiations, and no resolution to the issue is imminent. Therefore, the funding is rescinded without prejudice, and the Air Force is urged to resubmit the projects once agreement on the location is finalized and the projects can be executed. Air Force Facility Security Requirements .— The conferees are concerned with the De-partment’s funding recommendation for the Air Force’s unspecified minor military con-struction account. An additional $10,000,000 is provided to assist installations in the con-tinental U.S. with significant facility entry and exit point concerns. Priority should be given to installations with access control points that present safety, security and traf-fic hazards. Air Force Ballistic Missile Facilities .—The conferees are aware that ground-based inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM) facili-ties at the Nation’s three ICBM bases in Montana, North Dakota, and Wyoming are aging and in urgent need of replacement. At a time of increased global tensions among nuclear-capable nations, it is imperative to replace crumbling and outdated ICBM infra-structure at U.S. installations with state-of- the-art nuclear deterrence facilities. Key to this effort is the replacement of the Cuban missile crisis-era Weapons Storage Facilities and Missile Alert Facilities at each of the ICBM bases. The conferees understand that the Air Force has developed a funding road-map to replace the Weapons Storage Facili-ties (WSFs) at each ICBM base but are con-cerned that the current timeline for imple-mentation of the roadmap is not sufficiently aggressive in light of the urgency of upgrad-ing these facilities to meet current threat conditions. Given the failing condition of the current WSFs and the importance of the ground-based ICBM capability to the Na-tion’s nuclear deterrence, the conferees urge the Air Force to prioritize and accelerate the replacement of the WSFs as well as the Nu-clear Alert Facilities at ICBM bases. The conferees reiterate the directive in Senate Report 114–237 for the Secretary of the Air Force to undertake an analysis of the cost of maintaining the existing Missile Alert Fa-cilities at the Nation’s ICBM bases and to provide a report to the Committees within 90 days of enactment of this Act on the findings of the analysis and a projected cost and timeline for replacing the Weapons Alert Fa-cilities at each of these bases. The conferees also direct the Secretary of Defense to assess the feasibility of using Defense Access Road funding and other sources of funding to build alternate routes for military equipment traveling on public roads to missile launch facilities, taking into consideration the proximity of local populations, security risks, safety, and weather, and to provide a report to the Committees within one year of enactment of this Act. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The conference agreement provides $2,025,444,000 for Military Construction, De-fense-Wide. Within this amount, the con-ference agreement provides $180,775,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. Within this amount, an addi-tional $15,000,000 is provided for Missile De-fense Agency planning and design. The addi-tional funding is to expedite the construc-tion and deployment of urgently needed mis-sile defense assets in various locations with-in the continental United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Pentagon Metro entrance facility.—The con- ference agreement includes funding for the Pentagon Metro entrance facility project as requested in the budget submission. The con-ferees remain concerned that this facility needs to be constructed in a manner that will further enhance the physical access and perimeter defense of the building in accord-ance with the Integrated Pentagon Security Master Plan and the Pentagon Century Re-view. Given that the design is only at 10 per-cent at this point, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to report to the con-gressional defense committees quarterly on the progress of the planning and design and any major construction changes to the cur-rent project’s 1391. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY NATIONAL  
GUARD  The conference agreement provides $232,930,000 for Military Construction, Army National Guard. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $8,729,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIR NATIONAL GUARD  The conference agreement provides $143,957,000 for Military Construction, Air National Guard. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $10,462,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY RESERVE  The conference agreement provides $68,230,000 for Military Construction, Army Reserve. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $7,500,000 for study, plan-ning, design, architect and engineer services. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY RESERVE  The conference agreement provides $38,597,000 for Military Construction, Navy Reserve. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $3,783,000 for study, plan-ning, design, architect and engineer services. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIR FORCE RESERVE  The conference agreement provides $188,950,000 for Military Construction, Air Force Reserve. Within this amount, the con-ference agreement provides $4,500,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. 
NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  
SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  The conference agreement provides $177,932,000 for the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization Security Investment Program. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLOSURE  
ACCOUNT  The conference agreement provides $240,237,000 for the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, which is $35,000,000 above the request. The additional funding is for the Army and the Navy to accelerate en-vironmental remediation at installations closed under previous Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) rounds. Accelerated cleanup.—The conferees recog-nize that many factors hinder the cleanup of BRAC sites. However, the conferees believe that strategic investments can lead to quicker clean-ups and faster turnover of DOD property to the local community. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional de-fense committees a spend plan for the addi-tional BRAC funds not later than 15 days after enactment of this Act. Family Housing Overview Homeowners Assistance Program—Delayed Expression or Delayed Identification of Injured Beneficiaries.—As the Executive Agent for the Homeowners Assistance Program (HAP) across the Department of Defense, the Army mistakenly administered approximately 76 applicants whose injuries were incurred dur-ing a military deployment, while they owned a home, and experienced delayed expression or delayed identification of the injury. The applicants were paid in good faith and in ac-cordance with guidance from Congress and the Department of Defense to err in favor of wounded, ill, and injured HAP applicants. If these beneficiaries had suffered from an ob-vious physical injury—which the HAP stat-ute envisioned—their injury would have been clearly documented at the time they owned their home, and they would have qualified for HAP benefits. Therefore, no funds from this Act shall be used to collect overpay-ments for any wounded, ill, or injured HAP beneficiary with delayed expression or de-layed identification, or send notice letters, while the Department further develops per-manent legislative solutions with Congress. 
FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY  The conference agreement provides $157,172,000 for Family Housing Construction, Army. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.010 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4083 June 22, 2016 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , ARMY  The conference agreement provides $325,995,000 for Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Army. 
FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  
MARINE CORPS  The conference agreement provides $94,011,000 for Family Housing Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  The conference agreement provides $300,915,000 for Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Navy and Marine Corps. 
FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIR FORCE  The conference agreement provides $61,352,000 for Family Housing Construction, Air Force. 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , AIR FORCE  The conference agreement provides $274,429,000 for Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Air Force. 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE The conference agreement provides $59,157,000 for Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  
IMPROVEMENT FUND  The conference agreement provides $3,258,000 for the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSIONS OF  
FUNDS)  The conference agreement includes section 101 limiting the use of funds under a cost- plus-a-fixed-fee contract. The conference agreement includes section 102 allowing the use of construction funds in this title for hire of passenger motor vehi-cles. The conference agreement includes section 103 allowing the use of construction funds in this title for advances to the Federal High-way Administration for the construction of access roads. The conference agreement includes section 104 prohibiting construction of new bases in the United States without a specific appro-priation. The conference agreement includes section 105 limiting the use of funds for the purchase of land or land easements that exceed 100 percent of the value. The conference agreement includes section 106 prohibiting the use of funds, except funds appropriated in this title for that purpose, for family housing. The conference agreement includes section 107 limiting the use of minor construction funds to transfer or relocate activities. The conference agreement includes section 108 prohibiting the procurement of steel un-less American producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been allowed to com-pete. The conference agreement includes section 109 prohibiting the use of construction or family housing funds to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. The conference agreement includes section 110 prohibiting the use of funds to initiate a new installation overseas without prior noti-fication. The conference agreement includes section 111 establishing a preference for American architectural and engineering services for overseas projects. The conference agreement includes section 112 establishing a preference for American contractors in United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll and in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf. The conference agreement includes section 113 requiring congressional notification of military exercises when construction costs exceed $100,000. The conference agreement includes section 114 allowing funds appropriated in prior years for new projects authorized during the current session of Congress. The conference agreement includes section 115 allowing the use of expired or lapsed funds to pay the cost of supervision for any project being completed with lapsed funds. The conference agreement includes section 116 allowing military construction funds to be available for five years. The conference agreement includes section 117 allowing the transfer of funds from Fam-ily Housing Construction accounts to the Family Housing Improvement Program. The conference agreement includes section 118 allowing transfers to the Homeowners Assistance Fund. The conference agreement includes section 119 limiting the source of operation and maintenance funds for flag and general offi-cer quarters and allowing for notification by electronic medium. The conference agreement includes section 120 extending the availability of funds in the Ford Island Improvement Account. The conference agreement includes section 121 allowing the transfer of expired funds to the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Con-struction, Defense account. The conference agreement includes section 122 restricting the obligation of funds for re-locating an Army unit that performs a test-ing mission. The conference agreement includes section 123 allowing for the reprogramming of con-struction funds among projects and activi-ties subject to certain criteria. The conference agreement includes section 124 prohibiting the obligation or expenditure of funds provided to the Department of De-fense for military construction for projects at Arlington National Cemetery. The conference agreement includes section 125 providing additional funds for various Military Construction accounts. The conference agreement includes section 126 providing additional funds for Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. The conference agreement includes section 127 rescinding funds from prior Appropria-tions Acts from various accounts. The conference agreement includes section 128 rescinding unobligated balances from the fund established by Sec. 1013(d) of 42 U.S.C. 3374. The conference agreement includes section 129 defining the congressional defense com-mittees. The conference agreement includes section 130 prohibiting the use of funds in this Act to close or realign Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The provision is intended to pre-vent the closure or realignment of the instal-lation out of the possession of the United States, and maintain the Naval Station’s long-standing regional security and migrant operations missions. The conference agreement includes section 131 restricting funds in this Act to be used to consolidate or relocate any element of Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer until certain conditions are met. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.012 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4084 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 160 here EH22JN16.001emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
ALASKA 
ARMY 
FORT WAINWRIGHT 
UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE HANGAR ................... . 
AIR FORCE 
CLEAR AFS 
FIRE STATION... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... , . , ... 
EIELSON AFB 
F-35A AOAL FIELD TRAINING DETACHMENT FAC ....... . 
F-35A AIRCRAFT WEATHER SHELTER {SQO 2) ........... . 
F-35A AIRCRAFT WEATHER SHELTERS (SQD 1) ........ . 
F-35A EARTH COVERED MAGAZINES .................... . 
F·35A HANGAR/PROPULSION MXfDISPATCH .............. . 
F-35A HANGAR/SQUAD OPS/AMU SQ #2 ................. . 
F-35A MISSILE MAINTENANCE FACILITY .............. . 
JOINT BASE ELMENDORF-RICHARDSON 
ADD/ALTER AWACS ALERT HANGAR .................. . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
CLEAR AFS 
LONG RANGE OISCRIM RADAR SYS COMPLEX PH1 ........ . 
FORT GREELY 
MISSILE DEFENSE COMPLEX SWITCHGEAR FACILITY ...... . 
JOINT BASE ELMENDORF-RICHARDSON 
CONSTRUCT TRUCK OFFLOAD FACILITY ................. . 
NAVY 
YUMA ARIZONA 
VMX-22 MAINTENANCE HANGAR ........................ . 
AIR FORCE 
LUKE AFS 
F-35A SQUAD OPS/AIRCRAFT MAINT UNIT #5, .......... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
FORT HUACHUCA 
JITC BUILDING 52110 RENOVATION ................... . 
CALIFORNIA 
ARMY 
CONCORD 
ACCESS CONTROL POINT.. . . . . . . . . ........ , ......... . 
NAVY 
CORONADO 
COASTAL CAMPUS ENTRY CONTROL POINT .............. . 
COASTAL CAMPUS UTILITIES INFRASTRUCTURE ...... , .. . 
GRACE HOPPER DATA CENTER POWER UPGRADES., ........ . 
LEMOORE 
F-35C ENGINE REPAIR FACILITY ............. , ....... . 
SAN DIEGO 
ENERGY SECURITY HOSPITAL HICROGRID .............. . 
SEAL BEACH 
MISSILE MAGAZINES ............................ . 
AIR FORCE 
EDWARDS AIR FORCE SASE 
FLIGHTLINE FIRE STATION ......................... . 
DEFENSE·W!DE 
CORONADO 
SOF HUMAN PERFORMANCE TRAINING CENTER ........... . 
SOF SEAL TEAM OPS FACILITY ....................... . 
SOF SEAL TEAM OPS FACILITY ............ , ........ . 
SOF SPECIAL RECON TEAM ONE OPERATIONS FAC ........ . 
SOF TRAINING DETACHMENT ONE OPS FACILITY ......... . 
TRAVIS AFS 
REPLACE HYDRANT FUEL SYSTEM ...................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
47,000 
20,000 
22,100 
82,300 
79,500 
11,300 
44,900 42,700 
12,800 
29,000 
155,000 
9,560 
4,900 
48,355 
20,000 
4,493 
12,600 13,044 
81 '104 
10,353 
26,723 
6,183 
21,007 
24,000 
15,578 
47,290 
47,290 
20.949 
44,305 
26,500 HOUSE 
47,000 
20,000 22,100 
79,500 
11,300 
44,900 42,700 
12,800 
29,000 
155,000 
9,560 
4,900 
48,355 
20,000 
4,493 
12,600 
13,044 
81 '104 
10,353 
26,723 
21,007 
24,000 
15,578 
47,290 
47,290 
20,949 
44,305 
26,500 SENATE 
47,000 
20,000 
22, 100 
82,300 
79,500 
11,300 
44,900 42,700 
12,800 
29,000 
155,000 
9,560 
4,900 
48,355 
20,000 
4,493 
12,600 
13,044 
81' 104 
10,353 
26,723 
6,183 
21,007 24,000 
15,578 
47,290 
47,290 
20,949 
44,305 
26,500 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
47,000 20,000 
22,100 
82,300 
79,500 
11,300 
44,900 
42,700 12,800 29,000 155,000 
9,560 
4,900 
48,355 
20,000 
4,493 12,600 13,044 81,104 10,353 26.723 21,007 24,000 15,578 47,290 
47,290 
20,949 44,305 26.500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4085 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 161 here EH22JN16.002emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
ARMY RESERVE 
FORT HUNTER LIGGETT 
EMERGENCY SERVICES CENTER ........................ . 
CAMP PARKS 
TRANSIENT TRAINING BARRACKS ...................... . 
COLORADO 
ARMY 
FORT CARSON 
AUTOMATED INFANTRY PLATOON BATTLE COURSE ......... . 
UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE HANGAR ................... . 
AIR FORCE 
BUCKLEY AIR FORCE BASE 
SHALL ARMS RANGE COMPLEX ......................... . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
BRADLEY lAP CONNECTICUT 
CONSTRUCT SMALL AIR TERMINAL ..................... . 
AIR FORCE 
DOVER AFB DELAWARE 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR ...................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
DOVER AFB 
WELCH ES/OOVER MS REPLACEMENT .................... . 
FLORIDA 
NAVY 
EGLIN AFB 
WMD FIELD TRAINING FACILITIES .................... . 
AIR FORCE 
EGLIN AFB 
ADVANCED MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY COMPLEX ............ . 
FLIGHTLINE FIRE STATION., ........................ . 
PATRICK AF6 
FIRE/CRASH RESCUE STATION ....................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
PATRICK AFB 
REPLACE FUEL TANKS............... . . . . . . ........ . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
JACKSONVILLE IAP 
REPLACE FIRE CRASH/RESCUE STATION ................ . 
GEORGIA 
ARMY 
FORT GORDON 
CYBER PROTECTION TEAM OPS FACILITY ............... . 
FORT STEWART 
AUTOMATED QUAliFICATION/TRAINING RANGE ........... . 
AIR FORCE 
MOODY AFS 
PERSONNEL RECOVERY 4·BAY HANGAR/HELD MX UNIT ..... . 
DEFENSE·WIDE 
FORT BENNING 
SOF TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE HANGAR ...... . 
FORT GORDON 
MEDICAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT .................. . 
HAWAII 
ARMY 
FORT SHAFTER 
COMMAND AND CONTROL FACILITY, INCR 2 ............. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
21,500 
19.000 
8,100 
5,000 
13.500 
6,300 
39,000 
44,115 
20,489 
75,000 
13,600 
13,500 10,100 
9,000 
90,000 
14,800 
30,900 
4,820 
25,000 
40,000 HOUSE 
21,500 
19,000 
8,100 
5,000 
13,500 
6,300 
39,000 
44,115 
20,489 
75,000 
13,600 
13,500 10,100 
9,000 
90,000 
14,800 
30,900 
4,820 
25,000 
40,000 SENATE 
21,500 
19,000 
8,100 
5,000 
13,500 
6,300 
39,000 
44,115 
20,489 
75,000 
13,600 13,500 
10, 100 
9,000 
90,000 
14,800 
30,900 
4,820 
25,000 
40,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
21,500 
19.000 
8,100 
5,000 
13,500 
6,300 
39,000 
44,115 
20,489 
75,000 
13,600 13,500 10,100 
9,000 
90,000 
14,800 
30,900 
4.820 
25,000 
40,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4086 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 162 here EH22JN16.003emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
NAVY 
BARKING SANDS 
UPGRADE POWER PLANT & ELECTRICAL DISTRIB SYS ..... . 
KANEOHE SAY 
REGIMENTAL CONSOLIDATED COMM/ELEC FACILITY ....... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
HILO 
COMBINED SUPPORT MAINTENANCE SHOP ............... . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
JOINT SASE PEARL HARBOR·HICKAM 
F-22 COMPOSITE REPAIR FACILITY ................... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
DAVENPORT IOWA 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER ................ . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
SIOUX GATEWAY AIRPORT 
CONSTRUCT CONSOLIDATED SUPPORT FUNCTIONS ......... . 
KANSAS 
AIR FORCE 
MCCONNELL AFS 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER ........................ . 
KC·46A ADAL TAXIWAY DELTA ........................ . 
KC·46A ALTER FLIGHT SIMULATOR SLOGS .............. . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
FORT LEAVENWORTH 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER .................. . 
AIR FORCE 
BARKSDALE AFB LOUISIANA 
CONSOLIDATED COMMUNICATION FACILITY .............. . 
NAVY RESERVE 
NEW ORLEANS 
JOINT RESERVE INTELLIGENCE CENTER ............... . 
NAVY 
KITTERY MAINE 
UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING ............................ . 
UTILITY IMPROVEMENTS FOR NUCLEAR PLATFORMS ....... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
KITTERY 
MEDICAL/DENTAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT. 
MARYLAND 
NAVY 
PATUXENT RIVER 
CBARS RDT&E HANGAR ....................... ,. 
AIR FORCE 
JOINT BASE ANDREWS 
21 POINTS ENCLOSED FIRING RANGE ................. . 
PAR RELOCATE JADOC SATELLITE SITE ................ . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL 
HEDCEN ADDITION/ALTERATION !NCR 1 ................ . 
FORT MEADE 
ACCESS CONTROL FACILITY ......................... . 
NSAW CAMPUS FEEDERS PHASE 3 ...................... , 
NSAW RECAPITALIZE BUILDING #2 !NCR 2.... . . . . . . . .. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
72,565 
31,000 
11.000 
23,000 
12,600 
11,200 
5,600 
3,000 
29,000 
21,000 
11,207 
17,773 
30. 119 
27' 100 
40,576 
13,000 
3,500 
50,000 
21,000 
17,000 
195,000 HOUSE 
43,384 
72,565 
31,000 
11,000 
23,000 
12,600 
11,200 
5,600 
3,000 
29,000 
21,000 
11,207 
17.773 
30,119 
27,100 
40,576 
13,000 
3,500 
50,000 
21,000 
17,000 
195,000 SENATE 
43,384 
72,565 
31,000 
11,000 
23,000 
12,600 
11,200 
5,600 
3,000 
29,000 
21,000 
11,207 
17,773 
30,119 
27' 100 40,576 13,000 
3,500 
50,000 
21,000 
17,000 
195,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
43,384 
72,565 
31,000 
11 '000 
23,000 
12,600 11,200 
5,600 
3,000 
29.000 21,000 11.207 
17.773 
30,119 27,100 40,576 13,000 
3,500 
50,000 
21,000 
17' 000 195,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4087 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 163 here EH22JN16.004emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
AIR FORCE 
HANSCOM AFB MASSACHUSETTS 
SYSTEM MANAGEMENT ENGINEERING FACILITY ..... 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
DULUTH lAP MINNESOTA 
LOAD CREW TRAINING/WEAPON SHOPS .................. . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
ST LOUIS MISSOURI 
LAND ACQUISITION-NEXT NGA WEST (N2W) CAMPUS ...... . 
AIR FORCE 
MALMSTROM AFB MONTANA 
MISSILE MAINTENANCE FACILITY .................... . 
NAVY 
FALLON NEVADA 
AIR WING SIMULATOR FACILITY ...................... . 
AIR FORCE 
NELLIS AFS 
F-35A POL FILL STANO ADDITION .................... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
HOOKSETT NEW HAMPSHIRE 
NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP .......... . 
ROCHESTER 
NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP .......... . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
PEASE INTERNATIONAL TRADE PORT 
KC-46A INSTALL FUSELAGE TRAINER BLDG 251 ......... . 
AIR FORCE 
CANNON AFB NEW MEXICO 
NORTH FITNESS CENTER ............................. . 
HOLLOMAN AFB 
HAZARDOUS CARGO PAD AND TAXIWAY ................. . 
KIRTLAND AFB 
COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER (CRH) SIMULATOR ......... . 
NAVY RESERVE 
BROOKLYN NEW YORK 
ELECTRIC FEEDER DUCTBANK ......................... . 
SYRACUSE 
MARINE CORPS RESERVE CENTER ................ . 
NORTH CAROLINA 
NAVY 
CAMP LEJEUNE 
RANGE FACILITIES SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS ............. . 
CHERRY POINT MARINE CORPS AIR STATION 
CENTRAL HEATING PLANT CONVERSION ................. . 
DEFENSE -WIDE 
CAMP LEJEUNE 
DENTAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT ........................ . 
FORT BRAGG 
SOF COMBAT MEDIC TRAINING FACILITY ........ , . . . . .. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
20,000 
7,600 
801 
14,600 
13,523 
10,600 
11 '000 
8,900 
1,500 
21,000 
10,600 
7,300 
1,964 
13.229 
18,482 
12,515 
31,000 
10,905 HOUSE 
20,000 
7,600 
801 
14,600 
13,523 
10,600 
11,000 
8,900 
1,500 
21,000 
10,600 
7,300 
1,964 
13,229 
18,482 
12,515 
31,000 
10,905 SENATE 
20,000 
7,600 
801 
14,600 
13,523 
10,600 
11,000 
8,900 
1,500 
21 '000 
10,600 
7,300 
1 '964 
13,229 
18,482 
12,515 
31,000 
10,905 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
20,000 
7,600 
801 
14,600 
13,523 
10,600 
11 '000 
8,900 
1 '500 
21,000 
10,600 
7,300 
1 '964 
13.229 
18,482 
12.515 
31,000 
10,905 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4088 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 164 here EH22JN16.005emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
SOF PARACHUTE RIGGING FACILITY ............ , ...... . 
SOF SPECIAL TACTICS FACILITY (PH3) .............. . 
SOF TACTICAL EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE FACILITY ...... . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CHARLOTTE/DOUGLAS lAP 
C·17 CORROSION CONTROL/FUEL CELL HANGAR .......... . 
C-17 TYPE III HYDRANT REFUELING SYSTEM ........... . 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 
SEYMOUR JOHNSON AFB 
KC-46A ADAL BLDG FOR AGE/FUSELAGE TRAINING ....... . 
KC-46A ADAL SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITIES ...... . 
KC-46A TWO BAY CORROSION/FUEL CELL HANGAR ........ . 
AIR FORCE 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO 
RELOCATED ENTRY CONTROL FACILITY 26A ............. . 
AIR FORCE 
ALTUS AFB OKLAHOMA 
KC-46A FTU/FTC SIMULATOR FACILITY PH 2 ........... . 
TINKER AFB 
KC·46A DEPOT SYSTEM INTEGRATION LABORATORY ....... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
ARDMORE 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER .................. . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
YORK PENNSYLVANIA 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER .................. . 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 
PITTSBURGH lAP 
C-17 ADAL FUEL HYDRANT SYSTEM .................... . 
C·17 CONST/OVERLAYTAXIWAY AND APRON, ............. . C-17 
CONSTRUCT TWO BAY CORROSION/FUEL HANGAR ..... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
EAST GREENWICH RHODE ISLAND 
NATIONAL GUARD/RESERVE CENTER BUILDING (JFHQ) ..... 
SOUTH CAROLINA 
NAVY 
BEAUFORT 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR ..................... . 
PARRIS ISLAND 
RECRUIT RECONDITIONING CENTER & BARRACKS ......... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
JOINT BASE CHARLESTON 
CONSTRUCT HYDRANT FUEL SYSTEM ................. , .. . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
MCENTIRE ANGS 
REPLACE OPERATIONS AND TRAINING FACILITY ......... . 
TEXAS 
ARMY 
FORT HOOD 
AUTOMATED INFANTRY PLATOON BATTLE COURSE .. 
AIR FORCE 
JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO 
BMT RECRUIT DORMITORY 6. . . . . . . . . .......... , ..... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
21,420 30,670 
23,598 
29,600 21,000 5,700 2,250 90,000 12.600 11,600 17,000 22,000 9,300 22,800 8,200 54,000 20,000 83,490 
29.882 
17,000 8,400 7,600 67,300 HOUSE 
21,420 30,670 
23,598 
29,600 21,000 5,700 2,250 90,000 12,600 
11 '600 17,000 22,000 9,300 22,800 8,200 54,000 20,000 83,490 
29,882 
17,000 8,400 7,600 67,300 SENATE 
21,420 30,670 
23,598 
29,600 21,000 5,700 2,250 90,000 12,600 11,600 17,000 22,000 9,300 22,800 8,200 54,000 20,000 83,490 
29,882 
17,000 8,400 7,600 67,300 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
21,420 30,670 
23,598 
29,600 21,000 5,700 2,250 90,000 12,600 11.600 11,000 22,000 9,300 22,800 8,200 54,000 20,000 83,490 
29,882 
17,000 8,400 7,600 67,300 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4089 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 165 here EH22JN16.006emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
RED RIVER ARMY DEPOT 
CONSTRUCT WAREHOUSE & OPEN STORAGE ................ 
SHEPPARD AFB 
MEDICAL/DENTAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT ................. 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
ELLINGTON FIELD 
CONSOLIDATE CREW READINESS FACILITY ............... 
NAVY RESERVE 
GALVESTON 
RESERVE CENTER ANNEX .............................. 
UTAH 
ARMY 
CAMP WILLIAMS 
LIVE FIRE EXERCISE SHOOTHOUSE ..................... 
AIR FORCE 
HILL AFB 
649 MUNS MUNITIONS STORAGE MAGAZINES .............. 
649 MUNS PRECISION GUIDED MISSILE MX FACILITY ..... 
649 MUNS STAMP/MAINT & INSPECTION FACILITY ........ 
COMPOSITE AIRCRAFT ANTENNA CALIBRATION FAC ........ 
F-35A MUNITIONS MAINTENANCE COMPLEX ......... ,, .... 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
CAMP WILLIAMS 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER ................... 
VERMONT 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
BURLINGTON IAP 
F-35 BEDDOWN 4· BAY FLIGHT SIMULATOR .............. 
VIRGINIA 
ARMY 
FORT BELVOIR 
SECURE ADMIN/OPERATIONS FACILITY, INCR 2 .......... 
AIR FORCE 
JOINT BASE LANGLEY-EUSTIS 
AIR FORCE TARGETING CENTER ........................ 
FUEL SYSTEM MAINTENANCE DOCK ...................... 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
PENTAGON 
PENTAGON METRO ENTRANCE FACILITY .................. 
UPGRADE IT FACILITIES INFRASTRUCTURE·RRMC ......... 
ARMY RESERVE 
DUBLIN 
ORGANIZATIONAL MAINTENANCE SHOP/AMSA .......... 
WASHINGTON 
NAVY 
BANGOR 
SERVICE PIER ELECTRICAL UPGRADES .................. 
SUBMARINE REFIT MAINT SUPPORT FACILITY ............ 
BREMERTON 
NUCLEAR REPAIR FACILITY ......... , ................. 
WHIDBEY ISLAND 
EA·18G MAINTENANCE HANGAR ............ < ' •• ~ ' • ' ' ••• 
TRITON MISSION CONTROL FACILITY ............... 
AIR FORCE 
FAIRCHILD AFB 
PIPELINE DORM, USAF SERE SCHOOL (150 RM} .......... BUDGET 
REQUEST 
44,700 
91 ,910 4,500 
8,414 
7,400 6,600 8,700 12,000 
7' 100 
10' 100 
37,000 4,500 64,000 45,000 14,200 
12,111 
8,105 6,000 
18,939 21,476 
6,704 45,501 30,475 27,000 HOUSE 
44,700 91,910 4,500 8,414 7,400 6,600 8,700 12,000 7,100 10,100 37,000 4,500 64,000 45,000 14,200 
12' 111 e. 105 
6,000 
18,939 21,476 
6,704 45,501 30,475 27,000 SENATE 
44' 700 
91,910 4,500 
8,414 
7,400 6,600 8,700 12,000 
7' 100 
10' 100 
37,000 4,500 64,000 45,000 14,200 8,105 6,000 
18,939 21,476 
6, 704 
45,501 30,475 27,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
44,700 91,910 4,500 8,414 7,400 6,600 8,700 12,000 7,100 
101 100 
37,000 4,500 64,000 45,000 14,200 
12' 111 
8,105 6,000 18.939 
21,476 
6,704 45,501 30,475 27,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4090 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 166 here EH22JN16.007emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
ARMY RESERVE 
FORT MCCOY WISCONSIN 
AT/MOB DINING FACILITY ........................... . 
WYOMING 
AIR FORCE 
F . E. WARREN AFB 
MISSILE TRANSFER FACILITY SLOG 4331 .............. . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
LARAMIE 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER .................. . 
AIR FORCE 
DARWIN AUSTRALIA 
APR AIRCRAFT MX SUPPORT FACILITY ............... . 
APR EXPAND PARKING APRON .................. , .... . 
BULGARIA 
AIR FORCE 
GRAF IGNATIEVO 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS/OPERATION ALERT FACILITY ....... . 
FIGHTER RAMP EXTENSION ............................. . 
UPGRADE MUNITIONS STORAGE .......................... . 
CUBA 
ARMY 
GUANTANAMO SAY 
MIGRATION COMPLEX IMPROVEMENTS ................... . 
DEFENSE· WIDE 
DIEGO GARCIA DIEGO GARCIA 
IMPROVE WHARF REFUELING CAPABILITY ............... . 
DJIBOUTI 
NAVY 
CAMP LEMONNIER 
MEDICAL/DENTAL FACILITY ............................ . 
AIR FORCE 
CHASELLEY AIRFIELD 
ACCESS ROAD ........................................ , 
PARKING APRON AND TAXIWAY .......................... . 
AIR FORCE 
AMARI AS ESTONIA 
BULK FUEL STORAGE ........ , ......................... . 
GERMANY 
ARMY 
EAST CAMP GRAFENWOEHR 
TRAINING SUPPORT CENTER .... , .................... ,, 
GARMISCH 
DINING FACILITY ...... , , .......................... . 
WIESSADEN ARMY AIRFIELD 
CONTROLLED HUMIDITY WAREHOUSE .......... , ........ . 
HAZARDOUS MATERIAL STORAGE BUILDING ............. . 
AIR FORCE 
RAMSTEIN AS 
37 AS SQUADRON OPERATIONS/AIRCRAFT MAINT UNIT ..... 
SPANGOAHLEM AB 
EIC · SITE DEVELOPMENT AND INFRASTRUCTURE ........ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
11 ,400 
5,550 
21,000 
1,800 
28,600 
33,000 
30,000 
22,000 
9,600 
16,500 
2,700 
13,437 
43,465 HOUSE 
11,400 
5,550 
21,000 
1 ,800 
28,600 
33,000 30,000 
22,000 
9,600 
16,500 
2.700 
13,437 
43,465 SENATE 
11,400 
5,550 
21,000 
1,800 
2S,600 
3,800 
7,000 
2,600 
33,000 
30,000 37,409 
3,600 
6,900 
6,500 
22,000 
9,600 
16,500 
2,700 
13,437 
43,465 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
11,400 
5,550 
21,000 1,800 28,600 
33,000 30,000 
22,000 
9,600 
16,500 
2,700 
13,437 43,465 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4091 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 167 here EH22JN16.008emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
HIGH CAPACITY TRIM PAD AND HUSH HOUSE ............ . F/A-22 
LOW OBSERVABLE/COMPOSITE REPAIR FACILITY .. . F/A-22 
UPGRADE 
INFRASTRUCTURE/COMMUNICATIONS/UTILITIES ........ . 
UPGRADE HARDENED AIRCRAFT SHELTERS FOR F/A-22 .... . 
UPGRADE MUNITION STORAGE DOORS ................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
KAISERLAUTERN AB 
SEMBACH ELEMENTARY/MIDDLE SCHOOL REPLACEMENT ..... . 
RHINE ORDNANCE BARRACKS 
MEDICAL CENTER REPLACEMENT INCR 6 ................ . 
GUAM 
NAVY 
JOINT REGION MARIANAS 
HARDENING OF GUAM POL INFRASTRUCTURE ............. . 
POWER UPGRADE -HARMON ........................... . 
AIR FORCE 
JOINT REGION MARIANAS 
APR-MUNITIONS STORAGE IGLOOS, PH 2 ............. . 
APR-SATCOM C4I FACILITY ........................ . 
BLOCK 40 MAINTENANCE HANGAR ...................... . 
ICELAND 
NAVY 
KEFLAVIK 
P-BA AIRCRAFT RINSE FACILITY ....................... . 
P·8A HANGAR UPGRADE ................................ . 
JAPAN 
NAVY 
KADENA AB 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE COMPLEX ..................... . 
SASEBO 
SHORE POWER (JULIET PIER) ........................ . 
AIR FORCE 
KADENA AB 
APR-REPLACE MUNITIONS STRUCTURES ............... . 
YOKOTA AB 
C-130J CORROSION CONTROL HANGAR .................. . 
CONSTRUCT COMBAT ARMS TRAINING & MAINT FAC ....... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
IWAKUNI 
CONSTRUCT TRUCK OFFLOAD & LOADING FACILITIES ..... . 
KADENA AB 
KADENA ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACEMENT ............. . 
MEDICAL MATERIEL WAREHOUSE...... . ............ . 
SOF MAINTENANCE HANGAR ........................... . 
SOF SIMULATOR FACILITY (MC-130) .................. . 
YOKOTA AB 
AIRFIELD APRON ................................... . 
HANGAR/ AMU ....................................... . 
OPERATIONS AND WAREHOUSE FACILITIES .............. . 
SIMULATOR FACILITY ............................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
KWAJALEIN ATOLL KWAJALEIN 
REPLACE FUEL STORAGE TANKS ....................... . 
AIR FORCE 
SIAULIAI LITHUANIA 
MUNITIONS STORAGE .................................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
45,221 
58,063 
26,975 
62,210 35,300 14,200 
31 . 158 
26,489 16,420 
19,815 
23,777 
8,243 
6,664 
84,918 
20,881 
42,823 
12,602 
41,294 
39,466 26,710 
6,261 
85,500 HOUSE 
45,221 
58,063 26,975 62,210 35,300 14,200 
31 '158 
26,489 
16,420 19,815 
23.777 8,243 
6,664 84,918 20,881 
42,823 
12,602 41,294 39,466 26,710 
6,261 
85,500 SENATE 
1.000 12,000 1,600 2, 
700 
1,400 
45,221 
58,063 
26,975 
62,210 35,300 14.200 
31 '158 
5,000 14,600 
26,489 
16,420 
19,815 23,777 8,243 6,664 84,918 
20,881 
42,823 
12,602 
41,294 39,466 
26,710 
6,261 
85,500 3,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
45,221 
58,063 
26,975 
62,210 35,300 14,200 
31. 158 
26,489 16,420 19,815 
23,777 
8,243 6,664 84,918 20,881 42,823 12,602 
41,294 
39,466 26,710 6,261 85,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4092 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 168 here EH22JN16.009emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
MARIANA ISLANDS 
AIR FORCE 
UNSPECIFIED LOCATION 
APR · LAND ACQUISITION ........................... . 
AIR FORCE 
LASK AIR BASE POLAND 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY ............... . 
POWIDZ 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY .................. , .... . 
AIR FORCE 
CAMP TURZII ROMANIA 
MUNITIONS STORAGE AREA ... , ............... ,, .. , .... ,. 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY ....................... . 
TWO-BAY HANGAR .................................... . 
EXTEND PARKING APRONS..... . ...................... . 
NAVY 
ROTA SPAIN 
COMMUNICATION STATION ............................ . 
AIR FORCE 
INCIRLIK AB TURKEY 
AIRFIELD FIRE/CRASH RESCUE STATION ..... 
AIR FORCE 
AL OHAFRA UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
LARGE AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR ............ , ... . 
AIR FORCE 
CROUGHTON RAF UNITED KINGDOM 
JIAC CONSOLIDATION · PH 3.. . . .. .. . . .. .. . ....... .. 
MAIN GATE COMPLEX .......................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
CROUGHTON RAF 
CROUGHTON ~LEM/MIODLE/HIGH SCHOOL REPLACEMENT., ... 
ROYAL AIR FORCE LAKENHEATH 
CONSTRUCT HYDRANT FUEL SYSTEM ............. ,, .. , .. . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
WAKE ISLAND WAKE ISLAND 
TEST SUPPORT FACILITY ..... . 
VARIOUS WORLDWIDE LOCATIONS 
NAVY 
TRITON FORWARD OPERATING BASE HANGAR ..... . 
NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM ........ . 
WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED 
ARMY 
HOST NATION SUPPORT ................................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ......... , .................... , .. . 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ............................ , ... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
9,000 
23.607 
13,449 
35,400 
53,082 
16,500 
71,424 
13,500 
11,670 
41,380 
177,932 
18,000 
25,000 
80,159 HOUSE 
9,000 
23.607 
13,449 
35,400 
53,082 
16,500 
71,424 
13,500 
11,670 
41,380 
177,932 
18,000 
25,000 
80,159 SENATE 
9,000 
4,100 4,100 
3,000 3,400 
6,100 6,000 
23.607 
13,449 
35,400 
53,082 
16,500 
71,424 
13,500 11,670 
41,380 
177,932 
18,000 
35,000 
99,059 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
9,000 
23,607 
13,449 
35,400 
53,082 
16,500 
71,424 
13,500 
11,670 
41 '380 
177,932 
18,000 
35,000 
80,159 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4093 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 169 here EH22JN16.010emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
NAVY 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ............................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ............................ . 
AIR FORCE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ........... , ............ , ....... , 
PLANNING AND DESIGN- ANDREWS AFB ........ , ......... . 
PLANNING AND DESIGN· HANSCOM AFS .................. . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ........................... , .. . 
DEFENSE·WIDE 
CONTINGENCY CONSTRUCTION..... . ................... . 
ENERGY CONSERVATION INVESTMENT PROGRAM ............. . 
PLANNING AND DESIGN 
DEFENSE WIDE ..................................... . 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEPENDENT EDUCATION ........ . 
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ........................ . 
MDA.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... . 
NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY .......... . 
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY ......................... . 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND ...................... . 
WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICE ................ . 
SUBTOTAL. PLANNING AND DESIGN .................... . 
UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 
DEFENSE-WIDE ..................................... . 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEPENDENT EDUCTION ......... . 
DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY ............................ , 
JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... . 
MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ........................... . 
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY ...................... . 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND ....................... . 
SUBTOTAL, UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION., ....... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ................................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ................................ . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ................................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ................................ . 
ARMY RESERVE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN .............................. . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ................................. . 
NAVY RESERVE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN.... . ...... , .................. . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......... . 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ................................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ................................. . 
FAMILY HOUSING, ARMY 
KOREA 
CAMP WALKER (DAEGU) 
FAMILY HOUSING NEW CONSTRUCTION (90 UNITS). 
CAMP HUMPHRIES 
FAMILY HOUSING NEW CONSTRUCTION (216 UNITS). BUDGET 
REQUEST 
88,230 
29,790 
84,862 
18,720 
40,000 
30,000 
10,000 
150,000 
23,450 
23,585 
27,660 
71,647 
24,000 
27,653 
3,427 
776, H!3 
3,000 
3,000 
8,500 
8,631 
2,414 
3,913 
5,994 
35,452 
8,729 
12,001 
10,462 
17,495 
7,500 
2,830 
3,783 
4,500 
1 '500 
54,554 
143,563 HOUSE 
88,230 
29,790 
84,862 
18,720 
40,000 
30,000 
150,000 
22,649 
23,585 27,660 
15,000 
36,000 
24,000 
27,653 
3,427 
744,735 
3,000 3,000 
8,500 
8,631 
2,414 
3,913 
5,994 
35,452 
8,729 
12,001 
10,462 
17,495 
7,500 
2,830 
3,783 
4,500 
1,500 
54,554 
143,563 SENATE 
91,030 
29,790 
94,802 
18,720 
40,000 
40,000 
150,000 
23,450 
23,585 
27,660 
71,647 
24,000 
27,653 
3,427 
817,823 
3,000 
3,000 
8,500 
13,631 
2,414 
3,913 
5,994 
40,452 
8,729 
12,001 
10,462 
17,495 
7,500 
2,830 
3,783 
4,500 
1,500 
54,554 
143,563 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
88,230 
29,790 
84,862 
18.720 
40,000 
40,000 
150,000 
23,450 
23,585 
27,660 
15,000 
36,000 
24,000 
27,653 
3,427 
765,536 
3,000 
3,000 
8,500 
8,631 
2,414 
3,913 
5,994 
35,452 
6,729 
12,001 
10,462 
17,495 
7,50D 
2,830 
3,783 
4,500 
1 ,500 
54,554 
100,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4094 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 170 here EH22JN16.011emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
PLANNING AND DESIGN .................................. . 
SUBTOTAL, CONSTRUCTION ............................. . 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
UTILITIES ACCOUNT. ................................. . 
SERVICES ACCOUNT ................................... . 
MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT ................................. . 
MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNT .............................. . 
FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT ................................ . 
LEASING ............................................ . 
MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY ....................... . 
PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT COSTS ........................ . 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................ . 
FAMILY HOUSING, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS 
GUAM 
NSA ANDERSON 
REPLACEMENT HOUSING PHASE I ...................... . 
JAPAN 
IWAKUNI 
CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (36 UNITS) ............. . 
PLANNING AND DESIGN .................................. . 
SUBTOTAL, CONSTRUCTION ............................. . 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
UTILITIES ACCOUNT .................................. . 
SERVICES ACCOUNT ................................... . 
MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT ................................. . 
MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNT .............................. . 
FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT ................................ . 
LEASING ............................................ . 
MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY ....................... . 
PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT COSTS ........................ . 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................ . 
FAMILY HOUSING, AIR FORCE 
JAPAN 
KADENA (CAMP FOSTER) 
CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (NORTH TOWERS) ......... . 
KADENA 
CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (KAOENA HEIGHTS) ....... . 
SPAIN 
MORON AB 
CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (UNITS 650 AND 658) ..... 
PLANNING AND DESIGN .................................. . 
SUBTOTAL, CONSTRUCTION ............................. . 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
UTILITIES ACCOUNT .................................. . 
MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT ................................ . 
SERVICES ACCOUNT ................................... . 
FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT. . . . . . . . ....................... . 
MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNT .............................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
2,618 
200,735 
55,428 
7,993 
40,344 
400 
10,178 
131,761 
60,745 
19' 146 
325,995 
78,815 
11,047 
4,149 
94,011 
56,685 
12,855 
51,291 
364 
17,457 
54,689 
81,254 
26,320 
300,915 
52,307 
4,179 
498 
4,368 
61,352 
37,241 
42,919 
13,026 
31,690 
1 ,745 HOUSE 
2,618 
200,735 
55,428 
7,993 
40,344 
400 
10,178 
131,761 
60,745 
19' 146 
325,995 
78,815 
11 '047 
4' 149 
94,011 
56,685 
12,855 
51,291 364 
17,457 
54,689 
81,254 
28,320 
300,915 
52,307 
4,179 
498 
4,368 
61,352 
37,241 
42,919 
13,026 
31,690 
1 '745 SENATE 
2,618 
200,735 
55,428 
7,993 
40,344 
400 
10, 178 
131 '761 
60,745 
19' 146 
325,995 
78,815 
11,047 
4,149 
94' 011 
56,685 
12,855 
51,291 364 
17,457 
54,689 
81,254 
26,320 
300,915 
52,307 
4,179 
498 
4,368 
61,352 
37,241 
42,919 
13,026 
31,690 
1 '745 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
2,618 
157. 172 
55,428 
7,993 
40,344 
400 
10,178 
131 '761 
60,745 
19' 146 
325,995 
78,815 
11 '047 
4' 149 94 
'011 
56,685 
12,855 
51,291 364 
17,457 
54,689 
81,254 
26,320 
300,915 
52,307 
4' 179 498 
4,368 
61,352 
37,241 
42,919 
13,026 
31,690 
1. 745 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4095 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.014 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 171 here EH22JN16.012emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
LEASING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............................ . 
MAINTENANCE ........................................ . 
PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT COSTS ........................ . 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................ . 
FAMILY HOUSING, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY 
UTILITIES ....................................... . 
FURNISHING ....................................... . 
LEAS! NG ......................................... . 
MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY .................... . 
DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 
UTILITIES .......................................... . 
FURNISHINGS ................ , ................. , .. . 
LEASING ......................................... . 
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY 
UTILITIES ....................................... . 
FURNISHINGS ..................................... . 
SERVICES ............................. , .......... . 
MANAGEMENT ................ , .. , .......... , ....... . 
MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY .................... . 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................ . 
DOD FAMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND .................. . 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT ........... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, ARMY (SEC. 125) ............... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS (SEC. 
125). ' ..... ' .. ,.' '''.',.,, .. , .. ' ... , .. ,. '.'., ..... '' 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE (SEC. 125) .......... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD (SEC. 125). 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, ARMY RESERVE (SEC. 125) ....... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, DEFENSE-WIDE (S. SEC. 125) .... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, AIR NATIONAL GUARD (SEC. 125) .. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. NAVY AND MARINE CORPS (SEC. 
126) ....... , ................ ' ... ,, .. ,.,,, '.,., ..... , 
FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION, ARMY (S. SEC. 125) ...... . 
RESCISSIONS FROM PRIOR YEAR UNOBLIGATED BALANCES 
ARMY (SEC . 127) ...................................... . 
NAVY AND MARINE CORPS (H. SEC. 126) .................. . 
AIR FORCE (SEC. 127) ................................ .. 
DEFENSE-WIDE (SEC. 127) .............................. . 
DEFENSE-WIDE- PLANNING AND DESIGN (SEC. 127) ........ . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD ................................... . 
42 USC 3374 (SEC. 128) .............................. .. 
NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM (SEC. 127) .......... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
20,530 
85,469 
41 ,809 
------------· 274,429 367 399 
11.044 
BOO 
4,100 
500 40,984 
174 
20 
32 
388 349 
.. .. ... ... .. ... -...... "'-.. 
59,157 
3,258 
205,237 HOUSE 
20,530 
85,469 
41,809 -------------
274,429 367 399 
11 . 044 
800 4,100 500 40,984 
174 
20 
32 
388 349 
.......................... 
59,157 3,258 
230,237 40,500 293,600 26,000 67,500 86,500 
-25,000 ·51 
,848 -37,377 
-25,000 
-30,000 SENATE 
20,530 
85,469 
41,809 .... _ ........................ 
274,429 
367 
399 
11,044 
800 
4,100 
500 
40,984 
174 
20 
32 
388 
349 
............................. 
59,157 3,258 
205.237 40,500 143,000 
195,465 
16,500 30,000 
64,364 
11,000 14,400 -30,000 -22,340 
-132.283 
-15,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
20,530 
85,469 
41,809 
....... -....... -..... -
274,429 
367 
399 
11,044 800 4,100 
50D 
40,984 
174 
20 
32 
388 349 
............................... 
59,157 3,258 
240,237 40,500 227,099 149,500 67,500 30,000 11,000 89,400 -29,602 -51,460 -141,600 -30,000 -25,000 -30,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4096 June 22, 2016 
TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION — C
OMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The conference agreement provides $90,119,449,000 for Compensation and Pensions in advance for fiscal year 2018. Of the amount provided, not more than $17,224,000 is to be transferred to General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) and Information Technology Systems for reim-bursement of necessary expenses in imple-menting provisions of title 38. 
READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  The conference agreement provides $13,708,648,000 for Readjustment Benefits in advance for fiscal year 2018. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  The conference agreement provides $107,899,000 for Veterans Insurance and In-demnities in advance for fiscal year 2018, as well as an additional $16,605,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  The conference agreement provides such sums as may be necessary for costs associ-ated with direct and guaranteed loans for the Veterans Housing Benefit Program Fund. The agreement limits obligations for direct loans to not more than $500,000 and provides that $198,856,000 shall be available for admin-istrative expenses. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  The conference agreement provides $36,000 for the cost of direct loans from the Voca-tional Rehabilitation Loans Program Ac-count, plus $389,000 to be paid to the appro-priation for General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration. The agreement provides for a direct loan limita-tion of $2,517,000. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  The conference agreement provides $1,163,000 for administrative expenses of the Native American Veteran Housing Loan Pro-gram Account. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  The conference agreement provides $2,856,160,000 for General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration and makes available not to exceed 5 percent of this funding until the end of fiscal year 2018. The full request for the Veterans Benefits Man-agement System is provided in the agree-ment, which includes $37,356,000 from this ac-count and $143,000,000 from the Information Technology Systems account. The agree-ment also includes the full budget request of $26,695,000 for the centralized mail initiative and $152,924,000 for the Veterans Claim In-take Program (VCIP), which is $10,000,000 above the request. The placement of the General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration account in the bill has been moved from De-partmental Administration to Veterans Ben-efits Administration to align the administra-tive expenses of VBA with its program ac-tivities. Disability claims backlog.—The conferees commend the Department of Veterans Af-fairs (VA) on its efforts to reduce the dis-ability claims backlog and increase the accu-racy of claims decisions, and is committed to ensuring that VA maintains its goal of proc-essing all claims within 125 days with 98 per-cent accuracy. The Committees are also committed to ensuring there is not a recur-rence of any sizeable backlog or a reduction in accuracy and will continue to assert their oversight by monitoring on a monthly and quarterly basis each regional office’s timeli-ness and accuracy performance measures. The conference agreement includes section 228 which requires VBA to submit a quar-terly report with the following data from each VBA regional office: (1) the average time to complete a disability compensation claim; (2) the number of claims pending more than 125 days, disaggregated by initial and supplemental claims; (3) error rates; (4) the number of claims personnel; (5) any correc-tive action taken within the quarter to ad-dress poor performance; (6) training pro-grams undertaken; (7) the number and re-sults of Quality Review Team audits; (8) the number of claims completed by each regional office based on the regional office being the station of jurisdiction; and (9) the number of claims completed by each regional office based on the regional office being the station of origin. Regional office performance.—The conferees have been disturbed by repeated reports of manipulation of records and benefit data at several VBA regional offices, as well as ir-regular personnel practices that have jeop-ardized sound management of the regional offices. The conferees urge VA to monitor re-gional office performance to make certain that personnel and claims management ac-tivities remain fully transparent and comply with overall VA regulations and handbooks. Equitable relief.—The conferees urge the Secretary to continue to grant or extend eq-uitable relief to eligible veterans initially deemed eligible in instances of administra-tive error. Service satisfaction rates among women vet-erans.—The conferees direct VA to provide to the Committees not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 an analysis of trends and satisfaction rates among women veterans participating in the Vocational Rehabilita-tion and Employment program to ensure these services are adapting to the changing demographics of veterans and the needs of women veterans with disabilities. Disability benefits questionnaires.—The con- ferees expect VA to meet with Members of Congress to explain their plans to develop additional disability benefits questionnaires (DBQs) for chronic multi-system illnesses ex-perienced by veterans for which DBQs do not exist. Moreover, the conferees urge the De-partment to make permanent the period for filing Gulf War presumptive claims under 38 CFR 3.317. V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION — M
EDICAL SERVICES  The conference agreement provides $44,886,554,000 in advance for fiscal year 2018 for Medical Services and makes $1,400,000,000 of the advance available through fiscal year 2019. The agreement also provides $1,078,993,000 for fiscal year 2017 in addition to the advance appropriation provided last year. The fiscal year 2018 advance funding for medical services is $6,786,446,000 lower than the fiscal year 2017 advance because of De-partment projections that increased amounts of medical care will be provided through the Medical Community Care ac-count. Given that there may be significant un-funded liabilities created by the winding down of the Choice Act, the conference agreement includes bill language in section 232 permitting the transfer of funding from multiple VA appropriations accounts to Med-ical Services to address unfunded needs. The conference agreement includes bill language requiring the Secretary to ensure that sufficient amounts are available for the acquisition of prosthetics designed specifi-cally for female veterans and to provide ac-cess to therapeutic listening devices to vet-erans with mental health or substance abuse problems or traumatic brain injury. Curing Hepatitis C within the veteran popu-lation.—The Department is to be commended for robustly treating veterans with Hepatitis C (HCV), which is a particular concern be-cause the veteran population is twice as like-ly to have the virus as the general popu-lation. Available HCV drugs have a cure rate of 96 percent, and early, preventative treat-ments avoid tens of thousands of dollars in future healthcare spending. To that end, the agreement includes funding for the treat-ment of Hepatitis C of $1,500,000,000 in fiscal year 2017, which is $840,000,000 above the President’s request. The conferees under-stand that because of an uneven start to the Hepatitis C campaign due to funding inter-ruptions, VA projects there will be a carry-over of fiscal year 2016 funding that will in-crease the resources available in fiscal year 2017. The conferees are pleased that recent price reductions in the new Hepatitis C drugs will allow VA to treat patients faster and reach their target goal of treating all vet-erans with Hepatitis C years earlier than projected. The conferees encourage VA to work to re-move any barriers to timely screening and treatment for veterans with Hepatitis C, in-cluding maximizing the use of rapid testing techniques. Rapid testing can be especially helpful in reaching veterans who are medi-cally underserved or who live long distances from VA facilities. To assist in congressional oversight, VA is directed to continue to report to the Com-mittees in quarterly briefings the number of veterans treated to date, the number of vet-erans treated each week, the number of vet-erans pronounced cured to date, the pro-jected number of new cases, and the estimate of veterans likely to be cured during the next quarter. VA is also directed to report quarterly to the Committees obligations for funding Hepatitis C treatments as part of the larger crosscutting VA quarterly financial report required in section 218. Program priorities.—The conference agree-ment provides the following fiscal year 2017 funding for these high priority areas: $243,483,000 for readjustment counseling at Vet Centers; $535,400,000 for gender-specific healthcare, which is $20,000,000 higher than the administration request; $734,628,000 for the caregivers program, which is $10,000,000 above the request; $257,477,000 for the home-less grant and per diem program, which is $10,000,000 above the request; and $320,000,000 for the homeless supportive services for low income veterans and families, which is $20,000,000 above the request. Rural healthcare.—The conference agree-ment includes the full budget request of $250,000,000 for the Office of Rural Health (ORH) and the Rural Health Initiative. In ad-dition to any directives contained in the House and Senate reports, the conferees di-rect that ORH coordinate directly with the Readjustment Counseling Service to develop and implement a strategy to expand the ca-pacity of Vet Centers in order to ensure that the readjustment and psychological coun-seling needs of veterans in rural and highly rural communities are met. The conferees also direct VA to identify ways to obtain more accurate data on homeless and at-risk veterans in rural areas, as instructed in the Senate report. The conference agreement in-cludes a one-year extension through fiscal year 2017 of the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) program, which provides care to veterans in areas without extensive access to VA health facilities. This extension is necessary to maintain veterans’ access to healthcare during the transition as VA moves to consolidate its non-VA healthcare programs. The conferees encourage VA to ex-pand its use of telehealth for rural areas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.026 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4097 June 22, 2016 
since the technique has proven particularly helpful in mental health and primary care health delivery. Mental health.—The conference agreement provides the full budget request for all VA mental health services and programs, with additional resources within Medical Services provided for the Veterans Crisis Line and the National Centers for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder. The conference agreement includes $40,000,000 for the National Centers and $78,572,000 for the Veterans Crisis Line. Over-all, the agreement includes $173,005,000 for suicide prevention outreach. The conference agreement includes bill language in section 238 similar to that contained in the House bill that requires certain professional stand-ards for the suicide hotline. Opioid safety.—To respond to the urgency of the opioid overdose epidemic, the Depart-ment is directed to continue to comply with the guidance included in the fiscal year 2016 conference report under the paragraph ‘‘Opioid Safety.’’ VA is also directed to make public the findings of the Office of Account-ability Review investigation into accusa-tions of widespread retaliation against whis-tleblowers at the Tomah VA Medical Center as well as the outside clinical review. The Department is encouraged to utilize the full spectrum of treatment options for dealing with opioid addiction and expand the use of medication-assisted treatment and other clinically appropriate services to achieve and maintain abstinence from all opioids. The conferees believe it is important for the Department to report necessary information to State-run prescription drug monitoring programs as this will ensure VA providers have the tools they need to better identify at-risk veterans. The conferees are aware that only 14 States require their physicians to take pain management education credits. The con-ferees urge VA to ensure that healthcare providers learn the latest pain management techniques, understand safe prescribing prac-tices, and be able to spot the signs of poten-tial substance use disorders. The conferees believe that comprehensive training in the proper use of pain management medications is a vital step in combating the opioid prob-lem. Choice Program delays.—VA data indicate that the number of veterans waiting more than 30 days for an appointment is actually higher now than when the Veterans Choice Program was initiated. The conferees are concerned that this well-intentioned pro-gram was cobbled together quickly given the time constraints, which has contributed to delays. Further, an often-cited problem with the Choice Program is the lack of clear com-munications regarding the eligibility re-quirements of the program to both veterans and non-VA providers. The conferees believe that understanding the obstacles to efficient scheduling of appointments of veterans and swift reimbursement for providers would serve as crucial first steps in resolving some of these issues. The conferees urge VA and its third party providers to address the delays and the communication errors plagu-ing implementation of the Choice Program. Nursing authority.—The conferees recognize that VA has recently published a proposed rule indicating that it is considering the issue of granting full practice authority to some or all of the four advanced practice nursing disciplines. The proposed rule indi-cates that decision will be reflected in the final rule, after consideration of all the pub-lic comments received. In addition, the Under Secretary for Health has testified that he plans to consider as an important variable whether there are significant shortages of the affiliated physician specialties through-out the VA system, which would validate the need for full practice authority for those ad-vanced practice nurse specialties. The con-ferees urge VA to carefully and thoughtfully seek additional input from internal and ex-ternal stakeholders prior to publishing the final rule. The conferees encourage VA to make all possible outreach efforts to com-municate the changes contained in the pro-posed rule, gather public comments, and col-laborate with Congress, affected stake-holders, VA physician and nursing staffs, and external organizations. National Veteran Sports Programs.—The con- ference agreement includes $9,005,000, which is the budget request for the Office of the Na-tional Veterans Sports Programs and Special Events. The conferees concur with the move-ment of this office to the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), and the agreement includes necessary bill language in section 257 to permit VHA to carry out the Office’s activities. Patient consults.—The conferees direct VA to report not later than 30 days after the be-ginning of fiscal year 2017 on specific quality controls that have been implemented to en-sure that patient consults are handled in a timely manner. Collaboration with historically black health professions schools.—As described in the House and Senate reports, the conferees urge VA to increase its collaboration with the larger, urban hospitals with historically black health professions schools. The Sec-retary is directed, as in previous conference reports, to convene a symposium where mi-nority collaboration concerns are discussed and addressed. Leveraging private sector programs .—The conferees encourage VA to integrate into VA settings private sector programs that adapt information technologies and data interoper-ability capabilities to better coordinate healthcare services for veterans, as described in the House report. Medical residency positions.—The conferees note that, to date, the Department has not submitted to the Committees a report that was directed in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–113 detailing current coordination with the Direct Grad-uate Medical Education Program, limita-tions that may restrict VA’s program and ability to expand to underserved areas, and a plan to more effectively carry out VA’s grad-uate medical education program within con-straints that exist in the Direct Graduate Medical Education program. The conferees understand that the Department is reviewing comments provided by the Department of Health and Human Services’ Center for Medi-care and Medicaid Services and direct VA to move as expeditiously as possible in its re-view and submit the report to the Commit-tees. Further, the conferees direct that VA provide an update to the Committees not later than 15 days after enactment of this Act on the status of this report and a timeline for submission. Rehabilitation equipment.—The conferees are aware that the Department currently purchases or reimburses veterans for recum-bent bicycles or hand cycles used for reha-bilitative purposes only and does not cover the cost of upright bicycles. Given the many veterans in physical or mental rehabilitation programs who are able to use upright bicy-cles, the conferees urge the Department to make upright bicycles eligible for reimburse-ment to qualifying veterans. In addition, the conferees direct the Department to submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (hereafter ‘‘the Commit-tees’’) a report not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 outlining the steps needed to be taken to make upright bicycles eligible for reimbursement. MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  The conference agreement provides $7,246,181,000 for Medical Community Care, the account created in the Surface Transpor-tation and Veterans Health Care Choice Im-provement Act to consolidate all the VA pro-grams that provide care for veterans in the community from non-VA providers. Section 217 of the conference agreement rescinds an identical amount from the Medical Services account. The agreement also provides $9,409,118,000 in advance fiscal year 2018 fund-ing for this account. Of the fiscal year 2017 funding, $2,000,000,000 is made available until the end of fiscal year 2020; of the fiscal year 2018 funding, $1,500,000,000 is available until the end of fiscal year 2021. Extended availability of funding.—The con- ferees are aware the Department books obli-gations for non-VA care upon a veteran re-ceiving authorization to obtain medical care outside of the Veterans Health Administra-tion and not upon that authorization actu-ally being filled and the Department billed by the outside provider. Due to the timing of reconciliation between obligations, author-izations, and the number of those authoriza-tions filled through private providers, this accounting procedure has led to the de-obli-gation of funds past the life of the budget au-thority, leading to the expiration of millions of dollars that could have been applied to veterans healthcare programs. Therefore, the conferees have provided flexibility to aid the Department in ensuring all appropriations within this account are able to be obligated before expiration. This extended availability within the new Medical Community Care ac-count should allow VA time to correct this problem; however, the conferees also note this longer period of availability is a tem-porary solution and will not continue unaltered into the future. The Department is expected to work towards identifying changes in execution that will result in a permanent fix, including discussing with the Office of Management and Budget how best to define the point of obligation for these funds. The conferees expect the Department to keep the Committees apprised of its progress towards a permanent solution and request this issue be addressed within the fiscal year 2019 advance appropriations re-quest for this account. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  The conference agreement provides $6,654,480,000 in advance for fiscal year 2018 for Medical Support and Compliance and makes $100,000,000 of the advance funding available through fiscal year 2019. Filling senior position vacancies.—In order for VHA to improve access and increase effi-ciency within the system, it must fill the critical senior management and clinical va-cancies. Therefore, the conferees direct that not less than $21,000,000, as provided in the budget request, be used to hire medical cen-ter directors and employees for other man-agement and clinical positions within the Veterans Health Administration. Requirements for the hiring of VA healthcare providers.—The conferees are deeply troubled by recent reports concerning practicing VA providers whose credentials have not been verified or have been misrepresented, and who have previously entered into settle-ments or completed disciplinary actions in other States where they may hold a medical license. To protect our Nation’s veterans, the Department must do more to guarantee that VA providers are of the highest quality and are, at the very least, in good standing with each State medical board with which they hold licenses. The conferees believe VA should be in strict compliance with Veterans Health Administration Handbook 1100.19 and Directive 2012–030 which require the Depart-ment to obtain any and all information on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.016 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4098 June 22, 2016 
medical license violations from each State medical board where a provider holds or has ever held a license and whether the provider has entered into any settlement agreements with a board for disciplinary charges relat-ing to medical practice. The Department is directed to submit a report to the Commit-tees not later than 90 days after the begin-ning of fiscal year 2017 providing an analysis and an assessment of VA field compliance with Veterans Health Administration Hand-book 1100.19 and Directive 2012–030. Transmission of VA healthcare providers’ in-formation to State medical boards.—Under cur-rent VA policy outlined in Veterans Health Administration Handbook 1100.18, in each in-stance in which a licensed healthcare profes-sional whose behavior or clinical practice so substantially fails to meet generally-accept-ed standards of clinical practice as to raise reasonable concern for the safety of patients, the Department is required to provide a re-port to each State licensure board (SLB) where the professional holds a license. The conferees are aware, however, that such reports sent to SLBs are typically lim-ited to a generic description of the clinical shortcomings involved, and if the SLB wants more details of the situation it must respond to the report with a formal request for more information. The conferees note SLBs and the Federation of State Medical Boards find it extremely difficult to gain useful informa-tion even if they follow VA’s exact proce-dures. It is critical for VA to improve commu-nication with SLBs and improve trans-parency surrounding medical practice viola-tions. VA is urged to send promptly to each SLB where a provider holds a license and the SLB in the State where the provider prac-tices, the full information concerning any violations during the provider’s practice at VA. While VA providers do not need to hold a license in the same State where the medical facility resides, the conferees believe such State’s medical board should, nonetheless, have access to information about a clinical violation committed at a facility in their State to ensure the board can adequately ful-fill its obligation to uphold safe medical practice. The Department is directed to sub-mit a report to the Committees not later than 90 days after the beginning of fiscal year 2017 providing an assessment of VA field compliance with Veterans Health Adminis-tration Handbook 1100.18 and its ability to provide full reporting to SLBs in instances where licensed healthcare professionals’ be-havior or clinical practice so substantially failed to meet generally-accepted standards of clinical practice that it needed to be re-ported in compliance with Handbook 1100.18. Non-VA care provider reviews.—As the De-partment continues to increase the scope and size of its non-VA care programs, it is imperative that VA develop policies that en-sure that a healthcare provider removed from employment with the Veterans Health Administration due to substandard care, pro-fessional misconduct, or violation of the re-quirements of his or her medical license does not subsequently reemerge as a contracted healthcare provider in the community care programs, including the Choice Program. Therefore, the conferees direct the Depart-ment to submit to the Committees not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 the current VHA policy on entering into con-tractual agreements with private providers, either directly or through a third-party ad-ministrator, and the provisions of that pol-icy which detail how VA ensures that no healthcare providers removed for misconduct subsequently become providers through the VA’s community care programs. In addition, the Department is directed to include, with the policy, what enforcement mechanisms are currently in place as a safeguard and any legislative authorities needed to ensure that veterans receive the highest quality of care from healthcare providers on contract to VA. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  The conference agreement provides $5,434,880,000 in advance for fiscal year 2018 for Medical Facilities, as well as $247,668,000 in fiscal year 2017 funding, which is in addi-tion to the advance funding provided last year. Of the advance funding, $250,000,000 is made available through fiscal year 2019. Medical facility inspections for food service and environmental quality.—The conferees are disturbed by reports of sanitation and insect infestation problems at food service areas and kitchens at VA healthcare facilities, de-spite existing internal requirements for peri-odic inspections. In addition, health-threat-ening mold has been found in some VA facili-ties, as documented by the VA Inspector General. The conference agreement includes bill language in sections 251 and 252 requir-ing VA to contract with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organiza-tions to conduct annual inspections of healthcare facility food service areas, with remediation and re-inspection required. Sec-tion 252 includes the requirement for the Joint Commission to conduct similar peri-odic reviews to inspect mold issues in VA medical facilities. Improved community-based outpatient clinics (CBOC) capabilities.—The conferees are con-cerned that VA needs to improve its plan-ning and contracting practices to allow for future expansion needs of CBOCs. In the case of the recently approved Rochester, New York CBOC (Phase I), the conferees have been informed that options to expand for po-tential future growth could not be included in the original lease contract, warranting procurement of a second facility. The con-ferees urge the Department to consider eco-nomic benefits when considering locations. Furthermore, the Department is directed to provide a report to the Committees not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 ad-dressing the rationale as to why such flexi-bility cannot be included in lease contracts and identify any barriers, including nec-essary statutory changes, to ensure such op-tions for flexibility are included in future lease contracts. Green energy management program .—Given congressional concern with some prior wind energy projects, the conferees believe that the Committees need a clearer budget pres-entation of all green energy projects—wind, solar, geothermal, etc.—proposed to be fund-ed in the fiscal year 2018 budget. Because green energy management funding was used to backfill shortfalls in the Denver hospital construction project, the Committees have difficulty discerning the strategic funding plans that remain for VA green energy man-agement. Budget presentation.—The conferees have found the current budget presentation for Medical Facilities distressingly difficult to interpret. The conferees direct VA in the fis-cal year 2018 budget submission and in future years to include a list of the projects that are funded in the request, with the project’s Strategic Capital Investment Priorities score identified. Recognizing that the list of funded projects may change during the course of the year, VA is directed to provide quarterly updates to the Committees that identify any changes to the list provided in the budget. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  The conference agreement provides $675,366,000 for Medical and Prosthetic Re-search, available until September 30, 2018. Bill language is included to ensure that the Secretary allocates adequate funding for re-search on gender-appropriate prosthetics and toxic exposures. Gulf War symptoms study.—The conferees are aware that on March 23, 2015, VA con-tracted with the Institute of Medicine to ful-fill the mandated Gulf War and post-9/11 vet-erans report as required by Public Law 110– 389 and that VA is now in receipt of the re-port. The conferees direct the Department to review the report in an expeditious manner and transmit it to the appropriate congres-sional committees of jurisdiction not later than 60 days after the beginning of fiscal year 2017. New research areas.—As indicated in the House report, the conferees encourage VA to create a Center of Innovation for research support and use as candidates for initial re-search hyperbaric oxygen therapy and mag-netic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy. Study on toxic exposures.—The conferees are aware the Department is finalizing a con-tract with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (NASEM) to assess the current research available on possible generational health ef-fects that may be the result of toxic expo-sures experienced by veterans. The conferees are aware NASEM will also assess areas re-quiring further scientific study on the de-scendants of veterans with toxic exposures. In addition, NASEM will further assess the scope and methodology required to conduct research on such descendants to identify cur-rent or possible health effects in the vet-erans’ descendants. The study will be similar to what is directed in the Senate report. The Committees have been provided a detailed list of the scope of the study and are aware the contract is to be awarded in fiscal year 2017. The conferees intend to monitor the award of this contract closely and expect the Department to finalize the award, as summa-rized above and presented to the Commit-tees. NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  The conference agreement provides $286,193,000 for the National Cemetery Ad-ministration (NCA). Of the amount provided, not to exceed 10 percent is available until September 30, 2018. Rural veterans burial initiative.—The De- partment is directed to submit to the Com-mittees not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 a report detailing the progress to date of the Rural Veterans Burial Initiative and the expected timeline for completion of such initiative. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The conference agreement provides $345,391,000 for General Administration. Of the amount provided, not to exceed 5 percent is available for obligation until September 30, 2018. The agreement continues to include bill language in section 233 permitting the transfer of funds from this account to Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration. The conference agreement provides $10,545,000 for the Office of the Secretary. The recommendation fully supports and pro-vides the requested amounts in fiscal year 2017 for the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, the Center for Minority Veterans, the Center for Women Veterans, and the Office of Survivors Assist-ance. The Office of Government Relations is funded at $9,146,000, to include not more than $5,900,000 for functions previously conducted by the Office of Congressional and Legisla-tive Affairs. Within the amounts made available for General Administration, not less than an ad-ditional $1,500,000 shall be specifically re-served for the hiring of Veterans Integrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.017 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4099 June 22, 2016 
Service Network (VISN) directors; these amounts shall supplement and not supplant amounts included in the budget request for the hiring of VISN directors. Savings below the requested level for the Office of Congres-sional and Legislative Affairs function and the immediate Office of the Secretary have been repurposed for this initiative, con-sistent with direction in the Senate report. Improving the veterans’ experience at VA .— The conferees note the Secretary is under-taking a major effort to better understand the myriad of ways veterans and eligible de-pendents interact with VA and then to meas-urably improve the veterans experience at the point of service delivery. The current customer experience when interacting with the Department is disjointed, inconsistent, and all too often frustrating for the veteran. For example, the VA has over 500 veteran- facing websites and almost a thousand 1–800 numbers for veterans to contact VA. To make matters worse, there is no consistent, VA-wide performance standard for the many call centers VA operates. In addition, the current process for training and integrating staff at VA is sorely lacking and not on par with commercial equivalents, particularly when it comes to front-line staff who di-rectly interface with veterans. Also, many of VA’s business processes (for example, com-pensation and pension exams) are built to be internal-facing instead of built to put the veteran at the center of the process. The sum of all these limitations has a direct impact on veterans. For example, only 47 percent of veterans surveyed marked ‘‘strongly agree or agree’’ with this statement: ‘‘I trust VA to fulfill our country’s commitment to vet-erans.’’ The conferees believe VA can and should redesign, measure, and improve the way VA provides services to veterans nation-wide, and note with interest the recent ef-forts by the Secretary to do that. The con-ferees are interested in the metrics and data the Department has promised it can provide that will show an increase in veteran satis-faction resulting from the efforts the Sec-retary’s office has put into place over the past year intending to improve the veteran experience. The Department is directed to report quarterly to the Committees metrics and data that show improvement in cus-tomer satisfaction, the veterans experience, and employee training. The conferees did not provide a direct appropriation for this effort in fiscal year 2017; however, the Department is able and expected to continue improving the veterans experience. Financial management system.—The con-ference agreement includes $8,000,000 in this account as well as $44,300,000 in the Informa-tion Technology Systems account for devel-opment of a new financial management sys-tem. The Department has dithered for years in replacing its antiquated legacy system and suffered the consequences of a near melt-down in the hospital system in 2015 when ob-ligations could not be correctly reported. The conferees urge VA to make a decision in fiscal year 2016 to replace its inadequate sys-tem with a 21st century product so that the Committees can rely on financial informa-tion from VA and VA can manage its obliga-tions. VA Patient Protection Act of 2016.—The con- ferees remain concerned about reports of re-taliation against whistleblowers within the Department across the Nation. VA has prom-ised to foster a culture of openness by en-couraging employees to report cases of wrongdoing, yet there continue to be reports that after bringing to light cases of wrong-doing, the whistleblowers become subjects of retaliation. The conferees note VA must cre-ate an environment that allows employees to openly and safely advocate on behalf of vet-erans, consistent with direction in the Sen-ate report. The conference agreement in-cludes bill language in section 247 that com-prehensively addresses the creation of a for-mal process for whistleblowers to file disclo-sures when operations within the Depart-ment fail to meet the high standards of care and service veterans deserve. Section 247 es-tablishes a Central Whistleblower Office de-signed as an independent investigatory body to process VA employee complaints, which will ensure whistleblower disclosures receive the prompt, impartial attention deserved. Section 247 defines what actions constitute prohibited retaliation against whistle-blowers, sets forth a process under which su-pervisors will be punished for handling dis-closures inappropriately, and requires VA su-pervisors to be evaluated on their handling of whistleblower complaints. Further, sec-tion 247 requires the Department to report annually to the Committees on the number of whistleblower complaints received and their outcomes and to provide the results of Office of Special Counsel investigations re-lated to whistleblower complaints. Quarterly reporting.—In section 218 of the conference agreement, the conferees con-tinue to direct VA to provide on a quarterly basis, not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, a quarterly financial status re-port that includes, at a minimum, the infor-mation identified in this paragraph. Such in-formation shall include: 1. VHA obligations and collections for the four Medical Care accounts, Nonrecurring Maintenance (as a non-add), Medical Re-search, the VA–DOD Facility Demonstration Fund, and Medical Care Collections Fund (MCCF) collections—actual to date versus plan; 2. Updated ‘VA Medical Care Obligations by Program’ chart displayed in the fiscal year 2017 budget justification; 3. Choice Act obligations for sections 801 and 802—actual to date versus plan; 4. Hepatitis C obligations, amounts funded through appropriations versus Choice Act, both sources actual to date versus plan; 5. Cumulative tracking of all transfers made under any authority, including each transfer within the Medical Care appropria-tions accounts; 6. General Administration obligations— personal services versus all other—actual to date versus plan; 7. Board of Veterans Appeals obligations— personal services versus all other—actual to date versus plan; 8. VBA, GOE obligations—personal services versus all other—actual to date versus plan; 9. Compensation and Pensions, Readjust-ment Benefits, and Veterans Insurance and Indemnities—obligations year-to-date versus plan; 10. NCA obligations—personal services versus all other—actual to date versus plan; 11. Information Technology Systems obli-gations—personal services versus all other— actual to date versus plan; 12. Major and Minor Construction obliga-tions—actual to date versus plan; 13. Obligations to date for each Major Con-struction project, broken into design versus construction; and 14. Status of VA full-time equivalent em-ployment—by Administration/IT and revolv-ing funds—by quarter, actual versus plan. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  The conference agreement provides $156,096,000 for the Board of Veterans Appeals (BVA), of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. Bill language is included in section 233 permitting VA to transfer funding between this account and the General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration ac-count if needed to align funding with the ap-propriate account to hire staff to address the appeals backlog. The conference agreement provides the full budget request in recognition of the growing backlog in resolving appeals. However, the conferees are skeptical that, without the necessary legislative changes proposed by the Administration, VA will be able to make a significant dent in the backlog. As one step, the conferees urge the Board to hire ad-ditional BVA board members. Legal assistance.—The conferees request the Board to provide a report not later than 90 days after the beginning of fiscal year 2017 about the possible need for legal assistance by veterans who are appealing their ruling from the Veterans Benefits Administration. The report should include information about: (1) the percentage of appellants who receive free legal counsel from veterans service or-ganizations or others versus those who rep-resent themselves or have paid legal counsel; (2) the Board’s estimate of unmet legal need among appellants; (3) possible mechanisms to provide free legal assistance to veterans who do not have and are unable to afford legal assistance; and (4) the legal assistance program provided through the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims and whether such a program would be appropriate for the Board, including a description of program structure and cost. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The conference agreement provides $4,278,259,000 for Information Technology (IT) Systems. The agreement identifies sepa-rately in bill language the funding available for pay ($1,272,548,000); operations and main-tenance ($2,534,442,000); and systems develop-ment, modernization, and enhancement ($471,269,000). The agreement makes $37,100,000 of pay funding available until the end of fiscal year 2018; $180,200,000 of oper-ations and maintenance funding available until the end of fiscal year 2018; and all IT systems development, modernization and en-hancement funding available until the end of fiscal year 2018. The conference agreement includes $259,874,000 for VistA Evolution, the mod-ernization of the interoperable electronic health record (EHR) or any successor pro-gram; $143,000,000 in information technology funding for the Veterans Benefits Manage-ment System which processes disability claims; $19,100,000 for the claims appeals modernization effort; $20,000,000 for Section 508 compliance efforts; $44,300,000 for develop-ment of a new VA financial management sys-tem; and $370,067,000 for the VA information security program, including $125,000,000 for the Cybersecurity Strategy Implementation program. As with the fiscal year 2013–2016 appropria-tions Acts, the fiscal year 2017 agreement in-cludes a prohibition on obligation or expend-iture of more than 25 percent of fiscal year 2017 funds provided for development, mod-ernization, and enhancement of the VistA Evolution EHR or a successor program until the Department meets reporting and ac-countability requirements contained in the conference bill language. The conference agreement includes lan-guage prohibiting the obligation of IT devel-opment, modernization, and enhancement funding until VA submits a certification of the amounts to be obligated, in part or in full, for each development project. The conference agreement includes lan-guage permitting funding to be transferred among the three IT subaccounts, subject to approval from the Committees. The conference agreement includes lan-guage providing that funding may be trans-ferred among development projects or to new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.021 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4100 June 22, 2016 
projects subject to the Committees’ ap-proval. The conference agreement provides fund-ing for IT development, modernization, and enhancement for the projects and in the amounts specified in the following table: 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS 
(in thousands of dollars) Project Conference 
Electronic Health Record Interoperability/VLER Health ... 17,322 VistA Evolution or successor EHR program ..................... 63,339 Veterans Benefits Management System (VBMS) ............. 85,288 Virtual Lifetime Electronic Record (VLER) ....................... 17,857 Veteran Customer Experience .......................................... 73,624 VHA Research IT Support Development ........................... 15,066 Other IT Systems Development ........................................ 198,773 
Total, All Development ............................................ $471,269 
This table is intended to serve as the De-partment’s approved list of development projects; any requested changes are subject to reprogramming requirements. Appointment scheduling.—For more than a decade, VA has spent millions in an attempt to replace its antiquated scheduling system. VA has begun to fix some of the worst prob-lems in the system with its rollout of VistA Scheduling Enhancement (VSE). But further efforts to modernize scheduling have been put on hold until VA makes a decision about what direction to take with modernizing the electronic health record. The conferees un-derstand the need to align the two systems, but are distressed about the further delays in the implementation of both. The conferees expect that VA will finalize its strategic ap-proach for both the electronic health record and scheduling before the end of fiscal year 2016. Expenditure plan.—The conference agree-ment directs the Department to continue to provide an IT expenditure plan to the Com-mittees not later than the start of fiscal year 2017, as indicated in both the House and Senate reports. This plan should be in the same format as the table above. Periodic briefings.—The conferees continue to require VA to provide quarterly briefings to the Committees regarding schedule, mile-stones, and obligations for VistA Evolution or any successor program. The conferees also require quarterly briefings from the DOD/VA Interagency Program Office on the EHR interoperability project. Data matching with the Department of Edu-cation.—The conferees urge VA to establish a matching program with the Department of Education to identify veterans who are un-employable due to a service-connected dis-ability. Under current law, veterans who have been determined by VA to be unemploy-able due to a service-connected disability are also eligible for student loan forgiveness. However, given the complexity of the loan discharge process and the seeming lack of communication between the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Education, disabled veterans would stand to benefit from greater coordination between the two Departments. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  The conference agreement provides $160,106,000 for the Office of Inspector Gen-eral (OIG). Of the amount provided, not to exceed 10 percent is available for obligation until September 30, 2018. The conference agreement directs that the OIG should post publicly any report or audit not later than 3 days after it is submitted to the Secretary in final form. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  The conference agreement provides $528,110,000 for Construction, Major Projects, which is the same as the budget request. The agreement makes this funding available for five years, except that $50,000,000 is made available until expended. Outside project management.—To ensure the Department will never again mishandle pub-lic funds on a construction project in the manner and to the degree the Denver VA Medical Center in Aurora, CO, was mis-managed, the conference agreement directs that $222,620,000 for Veterans Health Admin-istration major construction projects shall not be available until the Department enters into an agreement with a non-Department of Veterans Affairs Federal entity to serve as the design and/or construction agent for each major construction project with a total esti-mated cost of $100,000,000 or above. The con-ference agreement makes the funding avail-able for obligation for each project only after VA certifies that the agreement with the non-Department Federal entity is in ef-fect for that project. The two VHA projects affected by the fencing provision are in Reno, Nevada, and Long Beach, California. The requirement to contract with an outside agent for major construction projects was also mandated in Section 502 of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authori-ties Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–58), enacted on September 30, 2015. The law contemplates that the non-Department Federal entity will provide management over all or part of the project design, acquisition, construction, and appropriate contract changes, and the De-partment will reimburse the entity for all appropriate costs associated with the provi-sion of such services. The conference agreement funds the fol-lowing items as requested in the budget sub-mission: CONSTRUCTION, MAJOR PROJECTS 
(in thousands of dollars) Location and description Conference Agreement 
Veterans Health Admin. (VHA): Long Beach, CA, seismic corrections for mental health and community living center .................. $30,200 Reno, NV, upgrade seismic, life safety, utilities, and expand clinical services ............................. 192,420 Advance Planning and Design Fund—various locations 65,000 Major Construction staff—various locations .................. 24,000 Claims Analysis—various locations ................................ 5,000 Hazardous Waste—various locations .............................. 10,000 Judgment Fund—various locations ................................. 9,000 Non-Dept. Fed. Entity Project Management Support ....... 49,490 
Total VHA ................................................................ 385,110 National Cemetery Admin. (NCA): Elmira, NY—new national cemetery—Western NY 36,000 Las Animas, CO—new national cemetery—South-ern CO ................................................................ 36,000 Jacksonville, FL—gravesite expansion ................... 24,000 South Florida, FL —gravesite expansion ............... 31,000 Advance Planning and Design Fund—various lo-cations ................................................................ 10,000 
Total NCA ....................................................... 137,000 General Admin.: Staff Offices Advance Planning Fund .................... 6,000 
Major Construction total ................................ $528,110 
Major construction budget justification docu-ments.—The conferees reiterate their con-cerns regarding the budget justifications submitted for projects funded in this ac-count. The congressional budget justifica-tion materials that accompany the Presi-dent’s Budget require a greater level of de-tail to enhance oversight of the Depart-ment’s major construction projects. There-fore, the conference agreement includes a new administrative provision section 258, re-quiring the Department to submit enhanced budget justification documents for projects for which funds are requested. Pursuant to section 258, such justifications shall include, at a minimum, the following elements for all major construction projects: 1. Project description, to include phases (if applicable) delineated by fiscal year, funding for each phase by fiscal year, and a detailed description of what that funding procures; 2. Project justification and analysis of ben-efits; 3. A comparison of budget authority with the prior year’s President’s Budget for budg-et authority already received and needed in future years; 4. A justification of any cost, schedule, or design change from prior years; 5. Total estimated cost with a detailed breakout by design, construction (differen-tiated by primary and support facilities), and operating costs; 6. A complete project schedule to include dates indicating design start, 35 percent de-sign completion, award of construction docu-ments, design completion, award of construc-tion contract, and estimated construction completion; 7. Design contract type; 8. An analysis of alternatives with associ-ated costs; 9. Demographic data; and 10. Workload data. The Department is directed to submit this information in a format resembling the De-partment of Defense form 1391 (DD 1391). In addition, language is included requiring the Department to submit a proposed budget jus-tification template that complies with this requirement to the Committees within 45 days of enactment of this Act. Alternative sources of construction funding. — The conferees are aware of the budget chal-lenges with new facility construction at VA. The conferees are pleased that VA has begun to work with the private sector in developing public- private partnerships (P3). P3 projects take advantage of readily available private sector investment capital, expertise, and en-trepreneurial discipline. Where private sec-tor financing has already been identified, and where practical, the conferees urge VA to use a P3 model on future VA construction projects. CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  The conference agreement provides $372,069,000 for Construction, Minor Projects. The agreement makes this funding available for five years. Included within the total is $285,000,000 for the Veterans Health Adminis-tration; $56,890,000 for the National Cemetery Administration; $20,000,000 for the Veterans Benefits Administration; and $10,179,000 for General Administration—Staff Offices. Expenditure Plan.—The conference agree-ment includes a directive for the Depart-ment to provide an expenditure plan not later than 30 days after the beginning of the fiscal year, as provided in the Senate report. This expenditure plan shall include a com-plete list of minor construction projects to be supported with the fiscal year 2017 appro-priation. The plan shall be updated six months and twelve months after enactment. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE  
EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  The conference agreement provides $90,000,000 for Grants for Construction of State Extended Care Facilities, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  The conference agreement provides $45,000,000 for Grants for Construction of Vet-erans Cemeteries, to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSIONS OF  
FUNDS)  The conference agreement includes section 201 allowing for transfer of funds among the three mandatory accounts. The conference agreement includes section 202 allowing for the transfer of funds among the four medical accounts. The conference agreement includes section 203 allowing salaries and expenses funds to be used for related authorized purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.023 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4101 June 22, 2016 
The conference agreement includes section 204 restricting the accounts that may be used for the acquisition of land or the con-struction of any new hospital or home. The conference agreement includes section 205 limiting the use of funds in the Medical Services account only for entitled bene-ficiaries unless reimbursement is made to the Department. The conference agreement includes section 206 allowing for the use of certain mandatory appropriations accounts for payment of prior year accrued obligations for those accounts. The conference agreement includes section 207 allowing the use of appropriations avail-able in this title to pay prior year obliga-tions. The conference agreement includes section 208 allowing the Department to use surplus earnings from the National Service Life In-surance Fund, the Veterans’ Special Life In-surance Fund, and the United States Govern-ment Life Insurance Fund to administer these programs. The conference agreement includes section 209 allowing the Department to cover the ad-ministrative expenses of enhanced-use leases and provides authority to obligate these re-imbursements in the year in which the pro-ceeds are received. The conference agreement includes section 210 limiting the amount of reimbursement the Office of Resolution Management and the Office of Employment Discrimination Com-plaint Adjudication can charge other offices of the Department for services provided. The conference agreement includes section 211 requiring the Department to collect third-party payer information for persons treated for a non-service-connected dis-ability. The conference agreement includes section 212 allowing for the use of enhanced-use leas-ing revenues for Construction, Major Projects and Construction, Minor Projects. The conference agreement includes section 213 outlining authorized uses for Medical Services funds. The conference agreement includes section 214 allowing for funds deposited into the Medical Care Collections Fund to be trans-ferred to the Medical Services and Medical Community Care accounts. The conference agreement includes section 215 which allows Alaskan veterans to use medical facilities of the Indian Health Serv-ice or tribal organizations. The conference agreement includes section 216 permitting the transfer of funds from the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund to the Construction, Major Projects and Construction, Minor Projects accounts and makes those funds available until expended. The conference agreement includes section 217 rescinding $7,246,181,000 of fiscal year 2017 Medical Services funds that were provided in advance. This funding is now provided through the Medical Community Care ac-count. The conference agreement includes section 218 requiring the Secretary to submit finan-cial status quarterly reports for each of the Administrations in the Department. The spe-cific data requested is similar to that re-quested in the fiscal year 2016 conference re-port. The conference agreement includes section 219 requiring the Department to notify and receive approval from the Committees of any proposed transfer of funding to or from the Information Technology Systems account and limits the aggregate annual increase in the account to no more than 10 percent of the funding appropriated to the account in this Act. The conference agreement includes section 220 prohibiting any funds from being used in a manner that is inconsistent with statutory limitations on outsourcing. The conference agreement includes section 221 providing up to $274,731,000 of fiscal year 2017 funds for transfer to the Joint DOD–VA Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. The conference agreement includes section 222 which permits up to $280,802,000 of fiscal year 2018 medical care funding provided in advance to be transferred to the Joint DOD– VA Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. The conference agreement includes section 223 which authorizes transfers from the Med-ical Care Collections Fund to the Joint DOD– VA Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. The conference agreement includes section 224 which transfers at least $15,000,000 from VA medical accounts to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. The conference agreement includes section 225 prohibiting funds available to the Depart-ment in this or any other Act from being used to replace the current system by which VISNs select and contract for diabetes moni-toring supplies and equipment. The conference agreement includes section 226 requiring that the Department notify the Committees of bid savings in a major con-struction project of at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent, whichever is less, 14 days prior to the obligation of the bid savings and their anticipated use. The conference agreement includes section 227 which prohibits VA from increasing the scope of work for a major construction project above the scope specified in the origi-nal budget request unless the Secretary re-ceives approval from the Committees. The conference agreement includes section 228 requiring a quarterly report from each VBA regional office on pending disability claims, both initial and supplemental; error rates; the number of claims processing per-sonnel; corrective actions taken; training programs; and review team audit results. The conference agreement includes section 229 limiting the funding from the Medical Services and Medical Support and Compli-ance accounts for the electronic health record and electronic health record inter-operability projects. The conference agreement includes section 230 requiring VA to notify the Committees 15 days prior to any staff office relocations within VA of 25 or more FTE. The conference agreement includes section 231 requiring the Secretary to report to the Committees each quarter about any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign exceeding $2,000,000. The conference agreement includes section 232 permitting the transfer to the Medical Services account of fiscal year discretionary 2017 funds appropriated in this Act or avail-able from advance fiscal year 2017 funds al-ready appropriated, except for funds appro-priated to General Operating Expenses, VBA, to address possible unmet, high priority needs in Medical Services. Such unantici-pated demands may result from cir-cumstances such as a greater than projected number of enrollees or higher intensity of use of benefits. Any such transfer requires the approval of the Committees. The conference agreement includes section 233 permitting the transfer of funding be-tween the General Operating Expenses, Vet-erans Benefits Administration account and the Board of Veterans Appeals account if necessary to permit the hiring of staffing at the appropriate stage of the appeals process to address mounting claims appeals work-load. Any such transfer requires the approval of the Committees. The conference agreement includes section 234 prohibiting the Secretary from re-programming funds in excess of $5,000,000 among major construction projects or pro-grams unless the reprogramming is approved by the Committees. The conference agreement includes section 235 rescinding $40,000,000 in unobligated bal-ances in the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. The conference agreement includes sec-tions 236 and 237 making general rescissions of $169,000,000 in fiscal year 2017 advance ap-propriations and reductions of $23,000,000 in fiscal year 2017 current funded appropria-tions. The conference agreement includes section 238 mandating certain professional standards for the veterans crisis hotline. The conference agreement includes section 239 pertaining to certification of marriage and family therapists. The conference agreement includes section 240 restricting funds from being used to close certain medical facilities in the absence of a national realignment strategy. The conference agreement includes section 241 which prohibits funds from being used to transfer funding from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other VA account. The conference agreement includes section 242 which provides an extension through fis-cal year 2017 of the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) program. The conference agreement includes section 243 which ends a co-payment requirement for opioid antagonists and supports education on the use of opioid antagonists. The conference agreement includes section 244 requiring the VA Inspector General to make public all work products. The conference agreement includes section 245 permitting funding to be used in fiscal years 2017 and 2018 to carry out and expand the child care pilot program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111–163. The conference agreement includes section 246 making mandatory the reporting to State prescription drug monitoring pro-grams. The conference agreement includes section 247 which includes the text of the VA Patient Protection Act of 2016 addressing protections for VA whistleblowers. The conference agreement includes section 248 identifying information which may be used to verify the status of coastwise mer-chant seamen who served during World War II for the purposes of eligibility for medals, ribbons, or other military decorations. The conference agreement includes section 249 providing monthly assistance allowances for disabled veterans competing on United States Olympic teams. The conference agreement includes section 250 which provides coverage under the VA beneficiary travel program for certain types of special disabilities rehabilitation. The conference agreement includes section 251 which requires VA to conduct annual in-spections of kitchens and food service areas of each medical facility, through the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations, with required remediation if necessary. The conference agreement includes section 252 which requires VA to conduct periodic in-spections of mold issues at VA medical fa-cilities through the Joint Commission on Ac-creditation of Hospital Organizations, along with required remediation if necessary. The conference agreement includes section 
253 reinstating the requirement for a report on the capacity of VA to provide for special-ized treatment and rehabilitative needs of disabled veterans. The conference agreement includes section 254 permitting the Secretary to use appro-priated funds to ensure particular ratios of veterans to full-time employment equiva-lents within any VA program of rehabilita-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.034 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4102 June 22, 2016 
The conference agreement includes section 255 indicating that no funds available in the Act may be used to deny the Inspector Gen-eral timely access to Department records and documents over which the Inspector General has responsibilities under the In-spector General Act of 1978. The conference agreement includes section 256 forbidding funds to be used to enter into a settlement that would restrict an individ-ual’s freedom to speak to Members of Con-gress or their staff. The conference agreement includes section 257 providing authority for the Veterans Health Administration to administer the Na-tional Veterans Sports Program. The conference agreement includes section 258 requiring certain data to be included in budget justifications for Major Construction projects. The conference agreement includes section 259 which authorizes 8 VA major construc-tion projects that were funded in fiscal year 2016. The conference agreement includes section 260 allowing the use of Medical Services funding for fertility treatment and adoption reimbursement for veterans and their spouses if the veteran has a service-con-nected disability that results in being unable to procreate without such fertility treat-ment. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall de-velop and publish implementing guidance within 120 days of enactment of this Act. The implementing guidance developed by the Secretary shall not be materially different from, and in no way more expansive than, the implementing guidance promulgated by the Department of Defense in the April 3, 2012 memorandum from the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense (Health Affairs) entitled ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severly Ill/In-jured (Category II or III) Active Duty Serv-ice Members’’. TITLE III—RELATED AGENCIES 
AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  The conference agreement includes $75,100,000 for Salaries and Expenses of the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC), as requested. The conferees appreciate and support the meaningful work of the ABMC to preserve commemorative and historical sites and to educate the public about the United States Armed Forces. The conferees further recog-nize the critical role that African Americans and other minorities played during World War II. The conferees urge the ABMC to partner with Department of Defense histo-rians to ensure that these servicemembers and support staff are properly recognized at ABMC sites. Further, the conferees direct the ABMC to appropriately incorporate the contributions of African Americans and other minorities into ABMC’s interpretive exhibits and on the ABMC website. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  The conference agreement includes such sums as necessary for the Foreign Currency Fluctuations Account. However, due to fa-vorable exchange rates, no funds are ex-pected to be required in fiscal year 2017. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  
VETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  The conference agreement includes $30,945,000 for Salaries and Expenses for the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, as requested. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL  
CEMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  The conference agreement includes $70,800,000 for Cemeterial Expenses, Army— Salaries and Expenses, as requested. Within that amount, up to $15,000,000 in funding is available until September 30, 2019. 
ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME TRUST FUND  The conference agreement includes a total of $64,300,000 for the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home (AFRH), as requested, but does not provide the funds in the manner re-quested. The agreement does not include the indefinite transfer of an estimated $22,000,000 in funds from the Department of Defense (DOD), Operations and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide Account, as requested. Instead, the conference agreement directs that $42,300,000 be derived from the Trust Fund and $22,000,000 be provided from the General Fund to support AFRH operations. Trust Fund Solvency.—The conferees are disappointed the Department of Defense did not include with the fiscal year 2017 budget request legislative proposals and administra-tive actions that can be taken under current law in order to achieve Trust Fund solvency in spite of clear direction to do so in the Ex-planatory Statement accompanying Public Law 114–113, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016. Both legislative and administra-tive actions are necessary to improve Trust Fund solvency, eliminate AFRH’s reliance on the General Fund, and maintain the high- quality services provided to AFRH residents. The conferees again direct DOD, working with AFRH, to take appropriate administra-tive action and to develop and submit pro-posed authorizing language with the fiscal year 2018 budget request that addresses the issue of Trust Fund solvency. In addition, AFRH is directed to regularly report to the Committees on efforts to stabilize the Trust Fund and to lease its property at the Wash-ington, D.C. facility. Study Findings and Proposals .—AFRH’s budget request notes that DOD has under-taken an in-depth study to develop mid-term and long-term plans to improve Trust Fund solvency. The study also includes an analysis of AFRH operations to include benchmarking and to identify potential leg-islative changes to revise AFRH’s funding model. The Committees request further in-formation from DOD regarding the study, in-cluding a report on its cost, scope of work, deliverables, and timeline, and requests a briefing on the findings and resulting pro-posals. The conferees are troubled that the study’s statement of work seems to be fo-cused on cuts to core AFRH operations as a means of achieving Trust Fund solvency. The conference agreement directs that AFRH and the Department of Defense sub-mit by October 1, 2016, a proposal that en-sures the long-term sustainability of the Trust Fund by replenishing the Trust Fund’s revenues, not by cutting core AFRH oper-ations. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS The conference agreement includes section 301 permitting funds to be provided to Ar-lington County, Virginia, for the relocation of a water main located on the Arlington Na-tional Cemetery property. The conference agreement includes section 302 allowing Arlington National Cemetery to deposit and use funds derived from conces-sions. TITLE IV—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  The conference agreement includes title IV, Overseas Contingency Operations, for military construction projects related to the Global War on Terrorism, the European Re-assurance Initiative and Counterterrorism Support that were requested by the Adminis-tration in the Fiscal Year 2017 Overseas Con-tingency Operations budget request. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY  The conference agreement includes $18,900,000 for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, as requested in the Fiscal Year 2017 Overseas Contingency Operations budget re-quest, for planning and design in support of the European Reassurance Initiative. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  
CORPS  The conference agreement includes $59,809,000 for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, as requested in the Fis-cal Year 2017 Overseas Contingency Oper-ations budget request, of which $21,400,000 is in support of the European Reassurance Ini-tiative and $38,409,000 is in support of Over-seas Contingency Operations. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIR FORCE  The conference agreement includes $88,291,000 for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, as requested in the Fiscal Year 2017 Overseas Contingency Operations budget re-quest, of which $68,280,000 is in support of the European Reassurance Initiative, $11,440,000 is in support of Overseas Contingency Oper-ations, and $8,571,000 is in support of counter-terrorism efforts. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE The conference agreement includes $5,000,000 for ‘‘Military Construction, De-fense-Wide’’, as requested in the Fiscal Year 2017 Overseas Contingency Operations budget request, for unspecified minor military con-struction for the Joint Staff in support of the European Reassurance Initiative. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  The conference agreement includes section 401 regarding emergency designation for the Overseas Contingency Operations accounts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.036 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4103 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.038 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 221 here EH22JN16.013emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEOVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
FY 2017 OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED 
NAVY 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ......... . 
AIR FORCE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN. 
DJIBOUTI 
NAVY 
CAMP LEMONIER 
MEDICAL/DENTAL FACILITY .................... . 
AIR FORCE 
CHABELLEY AIRFIELD 
ACCESS ROAD. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......... . 
PARKING APRON AND TAXIWAY ....................... , 
EUROPEAN REASSURANCE INITIATIVE 
BULGARIA 
AIR FORCE 
GRAF IGNATIEVO 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS/OPERATION ALERT 
FIGHTER RAMP EXTENSION .... 
UPGRADE MUNITIONS STORAGE. 
AIR FORCE 
AMARI AB 
BULK FUEL STORAGE. 
AIR FORCE 
SPANGDAHLEM AB ESTONIA 
GERMANY FACILITY ..... . 
HIGH CAPACITY TRIM PAD AND HUSH HOUSE ............ . F/A-22 
LOW OBSERVABLE/COMPOSITE REPAIR FACILITY .... . F/A-22 
UPGRADE 
I NFRASTRUCTURE/COMHUNICATIONS/ UTILITIES .......... . 
UPGRADE HARDENED AIRCRAFT SHELTERS FOR F/A-22 ...... . 
UPGRADE MUNITION STORAGE DOORS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
NAVY 
KEFLAVIK ICELAND 
P-BA AIRCRAFT RINSE FACILITY .... . 
P-BA HANGAR UPGRADE ........... . 
AIR FORCE 
SIAULIAI LITHUANIA 
MUNITIONS STORAGE ........... . 
AIR FORCE 
LASK AIR BASE POLAND 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY .................. . 
POWIDZ 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY ....................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1 '000 
940 
37,409 
3,600 
6,900 
3,800 
7,000 
2,600 
6,500 
1,000 
12,000 
t ,600 
2,700 
1 ,400 
5,000 
14,600 
3,000 
4,100 
4' 100 HOUSE 
1,000 
940 
37,409 
3,600 
6,900 
3,800 
7,000 
2,600 
6.500 
1,000 
12,000 
1,600 
2,700 
1,400 
5,000 
14.600 
3,000 
4,100 
4,100 SENATE CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
1. 000 
940 
37,409 
3,600 
6,900 
3,800 
7,000 
6,500 
18,000 
580 
2,700 
5,000 
14,600 
3,000 
4,100 
4,100 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4104 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.038 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 222 here EH22JN16.014emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEOVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
AIR FORCE 
CAMP TURZil ROMANIA 
MUNITIONS STORAGE AREA ............................ . 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY. . ............ . 
TWO-BAY HANGAR ..................................... . 
EXTEND PARKING APRONS .......................... . 
WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED 
ARMY 
PlANNING AND DESIGN. 
NAVY 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ....... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 
THE JOINT STAFF .... 
COUNTERTERRORISM SUPPORT 
WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED 
AIR FORCE 
PlANNING AND DESIGN ........................... . 
NOTE; FUNDING FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION WAS REQUESTED AND IS DISPLAYED 
IN TITLE IV. THE SENATE PROVIDED FUNDING FOR THESE 
PROJECTS IN TITLE I. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
3.000 3,400 
6,100 6,000 
18,900 
1 ,800 
5,000 
9,000 HOUSE SENATE 
3,000 3.400 
6,100 6,000 
18,900 
1,800 
5,000 
8.551 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
3,000 
3,400 
6,100 6,000 
18,900 
1,800 
5,000 
8,571 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4105 June 22, 2016 
TITLE V—GENERAL PROVISIONS The conference agreement includes section 501 prohibiting the obligation of funds in this Act beyond the current fiscal year unless ex-pressly so provided. The conference agreement includes section 502 prohibiting the use of the funds in this Act for programs, projects, or activities not in compliance with Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. The conference agreement includes section 503 encouraging all Departments to expand their use of ‘‘E Commerce.’’ The conference agreement includes section 504 specifying the congressional committees that are to receive all reports and notifica-tions. The conference agreement includes section 505 prohibiting the transfer of funds to any instrumentality of the United States Gov-ernment without authority from an appro-priations Act. The conference agreement includes section 506 prohibiting the use of funds for a project or program named for a serving Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. The conference agreement includes section 507 requiring all reports submitted to Con-gress to be posted on official web sites of the submitting agency. The conference agreement includes section 508 prohibiting the use of funds to establish or maintain a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography, except for law enforcement investigation, prosecution, or adjudication activities. The conference agreement includes section 509 prohibiting the use of funds for the pay-ment of first-class air travel by an employee of the executive branch. The conference agreement includes section 510 prohibiting the use of funds in this Act for any contract where the contractor has not complied with E-Verify requirements. The conference agreement includes section 511 prohibiting the use of funds in this Act by the Department of Defense or the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for the purchase or lease of a new vehicle except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. The conference agreement includes section 512 prohibiting the use of funds in this Act for the renovation, expansion, or construc-tion of any facility in the continental United States for the purpose of housing any indi-vidual who has been detained at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.038 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4106 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 225 here EH22JN16.015emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I · DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
Military Construction, Army ... 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. 
Military Construction, Air Force .............. . 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide .... . 
Total, Active components ............ . 
Military Construction, Army National Guard ............ 
Military Construction, Air National Guard. ........... 
Military Construction, Army Reserve ................... 
Military Construction, Navy Reserve ..... . . . . -. . . . . . 
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve .............. 
Total, Reserve components ......................... 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment 
Program ................................ ... ' . ' ... 
Department of Defense Base Closure Account ............ 
Total, Military Construction .... ....... 
Fam ly Hous ng Construction, Army ..................... 
Fam ly Hous ng Operation and Maintenance, Army ....... 
Fam ly Hous ng Construction, Navy and Marine Corps .... FY 2016 
Enacted 663,245 
1,669,239 1 '389' 185 2 
'242 '867 FY 2017 
Request 503,459 
1,027,763 1,481,058 2,056,091 House Senate 
503,459 532,359 
1 ,021 '580 1,087,572 
1,398,758 1,579,798 2,024,643 2,038,980 Conference Agreement 513,459 
1,021 ,580 
1,491,058 2,025,444 
--~-~~----------------------------------------------------------------
5,964,536 5,068,371 4,948,440 5,238,709 5,051,541 
197,237 232,930 232,930 232,930 232,930 
138,738 143,957 143,957 143,957 143,957 
113,595 68,230 68,230 68,230 68,230 
36,078 38,597 38,597 38,597 38,597 
65,021 188,950 188,950 188,950 188' 950 
••••••••••••-----••n••••••m• •••••••••••••• •••••••••••••• •••••••••••••• 
550,669 672,664 672,664 672,664 672,664 
135,000 177,932 177,932 177' 932 177' 932 
266,334 205,237 230,237 205,237 240,237 
~:~::========= ============== ============== ============== ============== 
6,916,539 6.124' 204 6,029,273 6,294,542 6,142,374 
============== ============== ==========~=== ======~======= ==~=~========= 
108,695 200,735 200,735 200,735 157,172 
375,611 325,995 325,995 325,995 325,995 
16,541 94,011 94,011 94,011 94,011 Conference vs Enacted -149,786 -647,659 +101,873 ·217,423 ·912,995 +35,693 +5,219 -45,365 +2,519 
+123,929 +121,995 +42,932 Conference vs Request +10,000 -6,183 +10,000 -30,647 -16,830 
-26,097 +35,000 
-774,165 +18,170 
+48,477 -43,563 
-49,616 +77,470 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4107 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 226 here EH22JN16.016emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Navy and 
Marine Corps. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Family Housing Construction, Air Force ............... , 
Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Air Force .. 
Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide Department 
of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund 
....................................... . 
Total, Family Housing ............ . 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
Military Construction, Army (Sec. 127) (rescission) ... 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (H. Sec. 
126) (rescission) ......................... . 
Defense Access Roads (Sec. 132) ................. . 
Military Construction, Air Force (Sec. 127) 
(rescission) ...................................... . 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide (Sec. 127) ( 
rescission) ....................................... . 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide -Planning and 
Oesi gn (Sec. 127) .................................. . 
Military Construction, Army (Sec. 125) .. , ........ ,., .. 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (Sec. 
125) .......... ' ...... ' ' ....... ' ................ ' ... . 
Military Construction, Army National Guard (Sec. 125). FY 2016 
Enacted 353,036 160,498 331,232 58,668 
1,404,281 -86,420 30,000 -46,400 -134' 000 
34,500 34,500 51,300 FY 2017 
Request 300,915 61,352 274,429 59,157 3,258 
1,319,852 ---------------------House 
300,915 61,352 274,429 59,157 3,258 
1,319,852 -25,000 -51,848 ------
-37,377 40,500 293,600 67,500 Senate 
300,915 61 '352 
274,429 59' 157 
3,258 
1 '319, 852 
-30,000 ---
-22,340 -132,283 40,500 143.000 16,500 Conference Agreement 300,915 61,352 274,429 59,157 3,258 
1,276,289 -29,602 ---
-51,460 -141 ,600 -30,000 40,500 227,099 67,500 Conference vs Enacted -52.121 -99,146 -56,803 +489 
+3,258 
-127,992 Conference vs Request -43,563 
~~~=~=~~====== =============~ 
+56,818 -30,000 -5,060 -7,600 -30,000 +6,000 
+192,599 +16,200 ·29,602 -51 ,460 
-141,600 -30,000 +40,500 +227,099 +67,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4108 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 227 here EH22JN16.017emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Military Construction, Army Reserve (Sec. 125) ... 
NATO Security Investment Program (Sec. 127) ( 
rescission) .................................. . 
42 USC 3374 (Sec. 128) ...................... . 
Military Construction, Air Force (Sec. 125) .... . 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide (S. Sec. 125). 
Military Construction, Air National Guard (Sec. 125). 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (Sec. 
126) ......... '.' ................. '. ' .... ' .... ''. 
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve ......... .. 
Family Housing, Army (S. Sec. 125) ................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 34,200 
-105,000 21,000 ---
6,100 10,400 FY 2017 
Request ---------------House 
86,500 -30,000 -25,000 26,000 ------Senate 30,000 -15,000 ---
195,465 64,364 11,000 ---
14,400 Conference Agreement 30,000 -30,000 -25,000 149,500 ---
11 ,000 
89,400 ---
============== ============== ============== ========:~==:= =~============ 
Total. Administrative Provisions ................. . -149,820 ---344,875 315,606 307,337 
Appropriations ....... . (222,000) ---(514, 100) (515,229) (614,999) 
Rescissions ............ . ( -371 ,820) ---(-169,225) ( -199' 623) (-307,662) 
General Provisions 
Arlington Cemetery Defense Access Road (FY 2016) (S. Sec. 
1 30) . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
.................. . 30,000 Conference vs Enacted -4,200 -30,000 +80,000 +128,500 ---
+4,900 +89,400 -10,400 Conference vs Request +30,000 -30,000 -25,000 +149,500 ---
+11 ,000 +89,400 
============== ============== 
+457' 157 +307 ,337 (+392,999) 
(+614,999) 
(+64, 158) ( -307 ,662) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4109 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 228 here EH22JN16.018emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
(FY 2016, rescission) (S. Sec. 130). 
Total, General Provisions ........ . 
Total, title I. Department of Defense ...... . 
Appropri at i ens ......................... . 
Rescissions .............................. . TITLE 
II -DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
Veterans Benefits Administration 
Compensation and pensions: 
Advance from prior year .. 
Current year request ....... . 
Subtotal, current year .. 
Advance appropriation, FY 201 B ................... . 
Readjustment benefits: 
Advance from prior year ................. . 
Current year request. 
Subtotal ... FY 2016 
Enacted FY 2017 
Request House Senate 
-30.000 Conference Agreement 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
8,171,000 (9,542,820) (-371,820) 7,444,056 (7,444,056) 7 ,694', 000 
(7,863,225) (-169.225) 7,930,000 (8,129, 623) ( 
-199, 623) 7,726,000 (8,033,662) (-307,662) 
============== ============== ============~~ ~~~==~~=~===== ============== 
( 86' 083. 128) ( 86 '083. 128) (86 ,083,128) (86,083,128) 
76' 865' 545 ------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------
76,865,545 86,083., 2.8 86,063,128 86,083,128 66' 063. 128 
86.083' 128 90,119,449 90,119,449 90,119,449 90,119,449. 
( 1 6' 340 '828) (16,340,828) (16,340,828) (16,340,828) 
14,313,357 ---------
------------------------------.--~~~----------~~-----------------------
14,313,357 16,340,828 16,340,626 16,340,828 16,340,828 Conference vs Enacted 
-445,000 ( -509' 158) 
(+64,158) 
(+86. 083' 1 28) 
-76,865,545 Conference vs Request 
+281,944 (+589,606) ( -307 '662) 
-----
-------
-- ----------~ -~ -
+9,217,583 +4,036,32.1 
(+16,340,828) -14,313,357 ----------------------------+2,027,471 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4110 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 229 here EH22JN16.019emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018 ................... . 
Veterans insurance and indemnities: 
Advance from prior year .. 
Current year request ............... . 
Subtotal. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018. 
Veterans housing benefit program fund: 
(indefinite) ....................... . 
(Limitation on direct loans) ... . 
Administrative expenses .......................... . 
Vocational rehabilitation loans program account .. 
(Limitation on direct loans) ................ . 
Administrative expenses .......................... . 
Native American veteran housing loan program account. 
General operating expenses, V8A .................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
16,340,828 77' 160 
77' 160 
91 '920 (500) 
164,558 31 
(2,952) 367 1 '134 
2,707,734 FY 2017 
Request 
13,708,648 (91,920) 16,605 108,525 107,899 (500) 
198,856 36 
(2 ,517) 389 1 '163 
2' 826' 160 House 
13,708,648 (91 ,920) 
16,605 108,525 107,899 (500) 
167,612 36 
(2,517) 389 
1' 163 
2,826,160 Senate 
13,708,648 (91 ,920) 
16,605 108,525 107,899 (500) 
198,856 36 
(2,517) 389 
1 '163 
2,856,160 Conference Agreement 
13,708,648 (91 .920) 
16,605 108,525 107,899 (500) 
198,856 36 
(2,517) 389 1 '163 
2,856,160 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
Total, Veterans Benefits Administration .. .. 
Appropriations ............................. . Advance 
appropriations, FY 2018 .... . Advances from 
prior year appropriations. 196,645,762 (94, 129,886) 
(102,515,876) 106,979,205 (3,043,209) 
(103' 935 '996) 106,947,961 (3,011,965) 
(1 03' 935' 996) 107,009,205 (3,073,209) 
(103,935,996) 107,009,205 (3,073,209) 
(103,935,996) 
(102,515,876) (102,515,876) (102,515,876) (102,515,876) Conference vs Enacted 
-2' 632.180 (~91,920) -60,555 ~31 ,365 
+15,979 +34,298 +5 
[ -435) +22 +29 
+148,426 
-89,636,557 (-91 ,056,677) 
(+1 '420, 120) 
(+102,515,876) Conference vs Request +30,000 +30,000 (+30,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4111 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 230 here EH22JN16.020emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted FY 2017 
Request House Senate 
Veterans Health Administration 
Medical services: 
Advance from prior year. 
Current year request. ............. ..... ' .......... ' (47,603,202) 2 ,369,158 (51 ,673,000) (51 ,673,000) (51,673,000) 
1.078,993 864,000 1,078,993 Conference Agreement 
(51.673,000) 1,078,993 
------w---~-•• •••••••••••••• ••••oO••••••••• •••••••••••••• •••••••••-~--• 
Subtotal .. ' ... ' .. ' ........... 49,972,360 52,751,993 52,537,000 52,751,993 52,751,993 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018 ............. . 51.673,000 44,886,554 44,886,554 44,886,554 44,886,554 
Medical community care: 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018. . . . . . . ....... . 9' 409' 118 9 ,409,118 9,409,118 9,409, 118 
Transfer from medical care accounts ........ . (7,246,181) ( 7 , 246, 1 81 ) ··----
Current year request .. 7,246,181 7,246,181 
-------------- ---------------------------------------------------~----
Subtotal ........ . 16,655,299 16,655,299 16,655,299 16,655,299 
Medical support and compliance: 
Advance from prior year ............... . (6, 144,000) (6,524,000) (6,524,000) (6,524,000) (6,524,000) 
Current year request .................. . 
Subtotal ............. . 6' 144' 000 6,524,000 6,524,000 6,524,000 6,524,000 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018 ................... . 6,524,000 6,654,480 6,654,480 6,654,480 6,654,480 Conference vs Enacted 
(+4,069,798) -1,290' 165 
+2,779,633 -6,786,446 +9,409' 118 
+7 ,246,181 
+16,655,299 (+380,000) +380,000 +130,480 Conference vs Request 
( -7 ' 246 ' 181 ) 
+7 ,246,181 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4112 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 231 here EH22JN16.021emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Medical facilities: 
Advance from prior year .... 
Current year request .. DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FV 2016 
Enacted 
(4,915,000) 
105,132 FY 2017 
Request 
(5,074,000) 
649,000 House Senate 
(5,074,000) (5,074,000) 
--- 495,100 Conference 
Agreement 
(5,074,000) 
247,668 
-------------- -·------------ ~--------M·--- -------------- --------------
Subtotal ................. . Advance 
appropriation, FY 2018 .. 
Medical and prosthetic research. 
Medical care cost recovery collections: 
Offsetting collections ............. . 
Appropriations (indefinite) .. 
Suototal ............... . 
OoD-VA Joint Medical Funds (transfers out) ............ 
DoD-VA Joint Medical Funds (by transfer) .............. 
DoD-VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund (Transfer 
out) ......................................... -.. '.' 
DoD-VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund (oy 
transfer) ........................................... 
Total, Veterans Health Administration ........... 
Appropriations ................. . . . . . . . . 
(By transfer). -....................... 
Advance appropriations, FY 2018 ... .... 5,020' 132 
5,074,000 
630,735 
-2,445,000 
2,445,000 
(-286,000) 
(286,000) 
( -15 ,000) 
(15,000) 5,723,000 
5,434,880 
663,366 
-2,637,000 
2,637,000 
( -274,731) 
(274.731) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 5,074,000 
5,434,880 
663,366 
-2,637.000 
2,637,000 
( -274,731) 
(274,731) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 5' 569' 100 
5,434,880 
675,366 
-2,637,000 
2,637,000 
(-274,731) 
(274,731) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 5,321,668 
5,434,880 
675,366 
-2,637,000 
2,637,000 
(-274,731) 
(274. 731) ( 
-15,000) 
( 15 ,000) 
=~============ ============== ============== ============== ============== 
66,376,025 68,776' 391 67,912,398 75,880,672 75,633,240 
(3,105,025) (2,391,359) (1 '527. 366) (9,495,640) (9,248,208) 
(301,000) (7,535,912) (7,535,912) (289,731) (289 ,731) 
(63 '271 '000) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) Conference 
vs Enacted 
(+159,000) 
+142,536 
+301 ,536 
+360,880 
+44,631 
-192,000 
+192,000 
(+11,269) 
(-11,269) 
+9,257,215 
( +6. 143 ' 1 83) ( -11 ,269) 
(+3,114,032) Conference 
vs Request 
-401,332 -401,332 
+12,000 
+6,856,849 
(+6,856,849) 
(-7,246,181) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4113 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 232 here EH22JN16.022emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEAdvances from prior year appropriations. DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 
(58,662,202) FY 2017 
Request 
(63,271 ,000) House Senate 
(63.271.000) (63,271 .000) Conference Agreement 
(63,271 ,000) 
~~~~~~~~~~~=== ============== =====~=~=====~ ~=====~======= =~~:===~=~~:~: 
National Cemetery Administration 
Nat i anal Cemetery Admi ni strati on ............. . 
Departmental Administration 
General admi ni strati on ....................... . Board 
of Veterans Appea 1 s. . . . . ................... . 
Information technology systems ....... . 
Office of Inspector General . . . . . . . . . . . ............. . 
Construction, major projects ......... . 
Construction, minor projects......... . ....... . 
Grants for construction of State extended care 
facilities ......... . 
Grants for the construction of veterans cemeteries .... 
Total, Departmental Admi ni strati on ....... . 
Administrative Provisions 
Section 226 (FY16) Medical 
services .. . 
(Rescission) ...... . 271,220 286,193 271,220 286,193 
286,193 
336,659 417,959 316,159 417,959 345' 391 
109,884 156,096 156,096 156,096 156,096 
4' 133' 363 4,278,259 4,225,869 4,278,259 4,278,259 
136,766 160,106 160,106 160,106 160,106 
1,243,800 528,110 528,110 528' 110 528' 110 
406,200 372,069 372,069 372 '069 372,069 
120,000 80,000 80,000 90,000 90,000 
46,000 45,000 45,000 45' 000 45,000 
=====:======== ============== =============~ ============== ~============= 
6,532,672 1 ,400,000 
-1,400,000 6,037,599 5,863,409 6,047,599 5,975,031 Conference vs Enacted 
(+4,608,798) +14,973 +8,732 +46,212 +144,896 +23,340 -715,690 -34' 131 
-30,000 -1,000 Conference vs Request -72,568 +10,000 
============== ============== 
-557,641 
-1,400,000 +1,400,000 -62,568 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4114 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 233 here EH22JN16.023emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Medical support and compliance. . . . . . . . . ........... . 
(Rescission) ........... . Medical 
facilities.................. . .......... . 
(Rescission).. . . . . . . . . ..... 
JIF rescission (Sec. 235) ..... . 
General rescission (Sec. 236) .. 
General reduction (Sec. 237) ... 
Medical Services (Sec. 217) (rescission) ............. . 
Total. Administrative Provisions ... FY 2016 
Enacted 100,000 -100,000 250' 000 -250,000 ·30,000 -30,000 FY 2017 
Request House 
-30,000 -337,382 -46,618 -414,000 Senate 
-52,000 
-7,246,181 -7,298,181 Conference Agreement -40,000 -169' 000 
-23,000 
-7,246,181 -7,478,181 
============== =========;=~;; ;;;=~;;;;:==== ==~=========== ============== 
Total, title II .......... ...................... 269,795,679 182,079,388 180,600,988 181,925,488 181,425,488 
Appropriations ...... '' ' .... ' ...... ' .. ' ... ( 105 '788 ,803) (11,758,360) (10, 647' 342) (11 ,656,460) (11 ,313,460) 
Rescissions ......... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...... (-1,780,000) ---(-367,382) (-52,000) ( -209 '000) 
(By transfer) ............................... (301 ,000) (7,535,912) (7,535,912) (289,731) (289 '731) 
Advance Appropriations, FY 2018: 
Mandatory ......................... .... ' ( 102' 515 '876) ( 103' 935 '996) ( 103' 935, 996) ( 103' 935' 996) (103,935,996) 
Discretionary ..................... .... (63,271 ,000) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) 
Advances from prior year appropriations: 
Mandatory ........ , ........................ , ... ---(102,515,876) (102,515,876) (102,515,876) ( 102' 515 '876) 
Discretionary ....... ............ ' .. '. '' ..... (58,662,202) (63,271 ,000) (63,271,000) (63,271 ,000) (63,271 ,000) 
(Limitation on direct loans) ............. , ...... (3,452) (3,017) (3,017) (3,017) {3,017) 
Discretionary ................................... (76,023,741) (78,126,787) {76,646,387) (77,972,887) (77,472,887) Conference vs Enacted 
-100,000 +100,000 -250,000 +250,000 ·10,000 -169,000 -23,000 
-7,246,181 -7,448,181 -88,370' 191 
(-94,475,343) ( .. 1 '571 '000) 
( -11 '269) 
(+1 ,420, 120) 
("'3,114,032) 
("'102,515,876) ("'4,608,798) (-435) 
("'1, 449, 146) Conference vs Request -40,000 -169,000 -23,000 
-7' 246,181 
-7,478,181 -653,900 (-444,900) { -209 '000) 
(-7,246,181) ( -653 '900) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4115 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 234 here EH22JN16.024emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Advances from prior year less FY 2018 advances 
Net discretionary ...... , .... , .... ..... ' 
Mandatory .............. , ........................ FY 2016 
Enacted 
(-4,608,798) FY 2017 
Request 
(-3,114,032) House 
(-3' 114' 032) Senate 
(-3,114,032) Conference Agreement ( -3, 114.032) 
---~----~-------------------------------------------------------------
( 71 '414' 943) (75,012,755) (73,534,355) (74,858,855) (74,358,855) 
(193, 771 ,938) (103,952,601) (103,952.601) (103,952,601) ( 103 '952' 601 ) Advances from 
prior year less FY 2018 advances (-102,515,876) (-1,420,120) ( -1 ' 420 ' 
1 20 ) ( -1 '420' 120) ( -1 '420' 120) 
Net mandatory .......... ..... ' ...... ' 
Total mandatory and discretionary .... , .. 
TITLE III -RELATED AGENCIES 
American Battle Monuments Commission 
Salaries and expenses ....... . 
Foreign currency fluctuations account. 
Total, American Battle Monuments Commission ... 
U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims 
Salaries and expenses ... ----------------------------------------------------------~-----------
(91 '256' 062) ( 
1 02' 532 ' 481 ) (102,532,481) ( 1 02' 532. 481 ) (102,532,481) 
--------------------------------------------~-------------------------
162,671,005 177,545,236 176,066,836 177' 391 '336 176,891,336 
~=========~~~~ ~=========~~== ============== ============== ======~~~=~=== 
105,100 2,000 
107' 100 
32,141 75,100 75,100 
75,100 75,100 
30,945 30,945 75,100 75,100 
75,100 75,100 
30,945 30,945 Conference vs Enacted 
(+1 ,494,766) Conference vs Request 
----------------------------
(+2,943,912) (-653,900) 
(-89,819,337) (+101,095,756) ----------------------------
(+11 ,276,419) 
----------------------------
+14,220,331 -653,900 
============== ============== 
-30,000 -2,000 -32,000 -1 '196 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4116 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 235 here EH22JN16.025emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense -Civil 
Cemeterial Expenses, Army 
Salaries and expenses. 
Armed Forces Retirement Home -Trust Fund 
Operation and maintenance .. 
Capital program .............................. . 
Payment from General Fund ...................... . 
Total, Armed Forces Retirement Home ..... . 
Total, title III.. DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974. H.R. 2577) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 79,516 43,300 1 ,000 
20,000 FY 2017 
Request 70,800 63 '300 1,000 House Senate 
70.800 70,800 
41 ,300 41,300 
1,000 , ,000 
22,000 22,000 Conference Agreement 70,800 41,300 1,000 22,000 
----------------------------------~---------------------
64,300 64,300 64,300 64,300 64,300 
283,057 241 '145 241 '145 241 '145 241 '145 
TITLE IV -OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Overseas Contingency Operations 
Navy ....................... -········· · · · · · · · · · 
Air Force. . .............. -· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 
Subtotal ............... . 38,409 11,440 49' 849 38,409 11 '440 
49,849 38,409 11,440 49,849 Conference vs Enacted -8,716 -2,000 ---
+2,000 Conference vs Request -22,000 ---
+22,000 
----------------------------
-41 ,912 
+38,409 +11 ,440 
+49,849 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4117 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 236 here EH22JN16.026emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEEuropean Reassurance Initiative 
Army .. 
Navy ..... . 
Air Force. 
Defense-Wide ..... 
Subtotal ..... . 
Counterterrorism Support 
Air Force. DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted FY 2017 
Request 18,900 21,400 68.300 5,000 
113,600 9,000 House 
18,900 21,400 68,300 5,000 
113,600 8, 551 Senate ---Conference Agreement 18,900 21,400 68,280 5,000 
113' 580 
8,571 
============== ==========:==~ ========~;==== ============== ============== 
Total, title IV. 172 '449 172,000 ---172,000 
============== ============== ============~= :============= ============== 
Grand total. 278,249,736 189,937,038 188 ' 708 ' 
1 33 190,096,633 189,564,633 
Appropriations ............................. . (114,614,680) (19,443,561) (18,751,712) (20,027,228) ( 19' 588' 267) 
Rescissions ........................... . ( -2,151 ,820) ---( -536, 607) (-251 ,623) (-516,662) 
Advance appropriations, FY 2018 ............ . (165,786,876) (170,321 ,028) (170,321 ,028) (170,321,028) (170,321,028) 
Overseas contingency operations ....... . (172,449) (172,000) ---( 172' 000) 
Advances from prior year appropriations ... (58.662,202) (165, 786 ,876) ( 165' 786' 876) (165, 786, 876) (165,786,876) Conference vs Enacted +18,900 +21,400 +68,280 +5,000 
+113,580 +8,571 Conference vs Request -20 -20 -429 
============== =======~====== 
+172 '000 -449 
============== ============== 
-88,685,103 -372,405 
(-95,026,413) (+144,706) 
(+1,635,158) ( -516' 662) 
(+4,534,152) --· 
(+172,000) (-449) 
(+107' 124,674) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4118 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 237 here EH22JN16.027emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE(By transfer) ... . 
(Transfer out) ... . 
(Limitation on direct 1oans). DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 
(301 ,000) 
( -301 ,000) 
(3' 452) FY 2017 
Request 
(7,535,912) (-289,731) (3,017) House 
(7,535,912) ( -289,731) (3,017) Senate 
(289,731) ( -289,731) (3,017) Conference Agreement (289,731) ( -289,731) (3,017) Conference vs Enacted 
( -11 '269) 
( +1 1 ,269) ( -435) Conference vs Request 
( -7' 246' 181 ) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4119 June 22, 2016 
DIVISION B—ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS The conference agreement includes $1,108,094,000 in fiscal year 2016 appropria-tions for Zika response and preparedness. These funds will provide the Department of Health and Human Services and Department of State, and the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, with additional re-sources to combat the Zika virus. In addi-tion, the conference agreement includes a re-scission of $10,000,000 from unobligated bal-ances of Ebola response and preparedness funds under Operating Expenses of the U.S. Agency for International Development. Within the funds provided for Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the conferees intend a robust level of funding to support mosquito control efforts conducted by State, county, or municipal programs, in-cluding mosquito control districts. CDC should consider the risk of active or local transmission of the Zika virus when allo-cating such funds. The conferees also encour-age the Secretary to update the Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System to ac-count for specific coding requirements and adequate reimbursement rates for Zika diag-nostic tests recognized by the Food and Drug Administration. A table displaying additional detail for the funding in division B follows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4120 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 239 here EH22JN16.028emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B: ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
Food and Drug Administration 
Salaries and Expenses (emergency) .................... . 
TITLE I 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
Health Resources and Services Administration 
Primary Health Care (emergency) ......... , ............ . Health Workforce (emergency) 
......................... . Maternal 
and Child Health (emergency) ................ . 
Total, Health Resources and Services ........... . FY 2016 
Request 10,000 House Senate 
40,000 6,000 5,000 51,000 Conference Conference vs. Request ·10,000 
Zika 
Conf BA (byhs+diff)SOM -Filters: I Zika Virus Supplemental 2016 6/22/2016 5:37 PM Page: 1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4121 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 240 here EH22JN16.029emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B: ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support .............. . 
(emergency) ..... , ................................ . 
Subtotal, CDC-Wide activities and programs ..... . National 
Institutes of Health National 
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
(emergency) ............ , ... , , , .. , . , ............... . 
Office of the Secretary 
Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund 
(emergency) 1/ .................................... . FY 2016 
Request 828,000 828,000 130,000 295,000 House Senate 170,000 449,000 170,000 449,000 230,000 200,000 103,000 150,000 Conference 476,000 476,000 230,000 227,000 Conference vs. Request 
-352,000 ·352,000 +100,000 -68,000 
Zika Conf BA (byhs+diff}SOM · Filters: I Zika Virus Supplemental 2016 6/22/2016 5:37 PM Page: 2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4122 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 241 here EH22JN16.030emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
DIVISION B: ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
(Amounts in Thousands) General 
Provisions 
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services: Emergency 
Increase in Territorial Medicaid FMAP (CBD 
estimate)2/ ........................................ . Total , 
Title I ................................. . 
TITLE II 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
Administration of Foreign Affairs 
Diplomatic and Consular Programs (emergency) .......... 
Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service 
(emergency) ......................................... 
Repatriation Loans Program Account, Direct loans 
subsidy (emergency) ................................. 
Zika Conf BA (byhs+diff)SOM • Filters: I FY 2016 
Request 
157,000 House 
============== ============== 1,410,000 
503,000 
Senate ============== 850,000 Conference 
----------------------------933,000 Conference vs. Request 
-157,000 
============== -477,000 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
14,594 9,100 14,594 14,594 
4,000 ... 4,000 4,000 1,000 
--- 1,000 1 ,000 
Zika Virus Supplemental 2016 6/22/2016 5:37 PM Page: 3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4123 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 242 here EH22JN16.031emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B: ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Operating Expenses, USAID (emergency) ................ . 
BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Global Health Programs ............................... . (emergency) 
...................................... . 
Subtotal, Global health programs ............... . 
International Security Assistance 
Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Oemining, and 
Related Programs (emergency) ....................... . 
Multilateral Assistance 
International Organizations and Programs (emergency) .. FY 2016 
Request 10,000 325,000 325,000 8,000 13,500 House 
10,000 100,000 100,000 Senate 10,000 211,000 211,000 4,000 13,500 Conference 10,000 145,500 145,500 Conference vs. Request 
·179,500 -179,500 -8,000 ·13,500 
Zika Conf 
BA (byhs+diff)SOM -Filters: I Zika Virus Supplemental 2016 6/22/2016 5:37 PM Page: 4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4124 June 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.039 H22JNPT1
Insert offset folio 243 here EH22JN16.032emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B: ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
(Amounts in Thousands) General 
Provisions--This Title 
USAID Operating expenses (rescission) (emergency) .... . 
Total, Title II ................................ . 
GENERAL PROVISIONS -THIS ACT 
Unobligated balances (Public Law 113-235) (rescission} 
(emergency) ....................................... . Nonrecurring expenses fund 
unobligated balances 
(Public Law 110-161) (rescission) ................. . 
Total, General Provisions .. , ................... . 
GRAND TOTAL .......................................... . 
Appropriations ................................... . Emergency 
appropriations ......................... . 
Rescissions ...................................... . 
Rescissions of Emergency funding ................. . 
1/ Includes $46M for Primary Health Services in Puerto 
Rico and other territories, of which $6M is used for 
the National Health Service Corps 
2/ OMB estimate is $246M. FMAP is Federal Medical 
Assistance Percentage 
Zika Conf BA (byhs+diff)SOM -Filters: I FY 2016 
Request House Senate -10,000 Conference -10,000 Conference vs. Request -10,000 
============== ===========;== ============== ----------------------------============== 
376,094 119,100 248,094 165,094 -211 1000 
============== ============== ============== ============== ==~=========== 
-352,100 -270,000 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
-622. 100 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
1,796,094 (1,796,094) (270,000) (352,100) ( -622' 100) (-352,100) 
Zika 
Virus Supplemental 2016 1,098,094 ( 1 . 1 08' 094) 
( -10 '000) 1,098,094 (1,108,094) ( -10 ,000) -698,000 (-688,000) (·10,000) 
6/22/2016 5:37 PM Page: 5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4125 June 22, 2016 
DIVISION C—ZIKA VECTOR CONTROL ACT The conference agreement includes the ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act’’ as division C. DIVISION D—RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS The conference agreement includes $750,000,000 in budgetary savings for fiscal year 2016, as follows: ∑$543,000,000 are rescinded from amounts available under section 1323(c)(1) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; ∑$100,000,000 are rescinded from the Non- recurring expenses fund of the Department of Health and Human Services; and ∑$107,000,000 are rescinded from the unob-ligated balances of Ebola response and pre-paredness funds under the Economic Support Fund heading. H
AROLD ROGERS , T
OMCOLE, K
AYGRANGER , C
HARLES W. D ENT, J
EFFFORTENBERRY , T
HOMAS J. R OONEY , M
ARTHA ROBY, D
AVID G. V ALADAO , Managers on the Part of the House. T
HADCOCHRAN , M
ARKKIRK, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , L
ISAMURKOWSKI , J
OHNHOEVEN , S
USAN COLLINS , J
OHNBOOZMAN , S
HELLEY MOORE CAPITO , R
OYBLUNT , L
INDSEY GRAHAM , Managers on the Part of the Senate. f 
DISAPPROVING DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RULE RELATED TO DEFI-NITION OF THE TERM ‘‘FIDU-CIARY’’—VETO MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the order of the House of June 8, 2016, the unfinished business is the further con-sideration of the veto message of the President on joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the House, on reconsideration, pass the joint resolution, the objections of the President to the contrary notwith-standing? (For veto message, see proceedings of the House of June 8, 2016, at page H3537.) The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE) is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with the American people today and protect access to af-fordable retirement advice by voting to override the President’s veto. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question. The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on or-dering the previous question will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passing the joint resolution, the objections of the President to the contrary notwith-standing. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 175, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 28, as follows: [Roll No. 337] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Blumenauer Foster 
NOT VOTING—28 
Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Clawson (FL) Cuellar Farr Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Granger Herrera Beutler Joyce Kirkpatrick Love Marino McCaul Paulsen Polis Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Sherman Shimkus Shuster Speier Takai Walz Westmoreland Whitfield 
b2221 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The question is, Will the House, on reconsideration, pass the joint resolution, the objections of the President to the contrary notwith-standing? Under the Constitution, the vote must be by the yeas and nays. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 239, nays 180, not voting 15, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUNE2016\H22JN6.REC H22JN6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4126 June 22, 2016 
[Roll No. 338] YEAS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Beyer Clawson (FL) Farr Fattah Fincher Herrera Beutler Marino Polis Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Speier Takai Walz Westmoreland Whitfield 
b2230 So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the veto of the President was sustained and the joint resolution was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, in the confu-sion that marked this night, I did not hear the second vote (rollcall 338) and missed the vote. I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 338. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The veto message and the joint resolution are referred to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. The Clerk will notify the Senate of the action of the House. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b0058 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 12 o’clock and 58 minutes a.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4768, SEPARATION OF POW-ERS RESTORATION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 23, 2016, THROUGH JULY 4, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–641) on the resolution (H. Res. 796) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpreta-tions of statutory and regulatory pro-visions; providing for proceedings dur-ing the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PE-RIOD FROM JUNE 23, 2016, THROUGH JULY 4, 2016; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–642) on the resolution (H. Res. 797) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Sessions moves that when the House adjourns on the legislative day of Wednes-day, June 22, 2016, it adjourn to meet at 2:30 a.m. on Thursday, June 23, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.004 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4127 June 22, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The mo-tion is not debatable. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 166, not voting 34, as follows: 
[Roll No. 339] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—166 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—34 
Ashford Bost Clawson (FL) Clay Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio Fattah Fincher Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Herrera Beutler Higgins Hinojosa Jones Kirkpatrick Lynch Marino McDermott Miller (MI) Pallone Pitts Polis Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Speier Takai Thornberry Vela Walz Westmoreland Whitfield Young (AK) 
b0117 So the motion to fix next convening time was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 173, not voting 27, as follows: [Roll No. 340] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN7.028 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4128 June 22, 2016 
Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—27 
Clawson (FL) Clay Davis, Danny Fattah Fincher Grayson Herrera Beutler Higgins Hinojosa Jones Kirkpatrick Marino McDermott Miller (MI) Pallone Pitts Polis Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Speier Takai Thornberry Vela Walz Westmoreland Whitfield Young (AK) 
b0133 So the motion to adjourn was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 34 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thurs-day, June 23, 2016, at 2:30 a.m. 
f 
NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING 
U.S. C ONGRESS , O
FFICE OF COMPLIANCE , Washington, DC, June 22, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : Section 304(b)(3) of the Congressional Accountability Act (‘‘CAA’’), 2 U.S.C. §1384(b)(3), requires that, with regard to substantive regulations under the CAA, after the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance (‘‘Board’’) has published a gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking as re-quired by subsection (b)(1), and received comments as required by subsection (b)(2), ‘‘the Board shall adopt regulations and shall transmit notice of such action together with a copy of such regulations to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate for publica-tion in the Congressional Record on the first day on which both Houses are in session fol-lowing such transmittal.’’ The Board has adopted the regulations in the Notice of Adoption of Substantive Regu-lations and Transmittal for Congressional Approval which accompany this transmittal letter. The Board requests that the accom-panying Notice be published in the House version of the Congressional Record on the first day on which both Houses are in session following receipt of this transmittal. The Board has adopted the same regula-tions for the Senate, the House of Represent-atives, and the other covered entities and fa-cilities, and therefore recommends that the adopted regulations be approved by concur-rent resolution of the Congress. All inquiries regarding this notice should be addressed to Barbara J. Sapin, Executive Director of the Office of Compliance, Room LA–200, 110 2nd Street, SE, Washington, DC 20540; (202) 724–9250. Sincerely, BARBARA L. C AMENS , Chair of the Board of Directors, Office of Compliance. F
ROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE  O
FFICE OF COMPLIANCE  
NOTICE OF ADOPTION OF REGULATIONS AND  
TRANSMITTAL FOR CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL  Modifications to the rights and protections under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), Notice of Adoption of Regulations, as required by 2 U.S.C. § 1384, Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, as amended (CAA). Background The purpose of this Notice is to announce adoption of modifications to the existing leg-islative branch FMLA substantive regula-tions under section 202 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. §1302 et seq.), which applies to covered em-ployees the rights and protections of sec-tions 101 through 105 of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §§2611 through 2615), and such remedies as would be appropriate if awarded under para-graph (1) of section 107(a) of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §2617(a)(1)). These modifications are necessary in order to bring previously ap-proved existing legislative branch FMLA regulations (approved by Congress April 15, 1996) in line with current Department of Labor (DOL) regulations implementing re-cent statutory changes to the FMLA, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq. What is the authority under the CAA for these adopted substantive regulations? Section 202(a) of the CAA provides that the rights and protections established by sec-tions 101 through 105, and remedies under section 107(a)(1) of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §§2611–2615) shall apply to covered employ-ees. Section 202(d)(1) and (2) of the CAA require that the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board), pursuant to section 1384 of the CAA, issue regulations imple-menting the rights and protections of the FMLA and that those regulations shall be ‘‘the same as substantive regulations pro-mulgated by the Secretary of Labor to im-plement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA] except insofar as the Board may determine, for good cause shown . . . that a modifica-tion of such regulations would be more effec-tive for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section.’’ The modi-fications to the regulations issued by the Board herein are all on matters for which section 202 of the CAA requires regulations to be issued. Are there FMLA regulations currently in ef-fect? Yes. On January 22, 1996, the OOC Board adopted and submitted for publication in the Congressional Record the original FMLA final regulations implementing section 202 of the CAA, which applies certain rights and protections of the FMLA. On April 15, 1996, pursuant to section 304(c) of the CAA, the House and the Senate passed resolutions ap-proving the final regulations. Specifically, the Senate passed S. Res. 242, providing for approval of the final regulations applicable to the Senate and the employees of the Sen-ate; the House passed H. Res. 400 providing for approval of the final regulations applica-ble to the House and the employees of the House; and the House and the Senate passed S. Con. Res. 51, providing for approval of the final regulations applicable to employing of-fices and employees other than those offices and employees of the House and the Senate. Once approved by Congress, these regula-tions would supersede and replace the cur-rent substantive Board FMLA regulations from 1996. What does the FMLA provide? The FMLA entitles eligible employees of covered employers to take job-protected, un-paid leave, or to substitute appropriate ac-crued paid leave, for up to a total of 12 work-weeks in a 12-month period: for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter and to care for the newborn child; for the placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adop-tion or foster care; to care for the employee’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a seri-ous health condition; when the employee is unable to work due to the employee’s own serious health condition; or for any quali-fying exigency arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or par-ent is a military member on covered active duty (‘‘qualifying exigency leave’’). An eligi-ble employee may also take up to 26 work-weeks of FMLA leave during a ‘‘single 12– month period’’ to care for a covered service-member with a serious injury or illness, when the employee is the spouse, son, daugh-ter, parent, or next of kin of the servicemem-ber. FMLA leave may be taken in a block or, under certain circumstances, intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule basis. In addi-tion to providing job-protected family and medical leave, employers must also maintain any preexisting group health plan coverage for an employee on FMLA-protected leave under the same conditions that would apply if the employee had not taken leave. 2 U.S.C. §1312(a)(1) (incorporating 29 U.S.C. §2614). Once the leave period is concluded, the em-ployer is required to restore the employee to the same or an equivalent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. Id. Under the FMLA statute, but not applica-ble to the legislative branch, if an employee believes that his or her FMLA rights have been violated, the employee may file a com-plaint with the DOL or file a private lawsuit in federal or state court. Under the CAA, a covered employee of the legislative branch may initiate proceedings with the OOC and may be awarded damages if the employing office has violated the em-ployee’s FMLA rights. The employee is enti-tled to reimbursement for any monetary loss incurred, equitable relief as appropriate, in-terest, attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees, and court costs. Liquidated damages also may be awarded. See 29 U.S.C. §2617. What changes do the proposed amendments make? First, these regulations add the military leave provisions of the FMLA enacted under the National Defense Authorization Acts (NDAA) for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010 (Pub.L. 110–181, Div. A, Title V §§585(a)(2), (3)(A)–(D) and Pub.L. 111–84, Div. A, Title V §565(a)(1)(B) and (4), which: extend the avail-ability of FMLA leave to family members of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.027 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4129 June 22, 2016 
1In contrast, the committee report accompanying the bill containing the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 complied with section 102(b)(3) of the CAA and con-tained a provision that indicated an intent to apply the ADA Amendments to the legislative branch. Committee on Education and Labor, H. Rpt. 110–730 §VII (June 23, 2008). 2An approved regulation can require employing of-fices to provide the additional rights and protec-tions for servicemembers and their families added to the FMLA since 1996. This is because, unlike execu-tive branch agencies, the rulemaking power of the Board (after Congressional approval) is ‘‘an exercise of the rulemaking power of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate’’ under the Constitution. 2 U.S.C. §1431(1). The rulemaking power of Congress under the Constitution, U.S. Const. Art. 1, §5, cl. 2, is a ‘‘broad grant of authority’’ that allows each house of Congress to determine its own internal rules bounded only by ‘‘constitutional restraints and fundamental rights.’’ Consumers Union of U.S., Inc. v. Periodical Correspondents’ Ass’n, 515 F.2d 1341, 1343 (D.C. Cir. 1975); United States v. Ballin, 144 U.S. 1,5 (1892). the Regular Armed Forces for qualifying ex-igencies arising out of a servicemember’s de-ployment; define those deployments covered under these provisions; extend FMLA mili-tary caregiver leave for family members of current servicemembers to include an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty; and extend FMLA military caregiver leave to family members of certain veterans with serious injuries or illnesses. These regu-lations also set forth the revised definition of ‘‘spouse’’ under the FMLA in light of the DOL’s February 25, 2015 Final Rule on the definition of spouse, and the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell, et al., v. Hodges, No. 14–556, 135 S. Ct. 2584 (2015), which requires a state to license a marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was law-fully licensed and performed out-of-state. Why are these changes to the FMLA regula-tions necessary? The CAA requires that the FMLA regula-tions applicable to the legislative branch and promulgated by the Board be the same as substantive regulations issued by the Sec-retary of Labor, unless good cause is shown that a modification would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and pro-tections under the section. 2 U.S.C. §1312(d)(2). On March 8, 2013, the DOL issued its Final Rule implementing its amended FMLA regu-lations (77 FR 8962), which provide for mili-tary caregiver leave for a veteran, qualifying exigency leave for parental care, and special leave calculations for flight crew employees. The Board is required pursuant to the CAA to amend its regulations to achieve parity, unless there is good cause shown to deviate from the DOL’s regulations. In addition, the FMLA amendments pro-viding additional rights and protections for servicemembers and their families were en-acted into law by the NDAA for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010. The Congressional committee reports that accompany the NDAA for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010 and the amended FMLA provisions do not ‘‘describe the manner in which the provision of the bill [relating to terms and conditions of employment] . . . apply to the legislative branch’’ or ‘‘include a statement of the reasons the provision does not apply [to the legislative branch]’’ (in the case of a provision not applicable to the leg-islative branch) as required by Section 102(b)(3) of the CAA. 2 U.S.C. §1302(3); House Committee on Armed Services, H. Rpt. 110– 146 (May 11, 2007), H. Rpt. 111–166 (June 18, 2009). Consequently, when the FMLA was amended to add these additional rights and protections, it was not clear whether Con-gress intended that these additional rights and protections apply in the legislative branch.
1 Several commenters expressed the opinion that when a statutory provision of the FMLA that has generally been incorporated into the CAA is amended, the provision ap-plies as amended unless a provision of the CAA precludes its application. However, there is no clear provision in the CAA that so provides. To the extent that there may be an ambi-guity regarding the applicability to the leg-islative branch of the 2008 and 2010 FMLA amendments, the Board makes clear through these regulations that the rights and protec-tions for military servicemembers apply in the legislative branch and that protections under the CAA are in line with existing pub-lic and private sector protections under the FMLA.2Accordingly, the Board recommends that Congress use its rulemaking authority to clarify that the rights and protections for legislative branch servicemembers and their families have been expanded in a manner consistent with the 2008 and 2010 amend-ments to the FMLA. What do the military family leave provisions provide? Section 585(a) of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 2008 amends the FMLA to provide leave to el-igible employees of covered employers to care for injured servicemembers and for any qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that a covered family member is on active duty or has been notified of an impending call to active duty status in support of a con-tingency operation (collectively referred to herein as ‘‘military family leave’’). The pro-visions of this amendment providing FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember became effective when the law was enacted on January 28, 2008. The provisions of this amendment providing for FMLA leave due to a qualifying exigency arising out of a cov-ered family member’s active duty (or call to active duty) status were effective on Janu-ary 16, 2009. Section 565(a) of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 2010, enacted on October 28, 2009, amends the military family leave provisions of the FMLA. Pub. Law 111–84. The Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA expands the availability of qualifying exigency leave and military caregiver leave. Qualifying exigency leave, which was made available to family members of the National Guard and Reserve components under the Fiscal Year 2008 NDAA, is expanded to in-clude family members of the Regular Armed Forces. The entitlement to qualifying exi-gency leave is expanded by substituting the term ‘‘covered active duty’’ for ‘‘active duty’’ and defining covered active duty for a member of the Regular Armed Forces as ‘‘duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country’’ and for a member of the Reserve components of the Armed Forces as ‘‘duty during the de-ployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a call or order to active duty under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code.’’ 29 U.S.C. §2611(14). Prior to the Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA amend-ments, there was no requirement that mem-bers of the National Guard and Reserves be deployed to a foreign country. The Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA amendments expand the definition of a ‘‘serious injury or illness’’ for military caregiver leave for cur-rent members of the Armed Forces to in-clude an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty. 29 U.S.C. §2611(18)(A). These amendments also expand the military caregiver leave provisions of the FMLA to allow family members to take military care-giver leave to care for certain veterans. The definition of a ‘‘covered servicemember,’’ which is the term the Act uses to indicate the group of military members for whom military caregiver leave may be taken, is broadened to include a veteran with a seri-ous injury or illness who is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, if the veteran was a member of the Armed Forces at any time during the period of five years preceding the date of the medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy. 29 U.S.C. §2611(15)(B). The amendments define a seri-ous injury or illness for a veteran as a ‘‘qualifying (as defined by the Secretary of Labor) injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces) and that manifested itself before or after the member became a veteran.’’ 29 U.S.C. §2611(18)(B). What is the effect of amending the definition of ‘‘spouse’’? In its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, the Board modified its definition of spouse and invited comment regarding whether it should adopt the DOL’s current definition of spouse or revise the definition of spouse with its newly drafted definition. All commenters suggested the Board adopt the DOL definition of ‘‘spouse’’ as announced in the DOL’s Final Rule for 29 C.F.R. §825 dated February 25, 2015 (one suggesting it be only slightly modified to include a reference to federal law), because the Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges does not in-validate the DOL’s definition of spouse, and the Board has not shown good cause to mod-ify the DOL’s definition. See 2 U.S.C. §1312(d)(2). The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the defini-tion of spouse found in the DOL’s current regulations and, therefore, adopts the DOL definition. Minor editorial changes have been made to sections 825.120, 825.121, 825.122, 825.127, 825.201 and 825.202 to make gender neutral ref-erences to husbands and wives, and mothers and fathers where appropriate so that they apply equally to opposite-sex and same-sex spouses. The Board uses the terms ‘‘spouses’’ and ‘‘parents,’’ as appropriate, in these regu-lations. These editorial changes do not change the availability of FMLA leave, but simply clarify its availability for all eligible employees who are legally married. Procedural Summary How are substantive regulations proposed and approved under the CAA? Pursuant to section 304 of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §1384, the procedure for proposing and approving substantive regulations provides that: (1) the Board of Directors proposes sub-stantive regulations and publishes a general notice of proposed rulemaking in the Con-gressional Record; (2) there be a comment period of at least 30 days after the date of publication of the gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking; (3) after consideration of comments by the Board of Directors, the Board adopts regula-tions and transmits notice of such action (together with the regulations and a rec-ommendation regarding the method for Con-gressional approval of the regulations) to the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate for publication in the Congressional Record; (4) the adopted regulations are referred to committees for action by resolution in each chamber by concurrent resolution, or by joint resolution; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4130 June 22, 2016 
(5) approved regulations are then published in the Congressional Record, with an effec-tive date. This Notice of Adoption of Regulations is step (3) of the outline set forth above. For more detail, please reference the text of 2 U.S.C. §1384. What is the approach taken by these adopted substantive regulations? The Board will follow the procedures as enumerated above and as required by stat-ute. The Board has reviewed and responded to the comments received under step (2) of the outline above, and made changes where necessary to ensure that the adopted regula-tions fully implement section 202 of the CAA, and reflect the practices and policies par-ticular to the legislative branch. Are there substantive differences in the adopted regulations for the House of Rep-resentatives, the Senate, and other em-ploying offices? No. The Board of Directors has adopted one set of regulations for all employing offices. The House suggested that separate regula-tions be adopted by the Board because of its ‘‘unique administrative structures.’’ For the reasons stated in this Notice, the Board finds no reason to vary the text of the regulations. Therefore, if these regulations are approved as adopted, there will be one text applicable to all employing offices and covered employ-ees. See 2 U.S.C. §1331(e)(2). Are these adopted regulations also rec-ommended by the Office of Compliance’s Executive Director, the Deputy Executive Director for the Senate, and the Deputy Executive Director for the House of Rep-resentatives? Yes. As required by section 304(b)(1) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §1384(b)(1), the substance of these regulations is also recommended by the Executive Director, the Deputy Execu-tive Director for the Senate, and the Deputy Executive Director for the House of Rep-resentatives. What are the next steps in the process of pro-mulgation of these regulations? Pursuant to section 304(b)(4) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 1384(b)(4), the Board of Directors is re-quired to recommend to Congress a method of approval for these regulations. As the Board has adopted the same regulations for the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the other covered entities and facilities, it therefore recommends that the adopted regulations be approved by concurrent reso-lution of the Congress. Are these adopted substantive regulations available to persons with disabilities in an alternate format? Yes. This Notice of Adopted Regulations and the substantive regulations are available on the OOC’s web site, www.compliance.gov, which is compliant with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §794(d). This Notice can also be made available in large print or Braille. Requests for this Notice in an alternative format should be made to: Alexandria Sabatini, Ad-ministrative Assistant, Office of Compliance, 110 2nd Street, S.E., Room LA–200, Wash-ington, D.C. 20540; 202–724–9250; FAX: 202–426– 1913. Am I allowed to view copies of comments submitted by others? Yes. Copies of submitted comments are available for review on the OOC’s web site at www.compliance.gov, and at the Office of Compliance, 110 Second Street, S.E., Wash-ington, D.C. 20540–1999, on Monday through Friday (non-federal holidays) between the hours of 9:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. Summary The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (CAA), PL 104–1, was enacted into law on January 23, 1995. The CAA, as amended, ap-plies the rights and protections of thirteen federal labor and employment statutes to covered employees and employing offices within the legislative branch of the federal government. Section 202 of the CAA applies to employees covered by the CAA, the rights and protections established by sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), 29 U.S.C. §§2611—2615. The above provisions of section 202 became effective on January 1, 1997. 2 U.S.C. §1312. The Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance is now publishing its adopted amended regulations to implement section 202 of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §§1301–1438, as ap-plied to covered employees of the House of Representatives, the Senate, and certain Congressional instrumentalities listed below. The purpose of these amended regulations is to implement section 202 of the CAA. In this Notice of Adoption of Regulations, the Board adopts identical regulations for the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the seven Congressional instrumentalities. Accordingly: (1) Senate. The amended regulations adopt-ed in this Notice shall apply to entities with-in the Senate, as recommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the Senate. (2) House of Representatives. The amended regulations adopted in this Notice shall apply to entities within the House of Rep-resentatives, as recommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the House of Representatives. (3) Certain Congressional instrumentalities. The amended regulations in this Notice shall apply to the Office of Congressional Accessi-bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment; as recommended by the OOC’s Executive Director. Section-by-Section Discussion of Adopted Changes to the FMLA Regulations The following is a section-by-section dis-cussion of the adopted regulations. Where a change is made to a regulatory section, that section is discussed below. However, as the DOL has significantly reorganized its FMLA regulations, which the Board’s adopted regu-lations mirror, many of the sections are moved into other areas of the subpart. The Board as a result will use the adopted sec-tion and numbers to provide explanation and analysis of changes. In addition, even if a section is not discussed, there may be minor editorial changes or corrections that do not warrant discussion. In addition, several sections have been re-structured and reorganized to improve the accessibility of the information ( e.g., guid- ance on leave for pregnancy and birth of a child is addressed in one consolidated sec-tion; an employing office’s notice obligations are combined in one section). Some commenters suggested that the Board modify the regulations where a com-menter believed that clarification was need-ed to resolve potential ambiguities in the DOL regulation. However, the Board has long held that it will not opine on interpre-tive ambiguities in the regulations—outside of the adjudicatory context of individual cases. The Board’s rulemaking authority under the CAA is restricted to circumstances where there is ‘‘good cause’’ to depart from the Secretary of Labor’s substantive regula-tions. Further, the Board’s adjudicatory function would be undermined if it prejudged ambiguous or disputed interpretive matters. Therefore, the Board does not find ‘‘good cause’’ to modify a regulation where the re-quest is based on an ostensible need for clari-fication. Section by Section Discussion and Board Consideration of Comments SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA To clarify that the CAA and not the FMLA applies directly to employing offices, the Board has added ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ to the section title at the suggestion of one commenter. A commenter suggested that the Board clarify that these regulations supersede and replace the Board’s substantive regulations currently applicable to the covered legisla-tive branch entities. To resolve any uncer-tainty, if approved by Congress, these regu-lations would necessarily supersede and re-place the current substantive Board FMLA regulations. Section 825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 825.100(a) This section allows eligible employees to take FMLA leave for reasons including a qualifying exigency ‘‘ . . . arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daugh-ter, or parent . . . is on call to active duty status.’’ One commenter requested the Board add an ‘‘ed’’ to the word ‘‘call’’ for clarity— so that the phrase would read: ‘‘ . . . arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military mem-ber on active duty or called to covered active duty status . . . ’’ The Board finds that the ‘‘call to covered active duty status’’ is a sta-tus term appearing in the DOL’s regulations, and finds no good cause to modify DOL’s ter-minology. 825.100(b) In the proposed regulations, the Board italicized a reference to the House of Rep-resentatives. A commenter suggested mak-ing consistent the House and instrumental-ities’ versions of these regulations with the Senate version. Because there is only one version of these regulations, the italicized and parenthetical language that references separate entities has been deleted from these adopted regulations. Section 825.102 Definitions. The Board finds good cause to depart from the DOL regulations with respect to some definitions. As discussed above, the Board clarifies that the CAA and not the ADA ap-plies directly to employing offices by adding ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ to the defi-nition of ADA. In addition, the term ‘‘Act’’ as defined in the DOL regulations and referred to in the FMLA can be confused with the Congres-sional Accountability Act (CAA). Accord-ingly, the definition of ‘‘Act’’ is excluded from the Board’s regulations. To avoid any confusion, the definition for ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ in the DOL regulations has been de-leted. Similarly, as there is no airline flight crew covered under the CAA, the definition of and all references to ‘‘airline flight crew employee’’ has been deleted in the Board’s regulations. Because the DOL definitions of ‘‘commerce and industry or activity affecting com-merce’’ and ‘‘applicable monthly guarantee’’ involve concepts that do not apply to em-ploying offices covered by the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude these defi-nitions from the regulations. One commenter suggested, as a general ob-servation, that several definitions conflict with the statutory definitions of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §2611) and the CAA (2 U.S.C. §1312). The Board responds to the comment by ad-dressing the definitions as they appear in the provisions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4131 June 22, 2016 
‘‘Covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status’’ One commenter suggested that the regu-latory definition improperly expands the coverage of ‘‘Covered active duty’’ and sug-gested the Board seek a statutory correction to 2 U.S.C. §2611 or 2 U.S.C. §1312 if an ex-panded definition is intended. The Board finds that its regulation is consistent with DOL’s regulation which was intended to ex-pand such coverage under the FMLA in line with the military leave provisions of the FMLA enacted under the National Defense Authorization Acts (NDAA), and therefore does not find good cause to modify its regu-lation. ‘‘Covered employee’’ One commenter suggested that the defini-tion of ‘‘Covered employee’’ does not need to be included in these regulations because that term is defined in 2 U.S.C. §1302(3)–(10) of the CAA. The Board finds no good cause to mod-ify the regulation, and includes the defini-tion of ‘‘Covered employee’’ in its regula-tions. ‘‘Covered servicemember’’ One commenter stated that the regulatory definition is inconsistent with the definition in 2[sic] U.S.C. §2611 (15), and suggested de-leting the definition. The Board finds that the proposed definition of ‘‘Covered service-member’’ is consistent with the DOL’s regu-lation and that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL’s regulation. ‘‘Covered veteran’’ One commenter claimed that the regu-latory definition is inconsistent with the statutory definition in 2[sic] U.S.C. §2611 (15) and (19), and suggested deletion. The Board finds that the definition of ‘‘Covered vet-eran’’ is consistent with the DOL’s regula-tion and that no good cause to modify the DOL’s regulation has been shown. ‘‘Eligible employee’’ A commenter noted that the definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ in the Board’s regula-tions is different than the statutory defini-tion of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ under section 202(a)(2)(B), but made no recommendation. Because the DOL’s definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ (paragraphs ii(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) in sec-tion 825.102) is not consistent with the defini-tion of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ in CAA section 202(a)(2)(B), the Board finds good cause to keep the definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ that is used in the current version of the OOC FMLA regulations and to delete the def-inition as it appears in the DOL regulation. ‘‘Employee’’ One commenter suggested that this defini-tion need not be included in the FMLA regu-lations because it is already covered in 2 U.S.C. §1301 of the CAA. The Board finds that no good cause has been provided to modify the regulation, and includes the definition of ‘‘Employee’’ in its regulations. ‘‘Employee employed in an instructional capacity’’ One commenter suggested that reference to teachers should be deleted from the regu-lations because the commenter does not cur-rently employ teachers. The Board finds that this section may be relevant to other em-ploying offices now or in the future, and therefore finds no good cause to delete the definition. ‘‘Employee of the House of Representa-tives’’ One commenter suggested correcting the definition of ‘‘Employee of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ to state that it does not in-clude any individual employed in subpara-graphs 2–9 in the definition of covered em-ployee above. The Board is following the lan-guage of the statute (see 2 U.S.C §1301(7)) and finds no good cause to modify this provision. ‘‘Employee of the Senate’’ One commenter suggested that the defini-tion of ‘‘Employee of the Senate’’ should be corrected to include ‘‘but not any individual employed by any entity listed in subpara-graphs 1, or 3–9. The Board is following the language of the statute (see 2 U.S.C §1301(8)) and finds no good cause to modify this provi-sion. ‘‘Employing office’’ One commenter suggested that the defini-tion of ‘‘Employing office’’ does not need to be included in these regulations because this definition is already covered in 2 U.S.C. §1301 of the CAA. The Board finds good cause to keep the definition—modified to the extent that it reflects the unique definition of ‘‘Em-ploying office’’ under the CAA. ‘‘Employment benefits’’ One commenter suggested deleting this regulatory definition because it is similar but not the same as the statutory definition found in 2[sic] U.S.C. §2611(5). The Board finds that the definition of ‘‘Employment benefits’’ is consistent with the DOL’s regu-lation, and that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL’s regulation. ‘‘FLSA’’ means the Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. §201 et seq.), as made applica-ble by the Congressional Accountability Act. To clarify that the CAA and not the FLSA applies directly to employing offices, the Board has added ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ to the section title, at the suggestion of a commenter. ‘‘FMLA’’ means the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, Public Law 103–3 (Feb-ruary 5, 1993), 107 Stat. 6 (29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq., as amended), as made applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act. To clarify that the CAA and not the FMLA applies di-rectly to employing offices, the Board has added ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ to the section title, at the suggestion of a com-menter. ‘‘Health care provider’’ In the paragraphs defining ‘‘Health care provider,’’ to avoid confusion, the Board is substituting ‘‘the Secretary’’ with ‘‘the De-partment of Labor.’’ Thus, the Board’s FMLA regulations define ‘‘Health care pro-vider’’ as ‘‘any other person determined by the Department of Labor to be capable of providing health care services.’’ One commenter suggested that in the defi-nition ‘‘any other person . . . capable of pro-viding healthcare services . . .’’ is overly broad. The Board’s definition of ‘‘Health care provider’’ is consistent with the DOL’s regu-lation and good cause has not been shown to modify the DOL’s regulation. ‘‘Outpatient status’’ One commenter claimed the definition of ‘‘Outpatient status’’ is different than the statutory definition in 29 U.S.C. §2611(16) and suggested that the Board use the statutory definition. The Board finds that the defini-tion of ‘‘Outpatient status’’ in its regula-tions is consistent with the DOL’s regula-tions and that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL’s regulations. ‘‘Physical or mental disability’’ Under the paragraph defining ‘‘physical or mental disability,’’ the Board has replaced the language from the DOL regulations indi-cating that 29 CFR part 1630, issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. §12101 et seq., as amended, ‘‘defines’’ these terms, and states instead that regulations issued by the EEOC ‘‘ provide guidance to’’ these terms.’’ (Italics added). Because the terms ‘‘Person’’ and ‘‘Public agency’’ are not applicable to employing of-fices covered by the CAA, the Board has also found good cause to exclude these DOL defi-nitions from its proposed regulations. ‘‘Spouse’’ The Board had proposed to adopt the fol-lowing definition of ‘‘Spouse’’ that is not the same as the DOL definition: Spouse means a husband or wife. For pur-poses of this definition, husband or wife re-fers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This definition includes an indi-vidual in a same-sex marriage. This defini-tion also includes an individual in a common law marriage that either: (1) was entered into in a State that recognizes such mar-riages or, (2) if entered into outside of any State, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. Commenters suggested that the Board adopt the DOL’s definition of spouse noting that the Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, does not invalidate the DOL’s definition. In addition, one com-menter suggested that the Board’s proposed definition is inconsistent with the statutory definition (‘‘spouse’’ means a husband or wife, as the case may be) and the DOL’s reg-ulations. Another commenter suggested that the Board’s proposed definition does not in-clude a requirement that a valid marriage between participants of any sex is defined by reference to state law. Finding that no good cause has been shown to modify the current definition of spouse found in the DOL’s regu-lations, the Board adopts the DOL definition. Section 825.104 Covered employing offices. Three commenters suggested that section 825.104(c) should be deleted because the inte-grated employer concept does not apply in the context of the CAA. Under the integrated employer test, separate entities of a private sector employer will be regarded as a single employer based on an evaluation of such fac-tors as common management, interrelation between operations, centralized control of labor relations, and degree of common own-ership/financial control. See 29 C.F.R. §825.104(c)(2). If the integrated employer test is met, all entities in question will be consid-ered one employer, for purposes of counting employees. Under the FMLA, private sector employees engaged in commerce or an indus-try affecting commerce are covered if 50 or more employees are employed in at least 20 or more calendar workweeks. Under the CAA, however, there is no such numerosity requirement; the CAA covers all employing offices regardless of the number of employ-ees. The integrated employer concept there-fore is inapplicable. Based on the foregoing, the Board agrees that the integrated em-ployer concept does not currently apply to the legislative branch covered employing of-fices and has deleted section 825.104(c) from its adopted regulations. Section 825.106 Joint employer coverage. As joint employment relationships are treated differently under the CAA than by the DOL, the Board finds good cause to keep the language in the current OOC regulations in paragraphs (b) through (e) of this section. Also, as it is not applicable under the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude from its definitions language relating to Profes-sional Employer Organizations (PEOs) as joint employers. As the DOL has noted, PEOs contract with private small businesses to provide services that large businesses can af-ford, but that small businesses cannot afford, such as compliance with government stand-ards, employer liability management, retire-ment benefits, and other employment bene-fits. Congress already provides these services for its employees. Section 825.110 Eligible employees. This section defines who may be eligible for FMLA leave. One commenter suggested that the provision is inconsistent with the statutory definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ under the CAA, and is thus ultra vires and should not be adopted. The Board finds that this provision is not inconsistent with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4132 June 22, 2016 
definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ under the CAA, and that it is in line with the expanded coverage under the FMLA, as applied by the CAA. 825.110(a)(1) This section provides that ‘‘An eligible em-ployee is an employee of a covered employ-ing office who: (1) Has been employed by any employing office for at least 12 months . . . ’’ One commenter stated that this section ex-pands the definition of eligible employee found in section 825.102, and suggested that the language in section 825.110(a) be revised to read ‘‘An eligible employee is a covered employee of an employing office who . . . ’’ (Italics added). The Board has made the lan-guage in the definition of eligible employee in section 825.110(a) consistent with the defi-nition in section 825.102 and the CAA because the statute uses the terms ‘‘Covered em-ployee’’ and ‘‘Employing office.’’ 825.110(a)(3) and (e) The Board finds good cause to exclude from its regulations the following language from the DOL regulations because it is not appli-cable to the CAA: ‘‘(3) Is employed at a worksite where 50 or more employees are employed by the em-ployer within 75 miles of that worksite. (See section 825.105(b) regarding employees who work outside the U.S.) ’’ Similarly, the Board finds good cause to exclude from these regulations the following paragraph: ‘‘(e) Whether 50 employees are employed within 75 miles to ascertain an employee’s eligibility for FMLA benefits is determined when the employee gives notice of the need for leave. Whether the leave is to be taken at one time or on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, once an employee is de-termined eligible in response to that notice of the need for leave, the employee’s eligi-bility is not affected by any subsequent change in the number of employees em-ployed at or within 75 miles of the employ-ee’s worksite, for that specific notice of the need for leave. Similarly, an employer may not terminate employee leave that has al-ready started if the employee-count drops below 50. For example, if an employer em-ploys 60 employees in August, but expects that the number of employees will drop to 40 in December, the employer must grant FMLA benefits to an otherwise eligible em-ployee who gives notice of the need for leave in August.’’ 825.110(b)(1)–(2) The Board has determined that the use of the term ‘‘any employing office’’ clarifies that work in more than one employing office may be aggregated to determine eligibility. 825.110(c)(1) Regarding the aggregation of hours where an employee works for more than one em-ploying office, the Board proposed: If an employee was employed by two or more employing offices, either sequentially or concurrently, the hours of service will be aggregated to determine whether the min-imum of 1,250 hours has been reached. Several commenters suggested that be-cause section 825.110(c)(1) allows employees to aggregate their hours of work from se-quential employing offices to meet the hours or months of service requirements to be eli-gible for FMLA leave, the Board must clarify that FMLA leave taken by an employee at a former employing office may count against FMLA leave entitlement at another employ-ing office in the 12 month period. Section 825.208(f) of the OOC’s 1996 regulations made it clear that a subsequent employing office may count FMLA leave taken with a prior employing office against a covered employ-ee’s current FMLA entitlement. As a general rule, the legislative branch allows for the ag-gregation of time whereas the private sector and the executive branch do not. One com-menter suggested that the Board incorporate a paragraph (e) in this section that would read: ‘‘(e) If, before beginning employment with an employing office, an employee had been employed by another employing office, the subsequent employing office may count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment FMLA leave taken from the prior em-ploying office.’’ The Board finds good cause to add lan-guage clarifying that FMLA leave taken by an employee may count against FMLA leave entitlement at another employing office, see section 825.110(e). 825.110(c)(3) One commenter mentioned that the second sentence of this section references ‘‘a person reemployed following USERRA-covered serv-ice . . .’’ (Italics added) and suggested chang-ing the term ‘‘person’’ to ‘‘covered em-ployee.’’ The Board has determined that lan-guage in this section is consistent with DOL regulations, and there is no good cause shown to modify the DOL regulations. 825.110(c)(4) A commenter suggested that a parenthet-ical reference to the FLSA regulations should reference the OOC substantive regula-tions, rather than the DOL citation (i.e., OOC Regulations §§H541.1–H541.3). In addi-tion, the commenter suggested that because the definition of ‘‘teacher’’ does not apply to any House entity, the Board should either simplify the clarifying ‘‘example’’ contained in this paragraph (e.g., removing the ref-erence to the definition of teacher), or find another example that would be relevant to House employing offices. The Board has amended the proposed language to clarify that the FLSA is made applicable to the leg-islative branch by the CAA and its sub-stantive regulations, but finds no reason to deviate from the example provided in the DOL regulation regarding this provision. 825.110(d) One commenter suggested that the term ‘‘worked’’ is not defined, and suggests in-cluding ‘‘met the hours or service require-ment.’’ The Board agrees that the term ‘‘worked’’ is not consistent with the DOL provision and has substituted the phrase ‘‘meets the hours of service requirement’’ in the section, as provided in the DOL regula-tions. Section 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general rule. 825.112(a)(5) One commenter stated that the DOL limits ‘‘qualifying exigency’’ as determined by reg-ulation of the Secretary (see 29 U.S.C. §2612(a)(1)(e)), and that the Board’s proposed regulations do not place any such limita-tions. The commenter suggested that the Board define what is meant by any ‘‘quali-fying exigency.’’ The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Two commenters suggested adding ‘‘duty’’ in between ‘‘covered active’’ and ‘‘status’’ as shown above in section 825.112(a)(5). The Board has made the suggested change. Section 825.114 Inpatient Care. One commenter noted that ‘‘any period of incapacity’’ is defined as an ‘‘inability to work’’ but doesn’t require medical verification. The commenter suggested add-ing after ‘‘period of incapacity as defined in section 825.113(b) ‘‘as verified by a medical certification in accordance with section 825.305’’ to clarify. The Board finds no good cause to add the suggested language to the provision. Section 825.115 Continuing Treatment. 825.115(a)(5) The Board proposed to adopt unchanged the DOL’s definitions of ‘‘serious health con-dition’’ and ‘‘incapacity plus treatment.’’ One commenter suggested that these defini-tions as written, while intending to exempt minor ailments from FMLA coverage as leg-islative history would require, could be ar-gued to cover a three day absence from work combined with a visit to a doctor and round of antibiotics, or an otherwise minor ailment in contravention of the FMLA’s intended coverage. The commenter requested that the Board increase the days of incapacity from three to five and further require two visits to a healthcare provider within 30 days of the incapacity to demonstrate ‘‘continuing treatment,’’ as opposed to also allowing one visit to a doctor coupled with ‘‘a regimen of continuing treatment.’’ (See §825.115) The commenter believed there to be good cause to change the DOL definitions because legis-lative branch offices offer generous paid time off and sick leave policies that would more appropriately cover the minor and non- chronic ailments that Congress recognized as outside the statutory protections of the FMLA. The Board finds that no good cause has been shown to deviate from the DOL definitions of ‘‘serious health condition’’ or ‘‘incapacity plus treatment.’’ Section 825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. References in the DOL’s regulations to state law in this section and other sections throughout the DOL’s regulations have not been adopted by the Board because state law does not apply to the legislative branch. Further, in this section and other sections throughout the DOL regulations, any ref-erences to spouses who are employed at two different worksites of an employer located more than 75 miles from each other have not been adopted by the Board because such sce-narios are not applicable to the legislative branch. Two commenters suggested deleting the following sentence from section 825.120(a)(3): ‘‘Note, too, that many state pregnancy dis-ability laws specify a period of disability ei-ther before or after the birth of a child; such periods would also be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition of the birth mother, and would not be subject to the combined limit’’ because state law does not apply to the legislative branch. Indeed, the commenter notes that the Board, in its pre-amble to the proposed regulations, agreed that the section should be deleted. If the rea-soning for discussing ‘‘state pregnancy dis-ability laws’’ is to underscore the point that the birth mother may suffer pre/post-birth medical complications that would not be subject to the combined limitation of FMLA leave for spouses, the language earlier in this section, as well as in the following section, (a)(4), clarifies that the serious health condi-tion of the birth mother, either before or after the birth, would independently qualify for FMLA leave. Finally, removal of this lan-guage is consistent with the removal of simi-lar references to state law in section 825.121(a)(2) (removing the DOL language that instructs the reader to ‘‘ See section 825.701 regarding non-FMLA leave which may be available under applicable State laws’’). The Board finds good cause to delete this ref-erence to state law, and has deleted the last sentence of section 825.120(a)(3) from its adopted regulations. Section 825.121(b) Use of Intermittent and re-duced schedule leave. One commenter suggested that the ref-erence to section 825.601 at the conclusion of this section regarding ‘‘special rules applica-ble to instructional employees of schools’’ is not applicable to House employing offices, and suggested deleting this language. The Board contemplates that if not currently ap-plicable, the term may become applicable to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4133 June 22, 2016 
an employing office, and finds that good cause to delete this language from its regula-tions has not been shown. Section 825.122(b) Covered servicemember spouse. Commenters noted that the definition of ‘‘spouse’’ contained in the proposed regula-tion deviates from the corresponding DOL regulation, and the Board has not shown good cause for such deviation. As noted pre-viously, the Board hereby adopts DOL’s cur-rent definition of spouse. Section 825.122(d)(2) Physical or mental dis-ability. One commenter suggested replacing ‘‘de-fine these terms’’ in section 825.122(d)(2) with ‘‘provide guidance for these terms.’’ As a basis, the commenter noted that the EEOC’s ADA regulations do not define terms related to physical or mental disabilities but merely provide guidance in interpreting those terms. See 161 Cong. Rec. S6707. The Board finds good cause to deviate from DOL’s lan-guage with regard to this provision, and re-places ‘‘define these terms’’ with ‘‘provide guidance for these terms.’’ Section 825.125(a)(2)–(3) One commenter said that ‘‘any other per-son’’ is overly broad and expands the statu-tory definition in 2[sic] U.S.C. §2611(6), and suggested that the Board use the statutory definition with a clarification. The Board finds that its regulation mirrors the DOL’s definition, and that no good cause to modify the regulation has been shown. 
SUBPART B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
Section 825.200 Amount of Leave. 825.200(a)(5) One commenter suggested adding ‘‘cov-ered’’ between ‘‘order to’’ and ‘‘active duty’’ in section 825.200(a)(5). The Board has made the suggested change. 825.200(h) One commenter suggested that since the House no longer has a school, the example of a school closing two weeks for the Christ-mas/New Year Holiday or for a summer vaca-tion is not helpful when discussing tem-porary cessation of business activities. The Board finds that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave schedule. 825.202(b) One commenter requested additional guid-ance regarding the use of intermittent leave claiming the terms ‘‘medical necessity’’ and ‘‘to provide care or psychological comfort to a covered family member with a serious health condition’’ are too vague. As noted previously, the Board declines to modify DOL’s regulations to resolve potential ambi-guities. 825.202(d) One commenter suggested that ‘‘qualifying exigency’’ be specifically defined (as dis-cussed in section 825.112 above). The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation, and the Board will not modify DOL’s regulations to resolve potential ambiguities. Section 825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.203 One commenter suggested that section 825.203 addresses only situations where inter-mittent leave is ‘‘medically necessary’’ or ‘‘because of a qualifying exigency’’ and does not address the circumstances outlined in section 825.202. Further, the commenter sug-gests that the proposed regulation be rewrit-ten to address each circumstance proposed in section 825.202, and to provide ‘‘objective spe-cific notice requirements an employee must provide to an employing office.’’ The com-menter also suggested that section 825.203 be rewritten to consider each of the factors enu-merated in proposed regulation section 825.303, particularly section 303(c) ‘‘Com-plying with Employing Office Policies,’’ or minimally, that section 825.203 should have a 24 hour notice period requirement, absent ex-ceptional circumstances, to ‘‘avoid situa-tions where an employee attempts to use intermittent leave to avoid working addi-tional duty—placing supervisors in the posi-tion of questioning the need for leave and staffing the post.’’ The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the current DOL regulation. Section 825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.205(a)(2) One commenter suggested that the exam-ples given that include reference to a flight attendant or a railroad conductor scheduled to work aboard an airplane or train, or a lab-oratory employee are not useful because there is no equivalent position available in the House of Representatives. The com-menter suggested using examples that would occur in the House workplace. Also, given the statement in the definitions section of the Preamble that all references to ‘‘airline flight crew employee’’ have been deleted, the reference to ‘‘flight attendant’’ should be de-leted because of the similarity between these descriptions. The examples given are for il-lustrative purposes only. The Board has de-termined that no good cause has been shown to modify the current DOL regulation. Section 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA. Although the DOL amended its FMLA reg-ulations to add computer employees to the list of exempt employees who do not lose their FLSA exempt status despite being pro-vided unpaid FMLA leave, the Board finds good cause not to include ‘‘computer em-ployees’’ to the list of employees who may qualify as exempt from the overtime and minimum wage requirements of the FLSA. The Board’s September 29, 2004 Proposed Regulations implementing exemptions from the overtime pay requirements under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) were never enacted into law, and so the ex-isting OOC FLSA regulations do not include exemptions for computer employees. There-fore, the OOC’s adopted FMLA regulations do not include these employees in this sec-tion. One commenter suggested that the Board reference OOC’s FLSA regulations con-cerning ‘‘employees exempt under a salary and duties test’’ rather than mention each category of employee subject to the exemp-tion and specifically exclude computer em-ployees. The Board has determined that there is good cause to modify the provision to exclude reference to DOL’s specific cat-egories of exemption because that reference conflicts with the Board’s 1996 FLSA regula-tions. 825.206(c) One commenter suggested that the Board delete ‘‘such as leave in excess of 12 weeks in a year’’ after ‘‘for leave which is more gen-erous than provided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA.’’ The Board has made the requested change making the Board’s regulation the same as the current DOL reg-ulation. Two commenters suggested that this sec-tion refers to ‘‘. . . leave to care for a grand-parent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condition,’’ but the language of the corresponding DOL regulation reads ‘‘. . . leave to care for a grandparent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condi-tion or serious injury or illness’’ (emphasis supplied). The commenters suggested that it is unclear why there is a variation between the language of the DOL regulations and the proposed amendments to the Board’s regula-tions. One commenter noted that the April 19, 1996 FMLA regulations issued by the Board also inexplicably contain this vari-ation in the language from the DOL regula-tions. Further, the broader description as stated in the DOL regulations more fully captures the scope of the definition of a ‘‘se-rious health condition.’’ The commenters suggested that the Board revise the language in this section to make it consistent with the DOL regulations. The Board has made the suggested change making the Board’s regulation the same as the current DOL reg-ulation. Further, any references in this section and other sections throughout the DOL regula-tions which place limitations on an em-ployee who works for an employing office with fewer than 50 employees have not been adopted by the Board because such limita-tions do not apply to the legislative branch. See 825.111. Section 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 825.207(a) A commenter suggested that the phrase ‘‘will remain entitled to all paid leave which is earned or accrued’’ in section 825.207(b) is not clear when an employee takes unpaid leave. The commenter noted that many em-ploying offices’ policies do not permit paid leave to be earned or accrued when an em-ployee takes unpaid leave, and suggested that the following language be added to sec-tion 825.207(a): ‘‘If neither the employee nor the employing office elects to substitute paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave under the above conditions and circumstances, the em-ployee will accrue leave in accordance with the employing offices[sic] stated policies.’’ Section 825.207(a) and (b) reference the re-quirements of an employer’s leave plan, and the Board finds no good cause to modify the regulation. 825.207(f) Under the FLSA, an employing office al-ways has the right to cash out an employee’s FLSA compensatory time or to require the employee to use the time. Therefore, if an employee requests and is permitted to use accrued FLSA compensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. The Board sought comments from inter-ested parties as to whether such a provision is appropriate for the legislative branch. One commenter suggested that the pro-posed language is appropriate given the fact that there is no reason to treat compen-satory time differently than paid annual or sick leave for purposes of substituting that time for unpaid FMLA leave. One commenter suggested substituting ‘‘as applied by §1313 of the Congressional Ac-countability Act’’ for ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ in section 825.207(f). The Board has determined that the current language suffi-ciently underscores the fact that the CAA, and not the FLSA, applies to employing of-fices. A commenter suggested that under the proposed regulation, the payment of compen-satory time is not clear because some em-ploying offices provide compensatory time that is not covered/authorized under the FLSA, and suggested the regulation state ‘‘FLSA’’ prior to each reference to FLSA compensatory time. The commenter is cor-rect that in some cases employing offices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4134 June 22, 2016 
may grant ‘‘time off awards’’ or other non- monetary entitlements to time away from the workplace that do not accrue under the FLSA. However, these grants of time do not necessarily entitle employees to pay, and may not be ‘‘cashed out’’ for wages as this section instructs. The section specifically covers an employee’s use of accrued compen-satory time that was earned in lieu of over-time pay ‘‘under the FLSA,’’ and the Board finds no good cause to modify the provision. Section 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. The Board has changed what it believes to be a typographical error in the DOL regula-tions and cross references this section with section 825.102 and not section 825.800 when referring to the definition of ‘‘group health plan.’’ Section 825.215 Equivalent position. Any references from the DOL regulations in this section and other sections to the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) have not been adopted by the Board because ERISA does not apply to the legisla-tive branch. Section 825.216 Limitations on employee’s right to reinstatement. This section clarifies that an employee has no greater employment rights than if the employee had been continually employed during the FMLA leave period. The Board questioned whether the following language in section 825.216(a)(3) of the DOL regula-tions applied to the legislative branch: ‘‘On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work on a contract, and after that contract period the contract was awarded to another contractor, the successor contractor may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employer. See section 825.107.’’ The Board proposed that the OOC regula-tions contain the following language and re-quested comments from interested parties, especially with respect to caucus or com-mittee employees: ‘‘On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a project for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the same employee was assigned to work at another employing office on the same project, the successor employing office may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office.’’ Two commenters suggested deleting sec-tion 825.216(a)(3) because it refers to the con-cept of successor liability, a concept they say is inapplicable, and cross-references §825.107 which has been ‘‘reserved’’ by the Board in these proposed regulations. The concept of ‘‘successor in interest’’ is developed in section 825.107 of the Secretary of Labor’s regulations. The regulations state that a determination of whether a ‘‘suc-cessor in interest’’ exists is determined by the ‘‘entire circumstances * * * viewed in their totality.’’ The regulation also states: ‘‘The factors to be considered include: (1) Substantial continuity of the same business operations; (2) Use of the same plant; (3) Con-tinuity of the work force; (4) Similarity of jobs and working conditions; (5) Similarity of supervisory personnel; (6) Similarity of machinery, equipment, and production methods; (7) Similarity of products or serv-ices; and (8) The ability of the predecessor to provide relief.’’ Many of the factors listed above are inapplicable to the legislative branch. Thus, section 825.107 remains re-served in these regulations. However, situa-tions may arise where the concept of successorship will be relevant. For example, if committee jurisdictions are restructured, it may be necessary to determine which, if any, of the surviving committees is the ‘‘suc-cessor in interest’’ to the former committee. Thus, determining the successor may be im-portant in determining whether a remaining committee must grant leave for an eligible employee who provided adequate notice to the former committee, or must continue leave begun while an employee was employed by the former committee. Therefore, a deter-mination as to successorship may yet be de-cided. As such, the Board finds no good cause to modify the DOL regulation, but has de-leted the cross reference to section 825.107 because it is reserved in these regulations. 825.216(e) This regulation prohibits an employing of-fice that does not have a policy regarding outside income from denying benefits to which an employee is entitled under FMLA, unless fraudulently obtained. One com-menter suggested that the Board’s proposed language ignores the fact that there are stat-utory and ethics rules governing the outside employment of all House employees. See, e.g., House Ethics Manual (2008 Ed.) 185–246. To address this issue, the commenter suggested that the Board amend the second sentence of this section to include the following italicized language: ‘‘An employing office which does not have such a policy may not deny benefits to which an employee is entitled under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, on this basis unless the FMLA leave was fraudulently ob-tained as in paragraph (d) of this section or the employee’s outside or supplemental employ-ment violates applicable law, regulation or House Rule.’’ The Board has determined that there is no good cause to modify the rule as suggested because the Board’s proposed language is the same as the DOL regulation, and the term ‘‘policy’’ should be broad enough to include ‘‘applicable law, regulation, or rule’’ as it is applied to the employing offices, including the House, should there be such a rule. Section 825.217 Key employee, general rule. For the reasons already stated, the Board finds good cause to modify the DOL changes to section 825.217(b) which exempt computer employees from the minimum wage and overtime requirements of the FLSA. As the language in the FLSA is inconsistent with the 1996 OOC FLSA regulations, the Board believes that this exemption should not be included. 825.217(b) One commenter believes the regulations should reference ‘‘OOC’s FLSA regulations concerning employees who are exempt under the salary and duties test’’ instead of listing the exemption categories (professional, exec-utive, administrative), and specifically ex-cluding computer employees. As the salary and duties test is made applicable by the CAA, the Board finds good cause to delete the parenthetical list of exemptions as well as the superfluous ‘‘end parentheses’’ typo-graphical error as suggested. Section 825.220 Protection for employees who request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 825.220(a)(2) This section protects employees who exer-cise their rights under the law. One com-menter suggested that section 825.220(a) is confusing and not consistent with 29 U.S.C. §2615, as adopted by the CAA, and stated that since section 825.220(a)(1–3) merely re-states the law, they should be deleted as du-plicative. In addition, by adding ‘‘com-plaining about’’ in section 825.220(2), a cause of action not otherwise available under the CAA is created. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation, with two minor devi-ations (‘‘person v. covered employee’’ and ‘‘covered employee v. eligible employee’’) which are terms that are substituted to make the regulation consistent with the CAA terminology. While the term ‘‘com-plaining’’ is not found in section 207 of the CAA, it is the language used by the DOL in its anti-retaliation regulation (See 29 C.F.R. §825.220). Covered employees are covered by the anti-retaliation prohibition in both the CAA and the FMLA. 825.220(b) Two commenters proposed removing the sentence ‘‘An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the vio-lation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See section 825.400(c).’’ One commenter suggested that the quoted lan-guage misstates the law as it applies to the CAA because an employing office could not be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation and for other ac-tual monetary losses sustained. See 29 U.S.C. §2617(a)(1)(A)(i). The commenter suggested that only one type of recovery is lawfully available, as an employee is entitled to ei-ther ‘‘any wages, salary, employing benefits, or other compensation denied or lost to such employee by reason of the violation’’ or when ‘‘wages, salary, employing benefits, or other compensation have not been denied or lost to the employee, any actual monetary losses sustained by the employee as a direct result of the violation.’’ In other words, an employee is not entitled to both compensa-tion and other actual monetary losses sus-tained. Additionally, the commenter sug-gested removing the cross-reference to sec-tion 825.400(c) because it does not outline what remedies are available for violations of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA; rather, proposed regulation section 825.400(c) merely states where aggrieved covered em-ployees can find the OOC’s complaint proce-dures. Another commenter proposed remov-ing subsection (b) because it is inconsistent with 2 U.S.C. §1361(d)(1) regarding exclusive procedures under the CAA, attempts to ‘‘make applicable additional causes of ac-tion’’ by use of the term ‘‘manipulation,’’ and expands ‘‘the scope of rights . . . under the FMLA and the CAA.’’ The Board finds that no good cause has been shown to modify or delete the DOL reg-ulation because the CAA applies section 2617(a)(1)(A)(i) of the FMLA, and the Board’s regulation is the same as the DOL regulation applying that section. While we recognize that the commenters’ arguments may have merit, it would not be appropriate for the Board to make that determination as a part of its rulemaking authority under the CAA. The Board finds that it is appropriate to re-serve section 825.220(b)(1) regarding numerosity. With respect to a commenter’s suggestion that the Board remove the cross-reference to section 825.400(c) in its proposed regulations because it does not outline what remedies are available for violations of the FMLA but merely states where an aggrieved covered employee can find the OOC’s complaint pro-cedures, the Board did revisit this section and add the DOL’s remedies section 825.400(c) to its regulations, and moved the reference to its complaint procedures to subsection (d). 825.220(d) Except for the paragraph related to settle-ments, as noted below, the Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.220 provides protec-tion for employees who request leave or oth-erwise assert FMLA rights and includes new language discussing remedies when an em-ploying office interferes with an employee’s rights under the FMLA. This section further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4135 June 22, 2016 
clarifies that the prohibition against inter-ference includes prohibitions against retalia-tion as well as discrimination. The Board finds that there is good cause to modify DOL’s language in paragraph (d) of this sec-tion. Sections 1414 and 1415 of the CAA govern awards and settlements made as a result of parties proceeding through an OOC process. While the Board recognizes that parties will now have the right to settle or release FMLA claims without the approval of the OOC or a court, parties seeking to release claims which were raised in an OOC process pursu-ant to CAA sections 1414 and 1415 must still comply with those provisions. Therefore, the Board proposed to insert the following lan-guage: ‘‘Except for settlement agreements covered by sections 1414 and/or 1415 of the Congressional Accountability Act, this does not prevent the settlement or release of FMLA claims by employees based on past employing office conduct without the ap-proval of the Office of Compliance or a court.’’ One commenter noted that an employee’s acceptance of a light duty assignment or right to restoration beyond the 12 month FMLA year may be terms of an approved set-tlement agreement, and ‘‘should not be re-stricted in considering prospective rights in a settlement of an FMLA claim.’’ The Board finds no good cause to modify the regulation. One commenter agreed that the regulation should be amended to clarify that employing offices are permitted to settle FMLA claims without OOC or court approval unless the settlement agreement is covered by section 1414 or 1415 of the CAA. The commenter fur-ther suggested that the phrase ‘‘based on past employing office conduct’’ found in the third sentence of the section hints of pre-sumptive inappropriate conduct by employ-ing offices and that the phrase is unneces-sary to achieve the goal of this sentence. The commenter suggested deleting it. The Board has determined that there is no good cause shown to modify the DOL regulation. 825.220(e) Two commenters suggested that only ‘‘cov-ered employees’’ and ‘‘employees,’’ as de-fined in sections 101(3) and (4) of the CAA, and not ‘‘individuals,’’ are protected by the CAA; therefore (e) should be deleted. The Board has determined that good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation and delete the term ‘‘individuals’’ from sec-tion 825.220(e). The 1996 Board regulations do not reference the term ‘‘individuals.’’ The term ‘‘Individuals’’ was added to the pro-posed regulations to be consistent with the DOL regulations. However, the Board wants to clarify that only ‘‘covered employees,’’ as defined by the CAA, are entitled to FMLA protection under the CAA. SUBPART C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA. Section 825.300 Employing office notice re-quirements. The Board follows the DOL regulations in-sofar as they consolidate the employing of-fice notice requirements from sections 825.300, 825.301, 825.110 and 825.208 into one comprehensive section addressing an em-ploying office’s notice obligations. However, the Board finds good cause not to adopt the DOL regulations in section 825.300(a) General notice, but instead to keep the requirements found in the current OOC regulations under section 825.301(a). The DOL regulations, at section 825.300(a), address the requirement that employing offices post a notice on em-ployee rights and responsibilities under the law and the civil monetary penalty provision in the law for employing offices who will-fully violate the posting requirement. In 1995, while developing the current FMLA reg-ulations, the OOC Board determined that ‘‘while the CAA incorporates certain specific sections of the FMLA, the CAA explicitly did not incorporate the notice posting and rec-ordkeeping requirements of sections 106(b) and 109 of the FMLA. The CAA has not incor-porated the notice posting and recordkeeping requirements of the FMLA, and the Board will not do so.’’ As a result, we find no au-thority that would require employing offices covered under the CAA to provide notice postings of employees’ FMLA rights in the workplace. See November 28, 1995 OOC Notice of Proposed Rulemaking S17628. As to the re-mainder of the paragraphs in this section, the Board finds no good cause to depart from the amendments adopted by the DOL. The Board adopts section 825.300 regarding the eligibility notice (825.300(b)); the rights and responsibility notice (825.300(c)); the des-ignation notice (825.300(d)); and the con-sequences of failing to provide notice (825.300(e)). (b) Eligibility notice. The Board adopts the DOL amendments with respect to this section. The Board also adopts the DOL regulations consolidating ex-isting eligibility notice requirements in cur-rent sections 825.110 and 825.301 into one sec-tion, section 825.300(b) of the OOC regula-tions, to strengthen and clarify them. For example, section 825.300(b)(1) of the DOL reg-ulations requires an employer to advise an employee of his or her eligibility status when the employee requests leave under the FMLA. The regulations extend the time frame for an employer to respond to an em-ployee’s request for FMLA leave from two business days to five business days. Further, the DOL regulations in section 825.300(b)(2) specify what information an employer must convey to an employee as to eligibility sta-tus. Analogous to the DOL’s regulations, the Board adopts in its regulations that an em-ploying office must provide reasons to an employee if he or she is not eligible for FMLA leave, as do the DOL regulations. The regulations limit that notification to any one of the potential reasons why an em-ployee fails to meet the eligibility require-ments. One commenter supported the OOC’s reor-ganization and consolidation of its notice provisions to better align with DOL’s regula-tions. In particular, the commenter wel-comed the extension of time from 2 to 5 busi-ness days to provide an employee the re-quired eligibility notice in response to the employee’s request for FMLA leave. Further, the OOC regulations require em-ploying offices to include in the eligibility notice an explanation of conditions applica-ble to the use of paid leave that runs concur-rently with unpaid FMLA leave. While this requirement is in the Board’s 1996 regula-tions, it is expanded to require that employ-ing offices also notify employees of their continuing entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if they do not comply with an employing office’s required conditions for use of paid leave. (c) Rights and responsibilities notice. The Board is following the DOL regula-tions separating the notice of rights and re-sponsibilities from the notice of eligibility. Accordingly, if the employee is eligible for FMLA leave, section 825.300(c) of the OOC regulations require the employing office to provide the employee with specific notice of his or her rights and obligations under the law and the consequences of failing to meet those obligations. To simplify the timing of the notice of rights and responsibilities and to avoid un-necessary administrative burden on employ-ing offices, section 825.300(c)(1) of the Board’s regulations require employing offices to pro-vide this notice to employees at the same time they provide the eligibility notice. Ad-ditionally, if the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, section 825.300(c) requires the employing office to no-tify the employee of any changes within five business days of the first notice of the need for FMLA leave subsequent to any change. This timing requirement will ensure that employees receive timely notice of the ex-pectations and obligations associated with their FMLA leave each leave year and also receive prompt notice of any change in those rights or responsibilities when leave is need-ed during the leave year. In this section, employing offices are re-quired to notify employees of the method used for establishing the 12-month period for FMLA entitlement, or, in the case of mili-tary caregiver leave, the start date of the ‘‘single 12-month period.’’ Employing offices are not, however, re-quired to provide the certification form with the notice of rights and responsibilities. No-tice of any changes in the rights and respon-sibilities notice must be provided within five business days of the first notice of an em-ployee’s need for leave subsequent to any change. Electronic distribution of the notice of rights and responsibilities is allowed, so long as the employing office can dem-onstrate that the employee (who may al-ready be on leave and who may not have ac-cess to employing office-provided computers) has access to the information electronically. 825.300(b)(2) Two commenters suggested deleting the sentence ‘‘The employing office is obligated to translate this notice in any situation in which it is obligated to do so in 825.300(a)(4)’’ because section 825.300(a)(4) does not exist in the regulations. The Board has made the suggested change because the referenced sec-tion does not exist in its regulations. One commenter suggested that the OOC provide a Spanish language translation of its prototype forms and notices, as Spanish is the most widely spoken second language in the United States. The commenter suggested that because many Congressional employing offices do not have in-house capability to translate notices, uniform prototype notices in Spanish will encourage consistency and assist in compliance with the FMLA. The Board welcomes the suggestion, and will pro-vide a Spanish language translation of its forms. 825.300(c)(ii) One commenter suggested adding ‘‘cov-ered’’ between ‘‘qualifying exigency arising out of’’ and ‘‘active duty.’’ The Board has made the suggested change. 825.300(c)(6) One commenter requested that the Board provide more guidance concerning what methods are sufficient to assume and/or dem-onstrate receipt of notices electronically sent to employees. The commenter suggested that court decisions illustrate uncertainty in this area. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulations. (d) Designation notice. The Board adopts the DOL amendments with respect to this requirement. Section 825.300(d) outlines the requirements of the designation notice an employing office must provide to an employee. Once the employing office has enough information to determine whether the leave qualifies as FMLA leave, the employing office must notify the em-ployee within five business days of making the determination whether the leave has or has not been designated as FMLA leave. This is an increase from the two-day time frame in the current OOC regulations. Further, only one designation notice is required for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4136 June 22, 2016 
each FMLA-qualifying reason per leave year, regardless of whether the leave is taken as a continuous block of leave or on an intermit-tent or reduced leave schedule basis. Further, the employing office must inform the employee of the number of hours that would be designated as FMLA leave, only upon employee request and no more often than every 30 days if FMLA leave was taken during that period. To the extent it is not possible to provide such information (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), the employing office is required to provide such information to the employee every 30 days if the employee took leave dur-ing the 30-day period. The employing office is permitted to notify the employee of the hours counted against the FMLA leave enti-tlement orally and follow up with written notification on a pay stub at the next payday (unless the next payday is in less than one week, in which case the notice must be no later than the subsequent payday). If the em-ploying office requires that paid leave be substituted for unpaid leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employing office must inform the employee of this designa-tion at the time the leave is designated as FMLA leave. Although the designation notice has to be in writing, it may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub. If the leave is not designated as FMLA leave, the notice to the employee may be in the form of a simple written statement. Employing of-fices can provide an employee with both the eligibility and designation notice at the same time in cases where the employing of-fice has adequate information to designate leave as FMLA leave when an employee re-quests the leave. Employing offices must provide written notice of any requirement for a fitness-for- duty certification, including whether the fit-ness-for-duty certification must address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position and, if so, to provide a list of the essential functions of the employee’s position with the designa-tion notice. If the employee handbook or other written documents clearly provides that a fitness-for-duty certificate will be re-quired, written notice is not required, but oral notice must be provided. Finally, the employing office is required to notify the employee if the information pro-vided in the designation notice changes. For example, if an employee exhausts his or her FMLA leave entitlement and the leave will no longer be designated as FMLA leave, the employing office must provide the employee with written notice of this change consistent with this section. 825.300(d)(4) One commenter would like clarification that electronic receipt of the ‘‘designation notices’’ is permitted in addition to the no-tice of rights and responsibilities. The Board finds good cause to clarify that the designa-tion notice may be distributed electroni-cally, so long as it otherwise meets the re-quirements of section 825.300(d)(4) and the employing office can demonstrate that the employee (who may already be on leave and who may not have access to employing of-fice-provided computers) has access to the information electronically. 825.300(e) The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section en-titled ‘‘Consequences of failing to provide notice.’’ Section 825.300(e) clarifies that fail-ure to comply with the notice requirements set forth in this section could constitute in-terference with, restraint of, or denial of the use of FMLA leave. The Board proposed that the following language be included in the OOC regulations: Consequences of failing to provide notice. Failure to follow the notice requirements set forth in this section may constitute an inter-ference with, restraint, or denial of the exer-cise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An em-ploying office may be liable for compensa-tion and benefits lost by reason of the viola-tion, for other actual monetary losses sus-tained as a direct result of the violation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, in-cluding employment, reinstatement, pro-motion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See section 825.400(c). One commenter asserted that the proposed regulation section 825.300(e) derives from sec-tion 109 of the FMLA, and suggested deleting the entire section because the Board had pro-posed to establish a remedy for a right that does not exist under the FMLA, as applied by the CAA. The CAA incorporates the ‘‘rights and protections established by section 101 through 105’’ of the FMLA and incorporates remedies ‘‘as would be appropriate if award-ed under’’ section 107(a)(1) of the FMLA. See 2 U.S.C. §§1312(a)(1), (b). The Board agrees that Section 109 of the FMLA is not incor-porated in the CAA, and that no legal au-thority exists for a regulation that incor-porates requirements and penalties based on section 109 of the FMLA. However, the Board does not agree with the commenter’s asser-tion that the remedies for section 825.300(e) derive from Section 109 of the FMLA, and finds that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.301 addresses an employing of-fice’s obligations regarding timely designa-tion of leave as FMLA-qualifying and reiter-ates the requirement to notify the employee of the designation within five business days. Among other things, this section requires that the employing office’s designation deci-sion be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s rep-resentative and also provides that, if the em-ploying office does not have sufficient infor-mation about the employee’s reason for leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or of the employee’s spokesperson. One commenter suggested that the second sentence of subsection (e) regarding cat-egories of potential remedies directs the reader to ‘‘See 825.400(c),’’ as does the DOL regulation. However, that section in the Board’s proposed regulations simply ref-erences the regulations of the Office of Com-pliance, and suggests the reference be de-leted. The Board agrees with the comment, and has modified the language of section 825.400 to include the potential remedies. Another commenter suggested deleting the second sentence in section 825.301(e) for the same reasons as stated under section 825.220, above, that under the CAA, an employee is not entitled to both compensation and other actual monetary losses sustained. As dis-cussed previously, the Board does not agree with the assertion that there is no legal au-thority for the remedies provided in section 825.301(e), and has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.302 Employee notice require-ments for foreseeable FMLA leave. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. In general, section 825.302 addresses an employ-ee’s obligation to provide notice of the need for foreseeable FMLA leave. This includes requiring an employee to give at least 30 days’ notice when the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance or ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ if leave is foresee-able but 30 days’ notice is not practicable. In such cases, employees must respond to re-quests from employing offices to explain why it was not possible to give 30 days’ notice. Further, the language in this section defines ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ to be ‘‘as soon as both possible and practical, taking into ac-count all of the facts and circumstances in the individual case.’’ This is a change from defining ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ as ‘‘ordi-narily within one or two business days.’’ Further, when an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA but must provide: sufficient information that in-dicates that a condition renders the em-ployee unable to perform the functions of the job, or if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family mem-ber unable to perform daily activities; the anticipated duration of the absence; and whether the employee or the employee’s family member intends to visit a health care provider or has a condition for which the em-ployee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider. The regulations set forth the types of information that an employee may have to provide in order to put an employing of-fice on notice of the employee’s need for FMLA-protected leave. Rather than estab-lish a list of information that must be pro-vided in all cases, the regulations provide ad-ditional guidance to employees so that they would know what information to provide to their employing offices. The nature of the in-formation necessary to put the employing of-fice on notice of the need for FMLA leave will vary depending on the circumstances. Employees seeking leave for previously certified FMLA leave must inform the em-ploying office that the leave is for a condi-tion, covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency that was previously certified or for which the em-ployee has previously taken FMLA leave. While an employee must still comply with the employing office’s usual notice and pro-cedural requirements for calling in absences and requesting leave, under the new regula-tions, language stating that an employing office cannot delay or deny FMLA leave if an employee fails to follow such procedures has been deleted. However, employing offices may need to inquire further to determine for which reason the leave is being taken, and employees will be required to respond to such inquiries. Additionally, the regulations make clear that the requirement that an employee and employing office attempt to work out a schedule without unduly disrupting the em-ploying office’s operations applies only to military caregiver leave. It does not apply to qualifying exigency leave. 825.302 (g) Regarding a waiver of notice requirements, one commenter suggested replacing the ref-erence ‘‘See 825.304’’ with the more specific reference ‘‘See 825.304(e).’’ The Board under-stands that such a reference would be more direct, but as such would have limited con-text. Therefore, the Board finds that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.303 Employee notice require-ments for unforeseeable FMLA leave. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.303 addresses an employee’s obli-gation to provide notice when the need for FMLA leave is unforeseeable. Section 825.303 retains the current standard that employees must provide notice of their need for unfore-seeable leave ‘‘as soon as practicable under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4137 June 22, 2016 
the facts and circumstances of the particular case,’’ but instead of expecting employees to give notice ‘‘within no more than one or two working days of learning of the need for leave,’’ in ‘‘unusual circumstances,’’ notice should be provided within the time pre-scribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applicable to such leave. Section 825.303 also retains the current standard that employees need not assert their rights under the FMLA or even mention the FMLA to put employing offices on notice of the need for unforeseeable FMLA leave, but adds the same language used in proposed section 825.302 clarifying what information must be provided in order to give sufficient notice to the employing of-fice of the need for FMLA leave. New regula-tions in section 825.303 add that the em-ployee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to de-termine whether leave is FMLA-qualifying, explaining that calling in ‘‘sick,’’ without providing additional information, would not be sufficient notice. Section 825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.304 follows the DOL’s reorganiza-tion of the rules that are applicable to leave foreseeable at least 30 days in advance, leave foreseeable less than 30 days in advance, and unforeseeable leave. This section retains lan-guage that FMLA leave cannot be delayed due to lack of required employee notice if the employing office has not complied with its notice requirements. One commenter suggested deleting or amending the sentence ‘‘This condition would be satisfied by the employing office’s proper posting, at the worksite where the employee is employed, of the information re-garding the FMLA provided (pursuant to sec-tion 301(h)(2) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §1381(h)(2)) by the Office of Compliance to the employing office in a manner suitable for posting’’ be-cause posting is merely one way in which an employing office could provide employees with actual notice of the FMLA’s notice re-quirements. Another commenter stated that since the FMLA’s posting requirements do not apply to congressional employing offices, the Board has good cause to clarify that an employing office can also meet its notice re-quirements by distributing a written FMLA policy to employees, or including an FMLA policy in an employee handbook. The regula-tion merely suggests a method to provide no-tice, but does not provide that it is the only method. Therefore, the Board has deter-mined that good cause has not been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.305 Certification, general rule. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Under the FMLA, as applied under the CAA, employing offices are permitted to require that employees provide a certification from their health care provider (or their family member’s health care provider, as appro-priate) to support the need for leave due to a serious health condition. Section 825.305 sets forth the general rules governing em-ploying office requests for medical certifi-cation to substantiate an employee’s need for FMLA leave due to a serious health con-dition. Military family leave provisions have been added to permit employing offices to re-quire employees to provide a certification in the case of leave taken for a qualifying exi-gency or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Section 825.305 applies generally to all types of cer-tification. In most cases, for example, former references to ‘‘medical certification’’ have been changed to ‘‘certification.’’ In section 825.305, the employing office should request that an employee furnish cer-tification from a health care provider at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days there-after, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. This time frame has been in-creased from two to five business days after notice of the need for FMLA leave is pro-vided. Further, the employing office may re-quest certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its dura-tion. This section also adds a 15-day time pe-riod for providing a requested certification to all cases. Definitions of incomplete and insufficient certifications have been added in this sec-tion, as well as a procedure for curing an in-complete or insufficient certification. This procedure requires that an employing office notify the employee in writing as to what additional information is necessary for the medical certification and provides seven cal-endar days in which the employee must pro-vide the additional information. If an em-ployee fails to submit a complete and suffi-cient certification, despite the opportunity to cure the deficiency, the employing office may deny the request for FMLA leave. Section 825.305 also deletes an earlier pro-vision that if a less stringent medical certifi-cation standard applies under the employing office’s sick leave plan, only that lesser standard may be required when the employee substitutes any form of paid leave for FMLA leave and replaces it with a provision allow-ing employing offices to require a new cer-tification on an annual basis for conditions lasting beyond a single leave year. 825.305(b) One commenter suggested that the oppor-tunity to ‘‘cure’’ any deficiency be deleted because it makes no sense to have the em-ployee serve as a ‘‘go-between’’—referencing its comments to section 825.307(a), below [suggesting the employing office be able to speak directly to the healthcare provider]. The Board has determined that good cause has not been shown to modify DOL regula-tions. Section 825.306 Content of medical certifi-cation for leave taken because of an em-ployee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.306 addresses the information an employing office can require in the medical certification to substantiate the existence of a serious health condition (of the employee or a family member) and the employee’s need for leave due to the condition, and adds: the health care provider’s specialization; guidance as to what may constitute appro-priate medical facts, including that a health care provider may provide a diagnosis; and whether intermittent or reduced schedule leave is medically necessary. Section 825.306 clarifies that where a serious health condi-tion may also be a disability, employing of-fices are not prevented from following the procedures under the Americans with Dis-abilities Act (ADA), as applied under the CAA, for requesting medical information. Section 825.306 also contains new language that employing offices may not require em-ployees to sign a release of their medical in-formation as a condition of taking FMLA leave. 825.306(a)(4) One commenter suggested deleting ‘‘and (c)’’ because section 825.123(c) does not exist in the proposed regulations. The Board has made the suggested change. This section does not apply to the military family leave provisions. The Board’s pro-posed regulations have revised the current optional certification form into two separate optional forms, one for the employee’s own serious health condition and one for the seri-ous health condition of a covered family member. Section 825.307 Authentication and clarifica-tion of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own seri-ous health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL’s amendments covered under this section. Sec-tion 825.307 addresses the employing office’s ability to clarify or authenticate a complete and sufficient FMLA certification. Section 825.307 defines the terms ‘‘authentication’’ and ‘‘clarification.’’ ‘‘Authentication’’ in-volves providing the health care provider with a copy of the certification and request-ing verification that the information on the form was completed and/or authorized by the provider. The regulations add that no addi-tional medical information may be requested and the employee’s permission is not re-quired. In contrast, ‘‘clarification’’ involves contacting the employee’s health care pro-vider in order to understand the handwriting on the medical certification or to understand the meaning of a response. As is the case with authentication, no additional informa-tion beyond that included in the certifi-cation form may be requested. Any contact with the employee’s health care provider must comply with the requirements of the HIPAA Privacy Rule. It is no longer necessary that the employ-ing office utilize a health care provider to make the contact with the employee’s health care provider, but the regulations do clarify who may contact the employee’s health care provider and ensure that the employee’s di-rect supervisor is not the point of contact. Employee consent to the contact is no longer required. However, before the employing of-fice contacts the employee’s health care pro-vider for clarification or authentication of the FMLA certification, the employee must first be given an opportunity to cure any de-ficiencies in the certification. Section 825.307 also provides requirements for an employing office’s request for a second opinion, and adds language requiring the employee or the employee’s family member to authorize his or her health care provider to release rel-evant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if such in-formation is requested by the second opinion health care provider. Section 825.307 also in-creases the number of days the employing of-fice has to provide an employee with a re-quested copy of a second or third opinion from two to five business days. This section of the regulations does not apply to the mili-tary family leave provisions. One commenter supported allowing an in-dividual from the employing office other than a health care professional to contact the health care provider for purposes of clar-ification and authentication of the medical certification. One commenter suggested that the ‘‘clari-fication and authentication’’ creates more confusion than guidance. The commenter suggested that requiring the employer to first speak with the employee regarding clar-ification before it may directly contact the healthcare provider creates an opportunity for miscommunication about the informa-tion actually needed by the employer, an issue that can be best handled by direct com-munication. The commenter also believes that the regulation would allow an employee who may have furnished a fraudulent certifi-cation to ‘‘cure’’ the defect, and suggests 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4138 June 22, 2016 
that section 825.307(c) be deleted. Further, rather than deny an FMLA request for fail-ure to ‘clarify the certification’ as in sub-section (a), the commenter suggests that the regulation permit the employee to provide advanced authorization to the employing of-fice to contact the healthcare provider for clarification or authentication. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify DOL regulations. Another commenter suggested that the fourth sentence of section 825.307(a) address-es the issue of who within an employing of-fice may contact the eligible employee’s health care provider to clarify and/or au-thenticate the medical certification sub-mitted by the employee. Specifically, the sentence, which is the same as that in the DOL’s regulation, states that ‘‘Under no cir-cumstances, however, may the employee’s direct supervisor contact the employee’s health care provider.’’ The commenter sug-gested that this provision would be unwork-able with respect to many employing offices of the House, particularly Member offices, due to the statutory limit on the size of those offices. Specifically, under 2 U.S.C. §5321(a), Member offices are permitted to employ no more than 22 employees (this cov-ers the total number of employees for both the Washington, D.C. and district offices). Accordingly, the vast majority of House em-ploying offices do not have separate human resources divisions to assure compliance with the FMLA. In actuality, it is often the employee’s direct supervisor (e.g. the Dis- trict Director or the Chief of Staff) who han-dles FMLA requests. If the direct supervisor is prohibited from contacting the employee’s health care provider, the employing office would have to find someone else—perhaps a peer/co-worker of the employee seeking FMLA—to contact the health care provider. This would unnecessarily expand the scope of individuals with knowledge of the employ-ee’s FMLA request, and would be incon-sistent with the spirit of the regulations re-quiring that access to such FMLA-related in-formation be limited to as few persons as possible to preserve privacy and confiden-tiality. The commenter also mentioned that it is notable that the DOL regulation applies to employers who have at least 50 employees (29 C.F.R. §825.104(a)), or are public agencies that are more likely to have other managers or a human resources office to contact health care providers. The commenter be-lieves that, with respect to the House, there is good cause to deviate from the DOL regu-lations and to delete the fourth sentence from subsection (a). Based on these comments and the unique nature of employing offices under the CAA, the Board modifies its regulation by deleting the fourth sentence and adding in its place ‘‘An employee’s direct supervisor may not contact the employee’s healthcare provider, unless the direct supervisor is also the only individual in the employing office designated to process FMLA requests and the direct su-pervisor receives specific authorization from the employee to contact the employee’s health care provider.’’ This change will allow smaller employing offices, who only have one person designated to process FMLA leave requests to clarify and authenticate an employee’s FMLA certification without vio-lating the OOC’s FMLA regulations. This narrowly tailored language will maintain the intent of the regulation—to prevent an em-ployee’s direct supervisor from contacting the employee’s healthcare provider to clarify and authenticate a certification—without preventing small employing offices from clarifying and authenticating FMLA leave certifications. A commenter also suggested that the ref-erence to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) in section (a) be deleted. HIPAA, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to take en-forcement action against health plans, health care clearinghouses, and specific health care providers for violations of pri-vacy standards. 42 U.S.C. §1320d, et seq.; 45 C.F.R. §§160.102, 160.312. HIPAA does not cre-ate any obligations for Congressional em-ploying offices. Thus, although a health care provider may require that a patient complete an appropriate HIPAA-authorization before that health care provider will speak to a rep-resentative of that patient’s employing of-fice, there is no basis for any implication that HIPAA applies to Congressional employ-ers. The commenter suggested that the regu-latory language in subsection (a) referencing HIPAA be deleted. The reference to HIPAA in this section should not be read to apply HIPAA to employing offices. However, it should be clear that the level of privacy af-forded individually-identifiable health infor-mation created or held by HIPAA-covered entities is satisfied when this information is shared with an employing office by a HIPAA- covered health care provider. The Board finds that good cause has not been shown to modify the DOL regulation. One commenter would like clarification on whether an employing office may rely on the findings of a second or third opinion exam-ination to deny FMLA leave for a future ab-sence requested by the employee for the same condition. Current regulations are si-lent with respect to the use of second and third opinion examinations. The Board finds that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.308 Recertifications for leave taken because of an employee’s own seri-ous health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments covered in this section. Section 825.308 of the regulations addresses the em-ploying office’s ability to seek recertifi-cation of an employee’s medical condition. This section has been reorganized to clarify how often employing offices may seek recer-tification in situations where the minimum duration of the condition, as opposed to the duration of the period of incapacity, exceeds 30 days. Thus, an employing office may re-quest recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless the medical certification indicates that the minimum du-ration of the condition is more than 30 days, then an employing office must wait until that minimum duration expires before re-questing a recertification. In all cases, an employing office may request a recertifi-cation of a medical condition every six months in connection with an absence by the employee. An employing office may request recertification in less than 30 days if, among other things, the employee requests an ex-tension of leave or circumstances described by the previous certification change signifi-cantly. This section clarifies that an employ-ing office may request the same information on recertification as required for the initial certification and the employee has the same obligation to cooperate in providing recer-tification as he or she does in providing the initial certification. One commenter suggested that the Board clarify that an employing office may provide ‘‘a record of the employee’s absence pattern’’ directly to the healthcare provider. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.309 Certification for leave taken because of a qualifying exigency. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL’s regulations under this section. Under the military family leave provisions of the DOL regulations, an employing office may require that leave taken because of a qualifying exi-gency be supported by a certification and re-quire that the employee provide a copy of the covered military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military, which indicates that the covered military member is on active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to active duty) in support of a contingency op-eration, as well as the dates of the covered military member’s active duty service. While a form requesting this basic information may be used by the employing office, no in-formation may be required beyond that spec-ified in this section and in all instances the information on the form must relate only to the qualifying exigency for which the cur-rent need for leave exists. Section 825.309 also establishes the verification process for certifications. This section also provides that the infor-mation required in a certification need only be provided to the employing office the first time an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency arising out of a par-ticular active duty or call to active duty of a covered military member. While additional information may be needed to provide cer-tification for subsequent requests for exi-gency leave, an employee is only required to give a copy of the active duty orders to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military only needs to be provided to the employing office if the need for leave be-cause of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different active duty or call to active duty order of the same or a different covered mili-tary member. See DOL (Form WH–384) and OOC regulations proposed Form E. One commenter suggested adding ‘‘or Form WH–384 (developed by the Department of Labor)’’ between ‘‘Form E’’ and ‘‘another form containing the same basic informa-tion’’ for consistency with other provisions cross-referencing DOL forms. See, e.g., §825.306(b) and §825.310(d). The Board has made the suggested change. An employing office may contact an appro-priate unit of the Department of Defense (DOD) to request verification that a covered military member has been called to active duty status (or notified of an impending call to active duty status) in support of a contin-gency operation. Again, no additional infor-mation may be requested by the employing office and the employee’s permission is not required. This verification process will pro-tect employees from unnecessary intrusion while still providing a useful tool for em-ploying offices to verify the certification in-formation given to them. Consistent with the amendments to sec-tion 825.126(b)(6), with respect to Rest and Recuperation qualifying exigency leave, the employing office is permitted to request a copy of the military member’s Rest and Re-cuperation orders, or other documentation issued by the military indicating that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuperation leave, as well as the dates of the leave, in order to determine the employ-ee’s specific qualifying exigency leave period available for Rest and Recuperation. Em-ploying offices may also contact the appro-priate unit of the DOD to verify that the military member is on active duty or call to active duty status. The employee’s permis-sion is not required to conduct such verifications. The employing office may not, however, request any additional information. Section 825.310 Certification for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4139 June 22, 2016 
this section. While the military family leave provisions of the NDAA amended the FMLA’s certification requirements to permit an employer to request certification for leave taken to care for a covered service-member, the FMLA’s existing certification requirements focus on providing information related to a serious health condition—a term that is not necessarily relevant to leave taken to care for a covered servicemember. At the same time, the military family leave provisions of the NDAA do not explicitly re-quire that a sufficient certification for pur-poses of military caregiver leave provide rel-evant information regarding the covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. Section 825.310 of the DOL’s regulations pro-vide that when leave is taken to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an employer may require an em-ployee to support his or her request for leave with a sufficient certification. An employer may require that certain necessary informa-tion to support the request for leave be sup-ported by a certification from one of the fol-lowing authorized health care providers: (1) a DOD health care provider; (2) a VA health care provider; (3) a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; or (4) a DOD non-network TRICARE authorized private health care provider. Sections 825.310(b)–(c) of the DOL regulations set forth the information an employing office may re-quest from an employee (or the authorized health care provider) in order to support the employee’s request for leave. The DOL devel-oped a new optional form, Form WH–385, which the Board adopted for proposed OOC Form F. The Board agrees that OOC Form F may be used to obtain appropriate informa-tion to support an employee’s request for leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. However, an employing office may use any form con-taining the following basic information: (1) whether the servicemember has incurred a serious injury or illness; (2) whether the in-jury or illness may render the servicemem-ber medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank, or rating; (3) whether the injury or illness was incurred by the member in line of duty on active duty; and (4) whether the servicemember is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise on outpatient sta-tus, or is otherwise on the temporary dis-ability retired list. Additionally, as is the case for any required certification for leave taken to care for a family member with a se-rious health condition, no information may be required beyond that specified above. In all instances, the information on any re-quired certification must relate only to the serious injury or illness for which the cur-rent need for leave exists. Additionally, section 825.310 of the pro-posed OOC regulations provides that an em-ploying office requiring an employee to sub-mit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must accept as suffi-cient certification ‘‘invitational travel or-ders’’ (ITOs) or ‘‘invitational travel author-izations’’ (ITAs) issued by the DOD for a family member to join an injured or ill serv-icemember at his or her bedside. If an em-ployee will need leave to care for a covered servicemember beyond the expiration date specified in an ITO or an ITA, the regula-tions provide that an employing office may request further certification from the em-ployee. Lastly this section provides that in all instances in which certification is re-quested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with com-plete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. The regulations also permit an eligible em-ployee who is a spouse, parent, son, daughter or next of kin of a covered servicemember to submit an ITO or ITA issued to another fam-ily member as sufficient certification for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA, even if the employee seeking leave is not the named recipient on the ITO or ITA. The reg-ulations further permit an employing office to authenticate and clarify medical certifi-cations submitted to support a request for leave to care for a covered servicemember using the procedures applicable to FMLA leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition. However, unlike the recertification, second and third opinion processes used for other types of FMLA leave, recertification, second and third opinions are not warranted for pur-poses of military caregiver leave when the certification has been completed by a DOD health care provider, a VA health care pro-vider, a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider, or a DOD non- network TRICARE authorized private health care provider, but are permitted when the certification has been completed by a health care provider who is not affiliated with the DOD, VA, or TRICARE. An employee seeking to take military caregiver leave must provide the requested certification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the par-ticular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. One commenter suggested that the ref-erence to section 825.122(j) in the final sen-tence of subsection (d) be changed to section 825.122(k). The Board has made the suggested correction to the provision. One commenter suggested replacing ‘‘How-ever, second and third opinions under 825.307 are not permitted for leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember’’ with ‘‘Second and third opinions under 825.307 are not permitted for leave to care for a covered servicemember when the certification has been completed by one of the types of healthcare providers identified in 825.310(a)(1–4). However, second and third opinions under 825.307 are per-mitted when the certification has been com-pleted by a health care provider as defined in 825.125 that is not one of the types identified in 825.310(a)(1)–(4).’’ The Board has made the requested correction to the provision. Section 825.311 Intent to Return to Work. One commenter noted that section 825.311(b) states that, ‘‘subject to COBRA re-quirements or 5 U.S.C. §8905a, whichever is applicable’’ employing offices do not need to maintain health benefits once an employee gives unequivocal notice of his or her intent not to return to work. The commenter sug-gested that DOL regulations do not contain the reference to 5 U.S.C. §8905a. The com-menter suggested that it is unclear whether the Board considered the application of the Affordable Care Act and/or enrollment in state exchanges in developing its language. The commenter requests that the Board state its position on this issue. The Board has deleted reference to ‘‘5 U.S.C. §8905a.’’ Section 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL’s regulations under this section. Section 825.312 addresses the fitness-for-duty certification that an em-ployee may be required to submit upon re-turn to work from FMLA leave. This section clarifies that employees have the same obli-gation to provide a complete certification or provide sufficient authorization to the health care provider in order for that person to provide the information directly to the employing office in the fitness-for-duty cer-tification process as they do in the initial certification process. The employing office may require that the fitness-for-duty certifi-cation address the employee’s ability to per-form the essential functions of the employ-ee’s job, as long as the employing office pro-vides the employee with a list of those essen-tial job functions no later than the employ-ing office provides the designation notice. The designation notice must indicate that the certification address the employee’s abil-ity to perform those essential functions. An employing office may contact the employee’s health care provider directly, consistent with the procedure in proposed section 825.307(a), for purposes of authenticating or clarifying the fitness-for-duty certification. The employing office is required to advise the employee in the eligibility notice re-quired by proposed section 825.300(b) if the employing office will require a fitness-for- duty certification to return to work. Em-ployees are not entitled to the reinstatement protections of the Act if they do not provide the required fitness-for-duty certification or request additional FMLA leave. Section 825.312 also requires that the em-ploying office uniformly apply its policies permitting fitness-for-duty certifications to intermittent and reduced schedule leave users when reasonable safety concerns are present, but limits the frequency of such cer-tifications to once in a 30–day period in which intermittent or reduced schedule leave was taken. ‘‘Reasonable safety con-cerns’’ means a reasonable belief of a signifi-cant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. This is meant to be a high standard. Thus, the determination that there are reasonable safety concerns must rely on objective factual evidence, not subjective perceptions. Employing offices cannot, under this section, require such cer-tifications in all intermittent or reduced leave schedule situations, but only where reasonable safety concerns are present. There is no fitness-for-duty certification form, nor is there any specific format such a certification must follow as long as it con-tains the required information. An employ-ing office is allowed to require that the fit-ness-for-duty certification address the em-ployee’s ability to perform the essential functions of his or her position. However, the employing office can choose to accept a sim-ple statement in place of the fitness-for-duty certification (or not require a fitness-for- duty certification at all). There is no second and third opinion proc-ess for a fitness-for-duty certification. A fit-ness-for-duty certification need only address the condition for which FMLA leave was taken and the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the job. The em-ployee’s health care provider determines whether a separate examination is required in order to determine the employee’s fitness to return to duty under the FMLA. A med-ical examination at the employing office’s expense may be required only after the em-ployee has returned from FMLA leave and must be job-related and consistent with busi-ness necessity as required by the ADA. The employing office cannot delay the employ-ee’s return to work while arranging for and having the employee undergo a medical ex-amination. One commenter suggested that this provi-sion limits an employing office’s ability to seek a fitness-for-duty certification at any time it deems necessary, and that it would be negligent to preclude a fitness-for-duty test on an officer carrying a weapon because the FMLA regulations limit the ability to conduct a fitness-for-duty test. The com-menter suggested that proposed section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4140 June 22, 2016 
825.312(i) be added to permit the employing office to conduct fitness for duty certifi-cations at any time it deems a police officer may not be able to perform the essential functions of the position, and that it not be considered retaliation. The Board has deter-mined that good cause has not been shown to modify the DOL regulation. 825.312(e) One commenter noted that when an em-ployee is delayed by the employer from re-turning to work because the employee has not provided a fitness-for-duty certification, it is not clear what the employee’s status is. The commenter suggested that the regula-tion permit the employing office to carry the employee in an AWOL (absent without ap-proved leave) status, or the employee may use approved annual leave until the certifi-cation is provided. The commenter also sug-gested the regulation provide a 15 day time limit for the employee to act on the fitness for duty certification. The Board has deter-mined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.313 Failure to provide certifi-cation. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.313 explains the con-sequences for an employee who fails to pro-vide medical certification in a timely man-ner. An employing office may deny FMLA leave until the required certification is pro-vided. This section also addresses the con-sequences of failing to provide timely recer-tification. Section 825.313 also clarifies that recertification does not apply to leave taken for a qualifying exigency or to care for a cov-ered servicemember. Employees must be provided at least 15 calendar days to provide the requested cer-tification, and are entitled to additional time when they are unable to meet that deadline despite their diligent, good-faith ef-forts. An employee’s certification (or recer-tification) is not untimely until that period has passed. Employing offices may deny FMLA protection when an employee fails to provide a timely certification or recertifi-cation, but the FMLA does not require em-ploying offices to do so. Employing offices always have the option of accepting an un-timely certification and not denying FMLA protection to any absences that occurred during the period in which the certification was delayed. One commenter suggested that while con-sistent with the language of the DOL regula-tion that states, ‘‘If the employee never pro-duces the certification, the leave is not FMLA leave,’’ the proposed regulation nec-essarily begs the question: when can an em-ploying office plausibly state that the em-ployee ‘‘never’’ produced a certification? Given this ambiguity, the commenter sug-gested that the Board deviate from the DOL language and provide more direction in this area by amending the last sentence of this section to read, ‘‘If the employee fails to produce the certification after a reasonable amount of time under the circumstances, the leave is not FMLA leave.’’ Although there still may be a question of what constitutes a ‘‘reasonable amount of time under the cir-cumstances,’’ this language, in the com-menter’s view, provides more clarity on the issue. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. One commenter suggested that a ‘‘grace period’’ should be provided, as it proposes in section 312(e) above, to bridge the gap be-tween the expiration of FMLA leave and ter-mination. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. SUBPART D—Administrative Process Section 825.400, Administrative Process, gen-eral rules. One commenter suggested that section 825.400 be deleted in its entirety because the CAA specifically addresses the procedures to be followed, and the proposed regulation is duplicative. Additionally, the commenter proposed that regulation section 825.400(c) is not appropriate and should be deleted be-cause it does not govern ‘‘enforcement of the FMLA rights,’’ and the citation to a website does not assist in determining what proce-dures have been approved by Congress. Another commenter agreed that there is good cause not to adopt the DOL regulation because the enforcement provisions of the FMLA differ from those applicable in CAA actions. However, in section 825.400(c), the commenter suggested that the Board iden-tify the exact name/nature of the procedures referenced, and also clarify that these proce-dures only apply to CAA complaints pending before the OOC, not those brought in federal court. Upon review of the comments regarding section 825.400, the Board has decided to re-tain section 825.400 in the final regulation, change the title of the Subpart D from ‘‘En-forcement Mechanisms’’ to ‘‘Administrative Process’’ and change the subtitle ‘‘Enforce-ment, general rules’’ to ‘‘Administrative Process, general rules.’’ In addition, the DOL language added as section 825.400(c) to the Board’s final regulation describes the rem-edies available to covered employees for a violation of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Sections 825.401–825.404 Filing a complaint with the Federal Government; Violations of the posting requirement; Appealing the assessment of a penalty for willful viola-tion of the posting requirement; Con-sequences for an employer when not pay-ing the penalty assessment after a final order is issued. These sections do not apply to the CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regula-tions. SUBPART E—RECORDKEEPING REQUIRE-MENTS Section 825.500 Recordkeeping requirements. This section does not apply to the CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS Sections 825.600–825.604 Special rules for school employees, definitions; Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave; Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term; Spe-cial rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave; Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under these sections. Sections 825.600–825.604 cover the special rules applicable to instructional employees. When an eligible instructional employee needs intermittent leave or leave on a reduced schedule basis to care for a cov-ered servicemember, the employee may choose to either: (1) take leave for a period or periods of particular duration; or (2) transfer temporarily to an available alter-native position with equivalent pay and ben-efits that better accommodates recurring pe-riods of leave. These sections also extend some of the lim-itations on leave near the end of an academic term to leave requested during this period to care for a covered servicemember. If an in-structional employee begins leave for a pur-pose other than the employee’s own serious health condition during the five-week period before the end of the term, the employing of-fice may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than two weeks and the employee would return to work during the two-week period before the end of the term. Further, an employing office may require an instructional employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the em-ployee begins leave that will last more than five working days for a purpose other than the employee’s own serious health condition during the three-week period before the end of the term. The types of leave that are sub-ject to the limitations are: (1) leave because of the birth of a son or daughter, (2) leave be-cause of the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care, (3) leave taken to care for a spouse, parent, or child with a se-rious health condition, and (4) leave taken to care for a covered servicemember. One commenter suggested that this provi-sion demonstrated a need for FMLA regula-tions specific to the House. The commenter suggested that, unlike in the Senate, the House no longer has a school and thus these regulations are inapplicable to the House. The Board finds no good cause to modify the regulation as a whole. SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE-MENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA Section 825.700 Interaction with employing office’s policies. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.700 provides that an employing office may not limit the rights es-tablished by the FMLA through an employ-ment benefit program or plan, but an em-ploying office may provide greater leave rights than the FMLA requires. This section also provides that an employing office may amend existing leave programs, so long as they comply with the FMLA, and that noth-ing in the FMLA is intended to discourage employing offices from adopting or retaining more generous leave policies. The Board pro-posed to follow the DOL regulations and de-lete from the current OOC section 825.700(a) the following: ‘‘If an employee takes paid or unpaid leave and the employing office does not designate the leave as FMLA leave, the leave taken does not count against an em-ployee’s FMLA entitlement.’’ As explained by the DOL, this last sentence of section 825.700(a) was deleted in order to conform to the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Ragsdale v. Wolverine World Wide , 535 U.S. 81 (2002), which specifically invalidated this provision. 825.700(a) One commenter objected to the first sen-tence of this section, suggesting that the proposed regulation state that where an em-ploying office fails to observe a program pro-viding greater benefits than those provided under the FMLA, the employee has a right to bring a claim under the CAA. The com-menter suggested instead, that the avenue for redress of a claim arising in another pro-gram, for example in the collective bar-gaining agreement, would be through the grievance process or another section of the CAA, and not under the FMLA provision of the CAA. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. One commenter notes that subsection (a) limits an employing office’s ability to change its policies, including a policy with greater employment benefits, impermissibly requiring an employing office to continue a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4141 June 22, 2016 
benefit program that it may no longer be able to afford. Thus, it improperly limits management’s right to determine its own policies. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. One commenter agrees that the Board should follow the DOL regulation to comply with the Supreme Court’s decision in Ragsdale v. Wolverine World Wide , 535 U.S. 81 (2002) (holding that an employer may retro-actively designate leave as FMLA leave under certain circumstances). However, the commenter urges the Board to further clar-ify the following language: ‘‘An employing office must observe any employment benefit program or plan that provides greater family or medical leave rights to employees than the rights established by the FMLA.’’ Spe-cifically, the commenter suggested that the Board clarify what constitutes such an em-ployment benefit program or plan. This pro-posed section discusses a hypothetical exam-ple of a collective bargaining agreement which provides for reinstatement rights based on seniority; however, the commenter recommends that the Board offer additional examples (e.g., to clarify whether leave poli-cies set forth in an employee handbook qual-ify) and clarify that this language does not contemplate the application of state law. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulations. Section 825.701 Interaction with State laws. This DOL section does not apply to the CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. Section 825.702 Interaction with anti-dis-crimination laws, as applied by section 201 of the CAA. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.702 addresses the interaction between the FMLA and other Federal and State antidiscrimination laws. Section 825.702 discusses the interaction be-tween the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) and the FMLA. Under USERRA, a returning servicemember would be entitled to FMLA leave if, after including the hours that he or she would have worked for the ci-vilian employing office during the period of military service, the employee would have met the FMLA eligibility threshold. This is not an expansion of FMLA rights through regulation; this is a requirement of USERRA. With respect to the interaction of the FMLA and ADA, where both laws may apply, the applicability of each statute needs to be evaluated independently. Further, the reference to employers who receive Federal financial assistance and em-ployers who contract with the Federal gov-ernment in this section has not been adopted by the Board because federal contractor em-ployers are not covered by the CAA. One commenter suggested adding ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ between ‘‘(ADA)’’ and ‘‘the employing office.’’ The same com-menter suggested adding ‘‘as made applica-ble by the CAA’’ after ‘‘afford an employee his or her FMLA rights.’’ The Board has made the suggested changes. One commenter suggested adding ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ after ‘‘he or she will have rights under the ADA.’’ The Board has made the suggested change. COMMENTS ON MODEL FORMS: I. In its final regulations, the DOL re-moved the following optional-use forms and notices from the Appendix of the regula-tions, but continued to make them available to the public on the WHD Web site: Forms WH–380–E (Certification of Health Care Pro-vider for Employee’s Serious Health Condi-tion); WH–380–F (Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition); WH–381 (Notice of Eligi-bility and Rights & Responsibilities); WH–382 (Designation Notice); WH–384 (Certification of Qualifying Exigency for Military Family Leave); WH–385 (Certification for Serious In-jury or Illness of Current Servicemember for Military Family Leave); and WH–385–V (Cer-tification for Serious Injury or Illness of a Veteran for Military Caregiver Leave). The Board proposed to revise its forms and to make the following OOC forms available on its website: Form A: Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition; Form B: Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; Form C: Notice of Eligibility and Rights and Responsibilities; Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of FMLA Leave; Form E: Certification of Quali-fying Exigency for Military Family Leave; Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Covered Servicemember for Mili-tary Family Leave; and Form G: Certifi-cation for Serious Injury or Illness of a Vet-eran for Military Caregiver Leave. The Board’s proposed forms now include ref-erences to the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act of 2008, which is made ap-plicable to employees covered under the CAA. In any event, the use of a specific set of forms is optional and other forms requir-ing the same information may be used in-stead. In proposing these revised forms, the Board recognizes that the use of specific forms play a key role in employing offices’ compliance with the FMLA and employees’ ability to take FMLA protected leave when needed. One commenter recommended that the OOC follow its past practice of creating FMLA-related forms that are CAA-compli-ant rather than directing covered employees and employing offices to the DOL website for the appropriate forms. One commenter suggested that these forms should be available on the OOC’s website and not in the regulations themselves because use of the proposed model forms is not re-quired. The Board will make the forms avail-able on the OOC website and, consistent with the DOL, will not include them in its regula-tions. Some commenters suggested minor changes to the forms, and the Board has made the appropriate modifications. One commenter suggested that the Board adopt and include (on Model Forms A, B, F, and G) the EEOC’s ‘‘safe harbor’’ language for employers to use to warn employees that their healthcare providers should not provide genetic information in their response to an FMLA request. The commenter suggested use of the EEOC’s model warning language as opposed to the DOL language that was in-cluded in the Board’s proposal. The com-menter also suggested that the language should be more prominent and obvious, which would have the intended effect of re-ducing additional notices to employees and thus burdens on the employing offices. Hav-ing reviewed the EEOC’s model warning lan-guage, as well as model warning language from government agencies and private em-ployers, the Board finds good cause to mod-ify the DOL’s GINA model warning language on Forms A, B, F, and G. Substantive Regulations Adopted by the Board of Directors of the Office of Com-pliance Extending Rights and Protections Under the Family and Medical Act of 1993, as amended, as Made Applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act FINAL REGULATIONS 
Part 825—Family and Medical Leave 
825.1 Purpose and Scope. 
SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRES-SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. 825.102 Definitions. 825.103 [Reserved] 825.104 Covered employing offices. 825.105 [Reserved] 825.106 Joint employer coverage. 825.107–825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employee. 825.111 [Reserved] 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general rule. 825.113 Serious health condition. 825.114 Inpatient care. 825.115 Continuing treatment. 825.116–825.118 [Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance abuse. 825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemem-ber, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adop-tion, foster care, son or daughter on cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 825.123 Unable to perform the functions of the position. 825.124 Needed to care for a family member or covered servicemember. 825.125 Definition of health care provider. 825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exi-gency. 825.127 Leave to care for a covered service-member with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
SUBPART B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT 
825.200 Amount of leave. 825.201 Leave to care for a parent. 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave schedule. 825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or re-duced schedule leave. 825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alter-native position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 825.208 [Reserved] 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. 825.210 Employee payment of group health benefit premiums. 825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi- employer health plans. 825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan premium payments. 825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit costs. 825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. 825.215 Equivalent position. 825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to reinstatement. 825.217 Key employee, general rule. 825.218 Substantial and grievous economic injury. 825.219 Rights of a key employee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4142 June 22, 2016 
825.220 Protection for employees who request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 
SUBPART C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING OF-FICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLI-CABLE BY THE CAA. 
825.300 Employing office notice require-ments. 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 825.302 Employee notice requirements for foreseeable FMLA leave. 825.303 Employee notice requirements for un-foreseeable FMLA leave. 825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. 825.305 Certification, general rule. 825.306 Content of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 825.307 Authentication and clarification of medical certification for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 825.308 Recertifications for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 825.309 Certification for leave taken because of a qualifying exigency. 825.310 Certification for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 825.311 Intent to return to work. 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. 825.313 Failure to provide certification. 
SUBPART D—ENFORCEMENT MECHANISMS 
825.400 Enforcement of FMLA rights, as made applicable by the CAA. 825.401–825.404 [Reserved] 
SUBPART E—[Reserved] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, definitions. 825.601 Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave. 825.602 Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 825.603 Special rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave. 825.604 Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. 
SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EMPLOY-ING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COL-LECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA 
825.700 Interaction with employing office’s policies. 825.701 [Reserved] 825.702 Interaction with anti-discrimination laws as applied by section 201 of the CAA. SUBPART H—[Reserved] 
FORMS Form A: Certification of Health Care Pro-vider for Employee’s Serious Health Condi-tion; Form B: Certification of Health Care Pro-vider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; Form C: Notice of Eligibility and Rights & Responsibilities; Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of FMLA Leave; Form E: Certification of Qualifying Exigency for Military Family Leave; Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Covered Servicemember for Mili-tary Family Leave; Form G: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of a Veteran for Military Caregiver Leave. 825.1 Purpose and scope. (a) Section 202 of the Congressional Ac-countability Act (CAA) (2 U.S.C. 1312) applies the rights and protections of sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA) (29 U.S.C. 2611–2615) to covered employees. (The term ‘‘covered em-ployee’’ is defined in section 101(3) of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1301(3)). See 825.102 of these regulations for that definition.) The purpose of this part is to set forth the regulations to carry out the provisions of section 202 of the CAA. (b) These regulations are issued by the Board of Directors (Board) of the Office of Compliance, pursuant to sections 202(d) and 304 of the CAA, which direct the Board to promulgate regulations implementing sec-tion 202 that are ‘‘the same as substantive regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Labor to implement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA] except insofar as the Board may determine, for good cause shown . . . that a modification of such regulations would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section.’’ The regulations issued by the Board herein are on all matters for which section 202 of the CAA requires regulations to be issued. Specifically, it is the Board’s considered judgment, based on the information avail-able to it at the time of the promulgation of these regulations, that, with the exception of regulations adopted and set forth herein, there are no other ‘‘substantive regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Labor to implement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA].’’ (c) In promulgating these regulations, the Board has made certain technical and no-menclature changes to the regulations as promulgated by the Secretary. Such changes are intended to make the provisions adopted accord more naturally to situations in the legislative branch. However, by making these changes, the Board does not intend a substantive difference between these regula-tions and those of the Secretary from which they are derived. Moreover, such changes, in and of themselves, are not intended to con-stitute an interpretation of the regulation or of the statutory provisions of the CAA upon which they are based. (d) Pursuant to section 304(b)(4) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 1384(b)(4), the Board of Direc-tors is required to recommend to Congress a method of approval for these regulations. As the Board has adopted the same regulations for the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the other covered entities and facilities, it therefore recommends that the adopted regulations be approved by concurrent reso-lution of the Congress. SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. (a) The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), as made applicable by the Con-gressional Accountability Act (CAA), allows eligible employees of an employing office to take job-protected, unpaid leave, or to sub-stitute appropriate paid leave if the em-ployee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 12 workweeks in any 12 months ( see 825.200(b)) because of the birth of a child and to care for the newborn child, because of the placement of a child with the employee for adoption or foster care, because the em-ployee is needed to care for a family member (child, spouse, or parent) with a serious health condition, because the employee’s own serious health condition makes the em-ployee unable to perform the functions of his or her job, or because of any qualifying exi-gency arising out of the fact that the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty). In addition, eligible employees of a covered employing office may take job- protected, unpaid leave, or substitute appro-priate paid leave if the employee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 26 work-weeks in a single 12–month period to care for a covered servicemember with a serious in-jury or illness. In certain cases, FMLA leave may be taken on an intermittent basis rath-er than all at once, or the employee may work a part-time schedule. (b) An employee on FMLA leave is also en-titled to have health benefits maintained while on leave as if the employee had contin-ued to work instead of taking the leave. If an employee was paying all or part of the pre-mium payments prior to leave, the employee would continue to pay his or her share dur-ing the leave period. The employing office or a disbursing or other financial office may re-cover its share only if the employee does not return to work for a reason other than the serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s covered family member, the serious injury or illness of a covered service-member, or another reason beyond the em-ployee’s control. (c) An employee generally has a right to return to the same position or an equivalent position with equivalent pay, benefits, and working conditions at the conclusion of the leave. The taking of FMLA leave cannot re-sult in the loss of any benefit that accrued prior to the start of the leave. (d) The employing office generally has a right to advance notice from the employee. In addition, the employing office may re-quire an employee to submit certification to substantiate that the leave is due to the seri-ous health condition of the employee or the employee’s covered family member, due to the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or because of a qualifying exigency. Failure to comply with these re-quirements may result in a delay in the start of FMLA leave. Pursuant to a uniformly ap-plied policy, the employing office may also require that an employee present a certifi-cation of fitness to return to work when the absence was caused by the employee’s seri-ous health condition (see 825.312 and 825.313)). The employing office may delay restoring the employee to employment without such certificate relating to the health condition which caused the employee’s absence. 825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. (a) FMLA is intended to allow employees to balance their work and family life by tak-ing reasonable unpaid leave for medical rea-sons, for the birth or adoption of a child, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4143 June 22, 2016 
the care of a child, spouse, or parent who has a serious health condition, for the care of a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, or because of a qualifying exi-gency arising out of the fact that the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. The FMLA is intended to balance the demands of the workplace with the needs of families, to promote the stability and economic security of families, and to promote national inter-ests in preserving family integrity. It was in-tended that the FMLA accomplish these pur-poses in a manner that accommodates the le-gitimate interests of employing offices, and in a manner consistent with the Equal Pro-tection Clause of the Fourteenth Amend-ment in minimizing the potential for em-ployment discrimination on the basis of sex, while promoting equal employment oppor-tunity for men and women. (b) The FMLA was predicated on two fun-damental concerns—the needs of the Amer-ican workforce, and the development of high- performance organizations. Increasingly, America’s children and elderly are dependent upon family members who must spend long hours at work. When a family emergency arises, requiring workers to attend to seri-ously-ill children or parents, or to newly- born or adopted infants, or even to their own serious illness, workers need reassurance that they will not be asked to choose be-tween continuing their employment, and meeting their personal and family obliga-tions or tending to vital needs at home. (c) The FMLA is both intended and ex-pected to benefit employing offices as well as their employees. A direct correlation exists between stability in the family and produc-tivity in the workplace. FMLA will encour-age the development of high-performance or-ganizations. When workers can count on du-rable links to their workplace they are able to make their own full commitments to their jobs. The record of hearings on family and medical leave indicate the powerful produc-tive advantages of stable workplace relation-ships, and the comparatively small costs of guaranteeing that those relationships will not be dissolved while workers attend to pressing family health obligations or their own serious illness. 825.102 Definitions. For purposes of this part: ADA means the Americans With Disabil-ities Act (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., as amended), as made applicable by the Congressional Ac-countability Act. CAA means the Congressional Account-ability Act of 1995 (Pub. Law 104–1, 109 Stat. 3, 2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq., as amended). COBRA means the continuation coverage requirements of Title X of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (Pub. Law 99–272, title X, section 10002; 100 Stat. 227; 29 U.S.C. 1161–1168). Contingency operation means a military op-eration that: (1) Is designated by the Secretary of De-fense as an operation in which members of the Armed Forces are or may become in-volved in military actions, operations, or hostilities against an enemy of the United States or against an opposing military force; or (2) Results in the call or order to, or reten-tion on, active duty of members of the uni-formed services under section 688, 12301(a), 12302, 12304, 12305, or 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, or any other provi-sion of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the President or Con-gress. See also 825.126(a)(2). Continuing treatment by a health care pro-vider means any one of the following: (1) Incapacity and treatment. A period of in-capacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days, and any subsequent treat-ment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves: (i) Treatment two or more times, within 30 days of the first day of incapacity, unless ex-tenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct super-vision of a health care provider, or by a pro-vider of health care services (e.g., physical therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or (ii) Treatment by a health care provider on at least one occasion, which results in a regi-men of continuing treatment under the su-pervision of the health care provider. (iii) The requirement in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this definition for treatment by a health care provider means an in-person visit to a health care provider. The first in-person treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of incapacity. (iv) Whether additional treatment visits or a regimen of continuing treatment is nec-essary within the 30-day period shall be de-termined by the health care provider. (v) The term ‘‘extenuating circumstances’’ in paragraph (i) means circumstances beyond the employee’s control that prevent the fol-low-up visit from occurring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are extenuating depends on the facts. See also 825.115(a)(5). (2) Pregnancy or prenatal care. Any period of incapacity due to pregnancy, or for prenatal care. 825.120. (3) Chronic conditions. Any period of inca-pacity or treatment for such incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition. A chronic serious health condition is one which: (i) Requires periodic visits (defined as at least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct su-pervision of a health care provider; (ii) Continues over an extended period of time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and (iii) May cause episodic rather than a con-tinuing period of incapacity (e.g., asthma, di-abetes, epilepsy, etc.). (4) Permanent or long-term conditions. A pe- riod of incapacity which is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treat-ment may not be effective. The employee or family member must be under the con-tinuing supervision of, but need not be re-ceiving active treatment by, a health care provider. Examples include Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke, or the terminal stages of a dis-ease. (5) Conditions requiring multiple treatments. Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: (i) Restorative surgery after an accident or other injury; or (ii) A condition that would likely result in a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive full calendar days in the absence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), se- vere arthritis (physical therapy), kidney dis-ease (dialysis). (6) Absences attributable to incapacity under paragraphs (2) or (3) of this definition qualify for FMLA leave even though the em-ployee or the covered family member does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last more than three con-secutive, full calendar days. For example, an employee with asthma may be unable to re-port for work due to the onset of an asthma attack or because the employee’s health care provider has advised the employee to stay home when the pollen count exceeds a cer-tain level. An employee who is pregnant may be unable to report to work because of severe morning sickness. Covered active duty or call to covered active duty status means: (1) In the case of a member of the Regular Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country; and, (2) In the case of a member of the Reserve components of the Armed Forces, duty dur-ing the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a Federal call or order to active duty in sup-port of a contingency operation pursuant to: Section 688 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering to active duty retired members of the Regular Armed Forces and members of the retired Reserve who retired after completing at least 20 years of active service; Section 12301(a) of Title 10 of the United States Code, which au-thorizes ordering all reserve component members to active duty in the case of war or national emergency; Section 12302 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12304 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unas-signed member of the Selected Reserve and certain members of the Individual Ready Re-serve to active duty; Section 12305 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes the suspension of promotion, retirement or separation rules for certain Reserve compo-nents; Section 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard into Federal service in cer-tain circumstances; chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard and state mili-tary into Federal service in the case of insur-rections and national emergencies; or any other provision of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the Presi-dent or Congress so long as it is in support of a contingency operation. See 10 U.S.C. 101(a)(13)(B). See also 825.126(a). 
Covered employee as defined in the CAA, means any employee of—(1) the House of Representatives; (2) the Senate; (3) the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services; (4) the Capitol Police; (5) the Congressional Budget Office; (6) the Office of the Architect of the Capitol; (7) the Office of the Attending Physician; (8) the Office of Compliance; or (9) the Office of Technology Assessment. Covered servicemember means: (1) A current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness, or (2) A covered veteran who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (includ-ing a member of the National Guard or Re-serves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 825.127(b)(2). Eligible employee as defined in the CAA, means: (1) A covered employee who has been em-ployed for a total of at least 12 months in any employing office on the date on which any FMLA leave is to commence, except that an employing office need not consider any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4144 June 22, 2016 
period of previous employment that occurred more than seven years before the date of the most recent hiring of the employee, unless: (i) The break in service is occasioned by the fulfillment of the employee’s Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq., covered service obligation (the period of ab-sence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service must be also count-ed in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by any employing office, but this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the em-ployee than would be available under the USERRA, as made applicable by the CAA); or (ii) A written agreement, including a col-lective bargaining agreement, exists con-cerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in serv-ice (e.g., for purposes of the employee fur-thering his or her education or for childrearing purposes); and (2) Who, on the date on which any FMLA leave is to commence, has met the hours of service requirement by having been em-ployed for at least 1,250 hours of service with an employing office during the previous 12– month period, except that: (i) An employee returning from fulfilling his or her USERRA-covered service obliga-tion shall be credited with the hours of serv-ice that would have been performed but for the period of absence from work due to or ne-cessitated by USERRA-covered service in de-termining whether the employee met the hours of service requirement (accordingly, a person reemployed following absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the pre-vious 12–month period to meet the hours of service requirement); and (ii) To determine the hours that would have been worked during the period of ab-sence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service, the employee’s pre-service work schedule can generally be used for calculations. Employ means to suffer or permit to work. Employee means an employee as defined by the CAA and includes an applicant for em-ployment and a former employee. Employee employed in an instructional capac-ity. See the definition of Teacher in this section. Employee of the Capitol Police means any member or officer of the Capitol Police. Employee of the House of Representatives means an individual occupying a position the pay for which is disbursed by the Clerk of the House of Representatives, or another of-ficial designated by the House of Representa-tives, or any employment position in an en-tity that is paid with funds derived from the clerk-hire allowance of the House of Rep-resentatives but not any such individual em-ployed by any entity listed in subparagraphs (3) through (9) under the definition of cov-ered employee above. Employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol means any employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol or the Botanic Garden. Employee of the Senate means any employee whose pay is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, but not any such individual em-ployed by any entity listed in subparagraphs (3) through (9) under the definition of cov-ered employee above. Employing Office, as defined by the CAA, means: (1) The personal office of a Member of the House of Representatives or of a Senator; (2) A committee of the House of Represent-atives or the Senate or a joint committee; (3) Any other office headed by a person with the final authority to appoint, hire, dis-charge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate; or (4) The Office of Congressional Accessi-bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment. Employment benefits means all benefits pro-vided or made available to employees by an employing office, including group life insur-ance, health insurance, disability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational bene-fits, and pensions, regardless of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office or through an employee benefit plan. The term does not in-clude non-employment related obligations paid by employees through voluntary deduc-tions such as supplemental insurance cov-erage. See also 825.209(a). FLSA means the Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), as made applicable by the CAA. FMLA means the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, Public Law 103–3 (Feb-ruary 5, 1993), 107 Stat. 6 (29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., as amended), as made applicable by the CAA. Group health plan means the Federal Em-ployees Health Benefits Program and any other plan of, or contributed to by, an em-ploying office (including a self-insured plan) to provide health care (directly or otherwise) to the employing office’s employees, former employees, or the families of such employees or former employees. For purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the term group health plan shall not include an insur-ance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: (1) No contributions are made by the em-ploying office; (2) Participation in the program is com-pletely voluntary for employees; (3) The sole functions of the employing of-fice with respect to the program are, without endorsing the program, to permit the insurer to publicize the program to employees, to collect premiums through payroll deductions and to remit them to the insurer; (4) The employing office receives no con-sideration in the form of cash or otherwise in connection with the program, other than reasonable compensation, excluding any profit, for administrative services actually rendered in connection with payroll deduc-tion; and, (5) The premium charged with respect to such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. Health care provider means: (1) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, defines health care provider as: (i) A doctor of medicine or osteopathy who is authorized to practice medicine or surgery (as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or (ii) Any other person determined by the Department of Labor to be capable of pro-viding health care services. (2) Others ‘‘capable of providing health care services’’ include only: (i) Podiatrists, dentists, clinical psycholo-gists, optometrists, and chiropractors (lim-ited to treatment consisting of manual ma-nipulation of the spine to correct a sub-luxation as demonstrated by X-ray to exist) authorized to practice in the State and per-forming within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (ii) Nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives and clinical social workers and physician as-sistants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (iii) Christian Science practitioners listed with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in 
Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care pro-vider other than a Christian Science practi-tioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement; (iv) Any health care provider from whom an employing office or a group health plan’s benefits manager will accept certification of the existence of a serious health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and (v) A health care provider listed above who practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in ac-cordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. (3) The phrase ‘‘authorized to practice in the State’’ as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health condi-tions. Incapable of self-care means that the indi-vidual requires active assistance or super-vision to provide daily self-care in several of the ‘‘activities of daily living’’ (ADLs) or ‘‘instrumental activities of daily living’’ (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appro-priately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transpor-tation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. Instructional employee: See the definition of Teacher in this section. Intermittent leave means leave taken in sep-arate periods of time due to a single illness or injury, rather than for one continuous pe-riod of time, and may include leave of peri-ods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would in-clude leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken sev-eral days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. Invitational travel authorization (ITA) or In- vitational travel order (ITO) mean orders issued by the Armed Forces to a family member to join an injured or ill servicemem-ber at his or her bedside. See also 825.310(e). Key employee means a salaried FMLA-eligi-ble employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. See also 825.217. Mental disability: See the definition of Phys- ical or mental disability in this section. Military caregiver leave means leave taken to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993. See also 825.127. Next of kin of a covered servicemember means the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of pri-ority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of mili-tary caregiver leave under the FMLA. When 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4145 June 22, 2016 
no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered service-member, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See also 825.127(d)(3). Office of Compliance means the independent office established in the legislative branch under section 301 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1381). Outpatient status means, with respect to a covered servicemember who is a current member of the Armed Forces, the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to ei-ther a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient; or a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving med-ical care as outpatients. See also 825.127(b)(1). Parent means a biological, adoptive, step or foster father or mother or any other indi-vidual who stood in loco parentis to the em-ployee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined below. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ Parent of a covered servicemember means a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See also 825.127(d)(2). Physical or mental disability means a phys-ical or mental impairment that substan-tially limits one or more of the major life ac-tivities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR part 1630, issued by the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., as amended, provide guidance for these terms. Reduced leave schedule means a leave sched-ule that reduces the usual number of hours per workweek, or hours per workday, of an employee. Reserve components of the Armed Forces, for purposes of qualifying exigency leave, in-clude the Army National Guard of the United States, Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Air National Guard of the United States, Air Force Reserve, and Coast Guard Reserve, and retired members of the Regular Armed Forces or Reserves who are called up in support of a contingency op-eration. See also 825.126(a)(2)(i). Secretary means the Secretary of Labor or authorized representative. Serious health condition means an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that involves inpatient care as de-fined in 825.114 or continuing treatment by a health care provider as defined in 825.115. Conditions for which cosmetic treatments are administered (such as most treatments for acne or plastic surgery) are not serious health conditions unless inpatient hospital care is required or unless complications de-velop. Restorative dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions pro-vided all the other conditions of this regula-tion are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of 825.113 are met. Serious injury or illness means: (1) In the case of a current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, an injury or ill-ness that was incurred by the covered serv-icemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces and that may render the servicemember medi-cally unfit to perform the duties of the mem-ber’s office, grade, rank, or rating; and (2) In the case of a covered veteran, an in-jury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the be-ginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces) and mani-fested itself before or after the member be-came a veteran, and is: (i) A continuation of a serious injury or ill-ness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemem-ber unable to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rat-ing; or (ii) A physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service- Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 per-cent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or (iii) A physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or (iv) An injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered vet-eran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. See also 825.127(c). Son or daughter means a biological, adopt-ed, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. Son or daughter of a covered servicemember means a covered servicemember’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered serv-icemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. See also 825.127(d)(1). Son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status means the em-ployee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and who is of any age. See also 825.126(a)(5). Spouse means a husband or wife. For pur-poses of this definition, husband or wife re-fers to the other person with whom an indi-vidual entered into marriage as defined or recognized under state law for purposes of marriage in the State in which the marriage was entered into or, in the case of a marriage entered into outside of any State, if the mar-riage is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. This definition includes an indi-vidual in a same-sex or common law mar-riage that either: (1) Was entered into in a State that recog-nizes such marriages; or (2) If entered into outside of any State, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. Teacher (or employee employed in an in-structional capacity, or instructional em-ployee) means an employee employed prin-cipally in an instructional capacity by an educational agency or school whose principal function is to teach and instruct students in a class, a small group, or an individual set-ting, and includes athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education assistants such as signers for the hearing impaired. The term does not include teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal function actual teaching or instructing, nor auxiliary personnel such as counselors, psy-chologists, curriculum specialists, cafeteria workers, maintenance workers, bus drivers, or other primarily noninstructional employ-ees. TRICARE is the health care program serv-ing active duty servicemembers, National Guard and Reserve members, retirees, their families, survivors, and certain former spouses worldwide. 825.103 [Reserved] 825.104 Covered employing offices. (a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, covers all employing offices. As used in the CAA, the term employing office means: (1) The personal office of a Member of the House of Representatives or of a Senator; (2) A committee of the House of Represent-atives or the Senate or a joint committee; (3) Any other office headed by a person with the final authority to appoint, hire, dis-charge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate; or (4) The Office of Congressional Accessi-bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment. 825.105 [Reserved]. 825.106 Joint employer coverage. (a) Where two or more employing offices exercise some control over the work or work-ing conditions of the employee, the employ-ing offices may be joint employers under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Where the employee performs work which si-multaneously benefits two or more employ-ing offices, or works for two or more employ-ing offices at different times during the workweek, a joint employment relationship generally will be considered to exist in situa-tions such as: (1) Where there is an arrangement between employing offices to share an employee’s services or to interchange employees; (2) Where one employing office acts di-rectly or indirectly in the interest of the 
other employing office in relation to the em-ployee; or (3) Where the employing offices are not completely disassociated with respect to the employee’s employment and may be deemed to share control of the employee, directly or indirectly, because one employing office con-trols, is controlled by, or is under common control with the other employing office. (b) A determination of whether or not a joint employment relationship exists is not determined by the application of any single criterion, but rather the entire relationship is to be viewed in its totality. For example, joint employment will ordinarily be found to exist when: (1) An employee, who is employed by an employing office other than the personal of-fice of a Member of the House of Representa-tives or of a Senator, is under the actual di-rection and control of the Member of the House of Representatives or Senator; or (2) Two or more employing offices employ an individual to work on common issues or other matters for both or all of them. (c) When employing offices employ a cov-ered employee jointly, they may designate one of themselves to be the primary employ-ing office, and the other or others to be the secondary employing office(s). Such a des-ignation shall be made by written notice to the covered employee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4146 June 22, 2016 
(d) If an employing office is designated a primary employing office pursuant to para-graph (c) of this section, only that employ-ing office is responsible for giving required notices to the covered employee, providing FMLA leave, and maintenance of health ben-efits. Job restoration is the primary respon-sibility of the primary employing office, and the secondary employing office(s) may, sub-ject to the limitations in 825.216, be respon-sible for accepting the employee returning from FMLA leave. (e) If employing offices employ an em-ployee jointly, but fail to designate a pri-mary employing office pursuant to para-graph (c) of this section, then all of these employing offices shall be jointly and sever-ally liable for giving required notices to the employee, for providing FMLA leave, for as-suring that health benefits are maintained, and for job restoration. The employee may give notice of need for FMLA leave, as de-scribed in 825.302 and 825.303, to whichever of these employing offices the employee choos-es. If the employee makes a written request for restoration to one of these employing of-fices, that employing office shall be pri-marily responsible for job restoration, and the other employing office(s) may, subject to the limitations in 825.216, be responsible for accepting the employee returning from FMLA leave. 825.107 [Reserved] 825.108 [Reserved] 825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employees. (a) An eligible employee is a covered em-ployee of an employing office who: (1) Has been employed by any employing office for at least 12 months, and (2) Has been employed for at least 1,250 hours of service during the 12-month period immediately preceding the commencement of the leave. (b) The 12 months an employee must have been employed by any employing office need not be consecutive months, provided: (1) Subject to the exceptions provided in paragraph (b)(2) of this section, employment periods prior to a break in service of seven years or more need not be counted in deter-mining whether the employee has been em-ployed by any employing office for at least 12 months. (2) Employment periods preceding a break in service of more than seven years must be counted in determining whether the em-ployee has been employed by any employing office for at least 12 months where: (i) The employee’s break in service is occa-sioned by the fulfillment of his or her Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq., covered service obligation. The period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service must be also count-ed in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by any employing office. However, this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the employee than would be available under the USERRA; or (ii) A written agreement, including a col-lective bargaining agreement, exists con-cerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in serv-ice (e.g., for purposes of the employee fur-thering his or her education or for childrearing purposes). (3) If an employee worked for two or more employing offices sequentially, the time worked will be aggregated to determine whether it equals 12 months. (4) If an employee is maintained on the payroll for any part of a week, including any periods of paid or unpaid leave (sick, vaca-tion) during which other benefits or com-pensation are provided by the employing of-fice (e.g., Federal Employees’ Compensation, group health plan benefits, etc.), the week counts as a week of employment. For pur-poses of determining whether intermittent/ occasional/casual employment qualifies as at least 12 months, 52 weeks is deemed to be equal to 12 months. (5) Nothing in this section prevents em-ploying offices from considering employment prior to a continuous break in service of more than seven years when determining whether an employee has met the 12–month employment requirement. However, if an employing office chooses to recognize such prior employment, the employing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all em-ployees with similar breaks in service. (c)(1) If an employee was employed by two or more employing offices, either sequen-tially or concurrently, the hours of service will be aggregated to determine whether the minimum of 1,250 hours has been reached. (2) Except as provided in paragraph (c)(3) of this section, whether an employee has worked the minimum 1,250 hours of service is determined according to the principles es-tablished under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as applied by section 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), for determining compen-sable hours of work. The determining factor is the number of hours an employee has worked for one or more employing offices as defined by the CAA. The determination is not limited by methods of recordkeeping, or by compensation agreements that do not ac-curately reflect all of the hours an employee has worked for or been in service to the em-ploying office. Any accurate accounting of actual hours worked under the FLSA’s prin-ciples, as made applicable by the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), may be used. (3) An employee returning from USERRA- covered service shall be credited with the hours of service that would have been per-formed but for the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service in determining the employee’s eligibility for FMLA-qualifying leave. Ac-cordingly, a person reemployed following USERRA-covered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the previous 12–month period to meet the hours of service requirement. In order to determine the hours that would have been worked during the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service, the employee’s pre-service work schedule can generally be used for calcula-tions. (4) In the event an employing office does not maintain an accurate record of hours worked by an employee, including for em-ployees who are exempt from the overtime requirements of the FLSA, as made applica-ble by the CAA and its regulations, the em-ploying office has the burden of showing that the employee has not worked the requisite hours. An employing office must be able to clearly demonstrate, for example, that full time teachers (see 825.102 for definition) of an elementary or secondary school system, or institution of higher education, or other edu-cational establishment or institution (who often work outside the classroom or at their homes) did not work 1,250 hours during the previous 12 months in order to claim that the teachers are not covered or eligible for FMLA leave. (d) The determination of whether an em-ployee meets the hours of service require-ment for any employing office and has been employed by any employing office for a total of at least 12 months, must be made as of the date the FMLA leave is to start. An em-ployee may be on non-FMLA leave at the time he or she meets the 12-month eligibility requirement, and in that event, any portion of the leave taken for an FMLA-qualifying reason after the employee meets the eligi-bility requirement would be FMLA leave. See 825.300(b) for rules governing the content of the eligibility notice given to employees. (e) If, before beginning employment with an employing office, an employee had been employed by another employing office, the subsequent employing office may count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment FMLA leave taken from the prior em-ploying office, so long as the prior employing office properly designated the leave as FMLA under these regulations or other ap-plicable requirements. 825.111 [Reserved] 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general rule. (a) Circumstances qualifying for leave. Em- ploying offices covered by FMLA as made ap-plicable by the CAA are required to grant leave to eligible employees: (1) For birth of a son or daughter, and to care for the newborn child (see 825.120); (2) For placement with the employee of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care (see 825.121); (3) To care for the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition (see 825.113 and 825.122); (4) Because of a serious health condition that makes the employee unable to perform the functions of the employee’s job ( see 825.113 and 825.123); (5) Because of any qualifying exigency aris-ing out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to cov-ered active duty status) (see 825.122 and 825.126); and (6) To care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness if the em-ployee is the spouse, son, daughter, parent, or next of kin of the covered servicemember (see 825.122 and 825.127). (b) Equal Application. The right to take leave under FMLA, as made applicable by 
the CAA, applies equally to male and female employees. A father, as well as a mother, can take family leave for the birth, placement for adoption, or foster care of a child. (c) Active employee. In situations where the employing office/employee relationship has been interrupted, such as an employee who has been on layoff, the employee must be re-called or otherwise be re-employed before being eligible for FMLA leave. Under such circumstances, an eligible employee is im-mediately entitled to further FMLA leave for a qualifying reason. 825.113 Serious health condition. (a) For purposes of FMLA, serious health condition entitling an employee to FMLA leave means an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that in-volves inpatient care as defined in 825.114 or continuing treatment by a health care pro-vider as defined in 825.115. (b) The term incapacity means inability to work, attend school or perform other regular daily activities due to the serious health condition, treatment therefore, or recovery therefrom. (c) The term treatment includes (but is not limited to) examinations to determine if a serious health condition exists and evalua-tions of the condition. Treatment does not include routine physical examinations, eye examinations, or dental examinations. A reg-imen of continuing treatment includes, for example, a course of prescription medication (e.g., an antibiotic) or therapy requiring spe-cial equipment to resolve or alleviate the health condition (e.g., oxygen). A regimen of continuing treatment that includes the tak-ing of over-the-counter medications such as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4147 June 22, 2016 
aspirin, antihistamines, or salves; or bed- rest, drinking fluids, exercise, and other similar activities that can be initiated with-out a visit to a health care provider, is not, by itself, sufficient to constitute a regimen of continuing treatment for purposes of FMLA leave. (d) Conditions for which cosmetic treat-ments are administered (such as most treat-ments for acne or plastic surgery) are not se-rious health conditions unless inpatient hos-pital care is required or unless complications develop. Ordinarily, unless complications arise, the common cold, the flu, ear aches, upset stomach, minor ulcers, headaches other than migraine, routine dental or or-thodontia problems, periodontal disease, etc., are examples of conditions that do not meet the definition of a serious health condition and do not qualify for FMLA leave. Restora-tive dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions provided all the other con-ditions of this regulation are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of this section are met. 825.114 Inpatient care. In patient care means an overnight stay in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility, including any period of inca-pacity as defined in 825.113(b), or any subse-quent treatment in connection with such in-patient care. 825.115 Continuing treatment. A serious health condition involving con-tinuing treatment by a health care provider includes any one or more of the following: (a) Incapacity and treatment. A period of in-capacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days, and any subsequent treat-ment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves: (1) Treatment two or more times, within 30 days of the first day of incapacity, unless ex-tenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct super-vision of a health care provider, or by a pro-vider of health care services (e.g., physical therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or (2) Treatment by a health care provider on at least one occasion, which results in a regi-men of continuing treatment under the su-pervision of the health care provider. (3) The requirement in paragraphs (a)(1) and (2) of this section for treatment by a health care provider means an in-person visit to a health care provider. The first (or only) in-person treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of inca-pacity. (4) Whether additional treatment visits or a regimen of continuing treatment is nec-essary within the 30-day period shall be de-termined by the health care provider. (5) The term extenuating circumstances in paragraph (a)(1) of this section means cir-cumstances beyond the employee’s control that prevent the follow-up visit from occur-ring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are ex-tenuating depends on the facts. For example, extenuating circumstances exist if a health care provider determines that a second in- person visit is needed within the 30-day pe-riod, but the health care provider does not have any available appointments during that time period. (b) Pregnancy or prenatal care. Any period of incapacity due to pregnancy, or for pre-natal care. See also 825.120. (c) Chronic conditions. Any period of inca-pacity or treatment for such incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition. A chronic serious health condition is one which: (1) Requires periodic visits (defined as at least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct su-pervision of a health care provider; (2) Continues over an extended period of time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and (3) May cause episodic rather than a con-tinuing period of incapacity (e.g., asthma, di- abetes, epilepsy, etc.). (d) Permanent or long-term conditions. A pe- riod of incapacity which is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treat-ment may not be effective. The employee or family member must be under the con-tinuing supervision of, but need not be re-ceiving active treatment by, a health care provider. Examples include Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke, or the terminal stages of a dis-ease. (e) Conditions requiring multiple treatments. Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: (1) Restorative surgery after an accident or other injury; or (2) A condition that would likely result in a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days in the ab-sence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), severe arthritis (physical therapy), or kidney disease (dialysis). (f) Absences attributable to incapacity under paragraphs (b) or (c) of this section qualify for FMLA leave even though the em-ployee or the covered family member does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last more than three con-secutive, full calendar days. For example, an employee with asthma may be unable to re-port for work due to the onset of an asthma attack or because the employee’s health care provider has advised the employee to stay home when the pollen count exceeds a cer-tain level. An employee who is pregnant may be unable to report to work because of severe morning sickness. 825.116 [Reserved] 825.117 [Reserved] 825.118 [Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance abuse. (a) Substance abuse may be a serious health condition if the conditions of 825.113 through 825.115 are met. However, FMLA leave may only be taken for treatment for substance abuse by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services on refer-ral by a health care provider. On the other hand, absence because of the employee’s use of the substance, rather than for treatment, does not qualify for FMLA leave. (b) Treatment for substance abuse does not prevent an employing office from taking em-ployment action against an employee. The employing office may not take action against the employee because the employee has exercised his or her right to take FMLA leave for treatment. However, if the employ-ing office has an established policy, applied in a non-discriminatory manner that has been communicated to all employees, that provides under certain circumstances an em-ployee may be terminated for substance abuse, pursuant to that policy the employee may be terminated whether or not the em-ployee is presently taking FMLA leave. An employee may also take FMLA leave to care for a covered family member who is receiv-ing treatment for substance abuse. The em-ploying office may not take action against an employee who is providing care for a cov-ered family member receiving treatment for substance abuse. 825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. (a) General rules. Eligible employees are en-titled to FMLA leave for pregnancy or birth of a child as follows: (1) Both parents are entitled to FMLA leave for the birth of their child. (2) Both parents are entitled to FMLA leave to be with the healthy newborn child (i.e., bonding time) during the 12-month pe-riod beginning on the date of birth. An em-ployee’s entitlement to FMLA leave for a birth expires at the end of the 12-month pe-riod beginning on the date of the birth. If the employing office permits bonding leave to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, both parents are entitled to FMLA leave even if the newborn does not have a serious health condition. (3) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA leave and are employed by the same employ-ing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month pe-riod if the leave is taken for birth of the em-ployee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement, or to care for the employee’s par-ent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave ap-plies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are em-ployed at two different worksites of an em-ploying office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12-week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference be-tween the amount he or she has taken indi-vidually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newborn child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. (4) The expectant mother is entitled to FMLA leave for incapacity due to pregnancy, for prenatal care, or for her own serious health condition following the birth of the child. An expectant mother may take FMLA leave before the birth of the child for pre-natal care or if her condition makes her un-able to work. The expectant mother is enti-tled to leave for incapacity due to pregnancy even though she does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the ab-sence, and even if the absence does not last for more than three consecutive calendar days. (5) A spouse is entitled to FMLA leave if needed to care for a pregnant spouse who is incapacitated or if needed to care for her during her prenatal care, or if needed to care for her following the birth of a child if she has a serious health condition. See 825.124. (6) Both parents are entitled to FMLA leave if needed to care for a child with a seri-ous health condition if the requirements of 825.113 through 825.115 and 825.122(d) are met. Thus, spouses may each take 12 weeks of FMLA leave if needed to care for their new-born child with a serious health condition, even if both are employed by the same em-ploying office, provided they have not ex-hausted their entitlements during the appli-cable 12-month FMLA leave period. (b) Intermittent and reduced schedule leave. An eligible employee may use intermittent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4148 June 22, 2016 
or reduced schedule leave after the birth to be with a healthy newborn child only if the employing office agrees. For example, an em-ploying office and employee may agree to a part-time work schedule after the birth. If the employing office agrees to permit inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth of a child, the employing office may re-quire the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or re-duced leave schedule is required, to an avail-able alternative position for which the em-ployee is qualified and which better accom-modates recurring periods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. Transfer to an alternative position may require compli-ance with any applicable collective bar-gaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alter-native position may include altering an ex-isting job to better accommodate the em-ployee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the ex-pectant mother or newborn child. See 825.202– 825.205 for general rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption or foster care. See 825.601 for special rules ap-plicable to instructional employees of schools. 825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. (a) General rules. Eligible employees are en-titled to FMLA leave for placement with the employee of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care as follows: (1) Employees may take FMLA leave be-fore the actual placement or adoption of a child if an absence from work is required for the placement for adoption or foster care to proceed. For example, the employee may be required to attend counseling sessions, ap-pear in court, consult with his or her attor-ney or the doctor(s) representing the birth parent, submit to a physical examination, or travel to another country to complete an adoption. The source of an adopted child (e.g., whether from a licensed placement agency or otherwise) is not a factor in deter-mining eligibility for leave for this purpose. (2) An employee’s entitlement to leave for adoption or foster care expires at the end of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the placement. If the employing office per-mits leave for adoption or foster care to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, the employee is entitled to FMLA leave even if the adopted or foster child does not have a serious health condition. (3) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a com-bined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period if the leave is taken for the placement of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after placement, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, or to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two dif-ferent worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be enti-tled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12- week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the dif-ference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newly placed child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. (4) An eligible employee is entitled to FMLA leave in order to care for an adopted or foster child with a serious health condi-tion if the requirements of 825.113 through 825.115 and 825.122(d) are met. Thus, spouses may each take 12 weeks of FMLA leave if needed to care for an adopted or foster child with a serious health condition, even if both are employed by the same employing office, provided they have not exhausted their enti-tlements during the applicable 12-month FMLA leave period. (b) Use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. An eligible employee may use inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave after the placement of a healthy child for adoption or foster care only if the employing office agrees. Thus, for example, the employing of-fice and employee may agree to a part-time work schedule after the placement for bond-ing purposes. If the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the placement for adoption or fos-ter care, the employing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is required, to an available alter-native position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates re-curring periods of leave than does the em-ployee’s regular position. Transfer to an al-ternative position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made ap-plicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alter-native position may include altering an ex-isting job to better accommodate the em-ployee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the adopt-ed or foster child. See 825.202–825.205 for gen-eral rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 825.120 for general rules governing leave for pregnancy and birth of a child. See 825.601 for special rules applicable to instructional employees of schools. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemem-ber, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adop-tion, foster care, son or daughter on cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. (a) Covered servicemember means: (1) A current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness; or (2) A covered veteran who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 825.127(b)(2). (b) Spouse means a husband or wife. For purposes of this definition, husband or wife refers to the other person with whom an in-dividual entered into marriage as defined or recognized under state law for purposes of marriage in the State in which the marriage was entered into or, in the case of a marriage entered into outside of any State, if the mar-riage is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. This definition includes an indi-vidual in a same-sex or common law mar-riage that either: (1) Was entered into in a State that recog-nizes such marriages; or (2) If entered into outside of any State, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. (c) Parent. Parent means a biological, adoptive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the employee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined in para-graph (d) of this section. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ (d) Son or daughter. For purposes of FMLA leave taken for birth or adoption, or to care for a family member with a serious health condition, son or daughter means a biologi-cal, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of self-care be-cause of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. (1) Incapable of self-care means that the in-dividual requires active assistance or super-vision to provide daily self-care in three or more of the activities of daily living (ADLs) or instrumental activities of daily living (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appro-priately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transpor-tation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. (2) Physical or mental disability means a physical or mental impairment that substan-tially limits one or more of the major life ac-tivities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR 1630.2(h), (i), and (j), issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., provide guidance for these terms. (3) Persons who are ‘‘in loco parentis’’ in-clude those with day-to-day responsibilities to care for and financially support a child, or, in the case of an employee, who had such responsibility for the employee when the em-ployee was a child. A biological or legal rela-tionship is not necessary. (e) Next of kin of a covered servicemember means the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered service-member by court decree or statutory provi-sions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for pur-poses of military caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered servicemember, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or si-multaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See 825.127(d)(3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4149 June 22, 2016 
(f) Adoption means legally and perma-nently assuming the responsibility of raising a child as one’s own. The source of an adopt-ed child (e.g., whether from a licensed place-ment agency or otherwise) is not a factor in determining eligibility for FMLA leave. See 825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption. (g) Foster care means 24-hour care for chil-dren in substitution for, and away from, their parents or guardian. Such placement is made by or with the agreement of the State as a result of a voluntary agreement between the parent or guardian that the child be re-moved from the home, or pursuant to a judi-cial determination of the necessity for foster care, and involves agreement between the State and foster family that the foster fam-ily will take care of the child. Although fos-ter care may be with relatives of the child, State action is involved in the removal of the child from parental custody. See 825.121 for rules governing leave for foster care. (h) Son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status means the employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and who is of any age. See 825.126(a)(5). (i) Son or daughter of a covered servicemem-ber means the covered servicemember’s bio-logical, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered servicemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. See 825.127(d)(1). (j) Parent of a covered servicemember means a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See 825.127(d)(2). (k) Documenting relationships. For purposes of confirmation of family relationship, the employing office may require the employee giving notice of the need for leave to provide reasonable documentation or statement of family relationship. This documentation may take the form of a simple statement from the employee, or a child’s birth certifi-cate, a court document, etc. The employing office is entitled to examine documentation such as a birth certificate, etc., but the em-ployee is entitled to the return of the official document submitted for this purpose. 825.123 Unable to perform the functions of the position. (a) Definition. An employee is unable to perform the functions of the position where the health care provider finds that the em-ployee is unable to work at all or is unable to perform any one of the essential functions of the employee’s position within the mean-ing of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and made applicable by Section 201(a) of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)(3)). An employee who must be absent from work to receive medical treatment for a serious health condition is considered to be unable to perform the essential functions of the po-sition during the absence for treatment. (b) Statement of functions. An employing of-fice has the option, in requiring certification from a health care provider, to provide a statement of the essential functions of the employee’s position for the health care pro-vider to review. A sufficient medical certifi-cation must specify what functions of the employee’s position the employee is unable to perform so that the employing office can then determine whether the employee is un-able to perform one or more essential func-tions of the employee’s position. For pur-poses of the FMLA, the essential functions of the employee’s position are to be determined with reference to the position the employee held at the time notice is given or leave commenced, whichever is earlier. See 825.306. 825.124 Needed to care for a family member or covered servicemember. (a) The medical certification provision that an employee is needed to care for a fam-ily member or covered servicemember en-compasses both physical and psychological care. It includes situations where, for exam-ple, because of a serious health condition, the family member is unable to care for his or her own basic medical, hygienic, or nutri-tional needs or safety, or is unable to trans-port himself or herself to the doctor. The term also includes providing psychological comfort and reassurance which would be ben-eficial to a child, spouse or parent with a se-rious health condition who is receiving inpa-tient or home care. (b) The term also includes situations where the employee may be needed to substitute for others who normally care for the family member or covered servicemember, or to make arrangements for changes in care, such as transfer to a nursing home. The employee need not be the only individual or family member available to care for the family member or covered servicemember. (c) An employee’s intermittent leave or a reduced leave schedule necessary to care for a family member or covered servicemember includes not only a situation where the con-dition of the family member or covered serv-icemember itself is intermittent, but also where the employee is only needed intermit-tently—such as where other care is normally available, or care responsibilities are shared with another member of the family or a third party. See 825.202–825.205 for rules gov-erning the use of intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.125 Definition of health care provider. (a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, defines health care provider as: (1) A doctor of medicine or osteopathy who is authorized to practice medicine or surgery (as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or (2) Any other person determined by the Of-fice of Compliance to be capable of providing health care services. (3) In making a determination referred to in subparagraph (a)(2), and absent good cause shown to do otherwise, the Office of Compli-ance will follow any determination made by the Department of Labor (under section 101(6)(B) of FMLA (29 U.S.C. 2611(6)(B))) that a person is capable of providing health care services, provided the determination by the Department of Labor was not made at the re-quest of a person who was then a covered em-ployee. (b) Others capable of providing health care services include only: (1) Podiatrists, dentists, clinical psycholo-gists, optometrists, and chiropractors (lim-ited to treatment consisting of manual ma-nipulation of the spine to correct a sub-luxation as demonstrated by X-ray to exist) authorized to practice in the State and per-forming within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (2) Nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives, clinical social workers and physician assist-ants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (3) Christian Science Practitioners listed with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care pro-vider other than a Christian Science practi-tioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement; (4) Any health care provider from whom an employing office or the employing office’s group health plan’s benefits manager will ac-cept certification of the existence of a seri-ous health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and (5) A health care provider listed above who practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in ac-cordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. (c) The phrase authorized to practice in the State as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health conditions. 825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exi-gency. (a) Eligible employees may take FMLA 
leave for a qualifying exigency while the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent (the military member or member) is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty). (1) Covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status in the case of a member of the Regular Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country. The ac-tive duty orders of a member of the Regular components of the Armed Forces will gen-erally specify if the member is deployed to a foreign country. (2) Covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status in the case of a member of the Reserve components of the Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a Federal call or order to ac-tive duty in support of a contingency oper-ation pursuant to: Section 688 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes or-dering to active duty retired members of the Regular Armed Forces and members of the retired Reserve who retired after completing at least 20 years of active service; Section 12301(a) of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering all reserve compo-nent members to active duty in the case of war or national emergency; Section 12302 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which au-thorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12304 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Selected Reserve and certain members of the Individual Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12305 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which author-izes the suspension of promotion, retirement or separation rules for certain Reserve com-ponents; Section 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard into Federal service in certain circumstances; chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard and state mili-tary into Federal service in the case of insur-rections and national emergencies; or any other provision of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the Presi-dent or Congress so long as it is in support of a contingency operation. See 10 U.S.C. 101(a)(13)(B). (i) For purposes of covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, the Re-serve components of the Armed Forces in-clude the Army National Guard of the United States, Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Air National Guard of the United States, Air Force Reserve and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4150 June 22, 2016 
Coast Guard Reserve, and retired members of the Regular Armed Forces or Reserves who are called up in support of a contingency op-eration pursuant to one of the provisions of law identified in paragraph (a)(2). (ii) The active duty orders of a member of the Reserve components will generally speci-fy if the military member is serving in sup-port of a contingency operation by citation to the relevant section of Title 10 of the United States Code and/or by reference to the specific name of the contingency oper-ation and will specify that the deployment is to a foreign country. (3) Deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country means deployment to areas outside of the United States, the District of Columbia, or any Territory or possession of the United States, including international waters. (4) A call to covered active duty for pur-poses of leave taken because of a qualifying exigency refers to a Federal call to active duty. State calls to active duty are not cov-ered unless under order of the President of the United States pursuant to one of the pro-visions of law identified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section. (5) Son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status means the employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and who is of any age. (b) An eligible employee may take FMLA leave for one or more of the following quali-fying exigencies: (1) Short-notice deployment. (i) To address any issue that arises from the fact that the military member is notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty seven or less calendar days prior to the date of de-ployment; (ii) Leave taken for this purpose can be used for a period of seven calendar days be-ginning on the date the military member is notified of an impending call or order to cov-ered active duty; (2) Military events and related activities. (i) To attend any official ceremony, program, or event sponsored by the military that is re-lated to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and (ii) To attend family support or assistance programs and informational briefings spon-sored or promoted by the military, military service organizations, or the American Red Cross that are related to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (3) Childcare and school activities. For the purposes of leave for childcare and school ac-tivities listed in (i) through (iv) of this para-graph, a child of the military member must be the military member’s biological, adopt-ed, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or child for whom the military member stands in loco parentis, who is either under 18 years of age or 18 years of age or older and incapa-ble of self-care because of a mental or phys-ical disability at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. As with all instances of qualifying exigency leave, the military mem-ber must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting qualifying exigency leave. (i) To arrange for alternative childcare for a child of the military member when the cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member neces-sitates a change in the existing childcare ar-rangement; (ii) To provide childcare for a child of the military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (iii) To enroll in or transfer to a new school or day care facility a child of the military member when enrollment or trans-fer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and (iv) To attend meetings with staff at a school or a daycare facility, such as meet-ings with school officials regarding discipli-nary measures, parent-teacher conferences, or meetings with school counselors, for a child of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (4) Financial and legal arrangements. (i) To make or update financial or legal arrange-ments to address the military member’s ab-sence while on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, such as preparing and executing financial and healthcare pow-ers of attorney, transferring bank account signature authority, enrolling in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS), obtaining military identification cards, or preparing or updating a will or liv-ing trust; and (ii) To act as the military member’s rep-resentative before a federal, state, or local agency for purposes of obtaining, arranging, or appealing military service benefits while the military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and for a period of 90 days following the ter-mination of the military member’s covered active duty status; (5) Counseling. To attend counseling pro-vided by someone other than a health care provider, for oneself, for the military mem-ber, or for the biological, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, or a legal ward of the mili-tary member, or a child for whom the mili-tary member stands in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and in-capable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability at the time that FMLA leave is to commence, provided that the need for counseling arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (6) Rest and Recuperation. (i) To spend time with the military member who is on short- term, temporary, Rest and Recuperation leave during the period of deployment; (ii) Leave taken for this purpose can be used for a period of 15 calendar days begin-ning on the date the military member com-mences each instance of Rest and Recuper-ation leave; (7) Post-deployment activities. (i) To attend arrival ceremonies, reintegration briefings and events, and any other official ceremony or program sponsored by the military for a period of 90 days following the termination of the military member’s covered active duty status; and (ii) To address issues that arise from the death of the military member while on cov-ered active duty status, such as meeting and recovering the body of the military member, making funeral arrangements, and attending funeral services; (8) Parental care. For purposes of leave for parental care listed in (i) through (iv) of this paragraph, the parent of the military mem-ber must be incapable of self-care and must be the military member’s biological, adop-tive, step, or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the military member when the member was under 18 years of age. A parent who is in-capable of self-care means that the parent requires active assistance or supervision to provide daily self-care in three or more of the activities of daily living or instrumental activities of daily living. Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appropriately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing, and eating. In-strumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transportation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. As with all instances of qualifying exigency leave, the military member must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting quali-fying exigency leave. (i) To arrange for alternative care for a parent of the military member when the par-ent is incapable of self-care and the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member necessitates a change in the existing care arrangement for the parent; (ii) To provide care for a parent of the military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the parent is incapable of self-care and the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (iii) To admit to or transfer to a care facil-ity a parent of the military member when admittance or transfer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and (iv) To attend meetings with staff at a care facility, such as meetings with hospice or so-cial service providers for a parent of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status of the military member but not for routine or regular meetings; (9) Additional activities. To address other events which arise out of the military mem-ber’s covered active duty or call to covered active duty status provided that the employ-ing office and employee agree that such leave shall qualify as an exigency, and agree to both the timing and duration of such leave. 825.127 Leave to care for a covered service-member with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). (a) Eligible employees are entitled to FMLA leave to care for a covered service-member with a serious illness or injury. (b) Covered servicemember means: (1) A current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status; or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness. Outpatient status means the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to either a military medical treat-ment facility as an outpatient or a unit es-tablished for the purpose of providing com-mand and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving medical care as out-patients. (2) A covered veteran who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation or therapy 
for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. An eligible em-ployee must commence leave to care for a covered veteran within five years of the vet-eran’s active duty service, but the single 12- month period described in paragraph (e)(1) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4151 June 22, 2016 
this section may extend beyond the five-year period. (i) For an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves) and who was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable prior to the effec-tive date of this Final Rule, the period be-tween October 28, 2009 and the effective date of this Final Rule shall not count towards the determination of the five-year period for covered veteran status. (c) A serious injury or illness means: (1) In the case of a current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, means an injury or illness that was incurred by the covered servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed be-fore the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces, and that may render the member medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank or rating; and, (2) In the case of a covered veteran, means an injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the be-ginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces), and mani-fested itself before or after the member be-came a veteran, and is: (i) A continuation of a serious injury or ill-ness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemem-ber unable to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rat-ing; or (ii) A physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service- Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 per-cent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or (iii) A physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or (iv) An injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered vet-eran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. (d) In order to care for a covered service-member, an eligible employee must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent, or next of kin of a covered servicemember. (1) Son or daughter of a covered servicemem-ber means the covered servicemember’s bio-logical, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered servicemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. (2) Parent of a covered servicemember means a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ (3) Next of kin of a covered servicemember means the nearest blood relative, other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of mili-tary caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered service-member, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. For exam-ple, if a covered servicemember has three siblings and has not designated a blood rel-ative to provide care, all three siblings would be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin. Alternatively, where a covered servicemember has a sibling(s) and des-ignates a cousin as his or her next of kin for FMLA purposes, then only the designated cousin is eligible as the covered servicemember’s next of kin. An employing office is permitted to require an employee to provide confirmation of covered family rela-tionship to the covered servicemember pur-suant to 825.122(k). (e) An eligible employee is entitled to 26 workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or ill-ness during a single 12–month period. (1) The single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section begins on the first day the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember and ends 12 months after that date, regard-less of the method used by the employing of-fice to determine the employee’s 12 work-weeks of leave entitlement for other FMLA- qualifying reasons. If an eligible employee does not take all of his or her 26 workweeks of leave entitlement to care for a covered servicemember during this single 12-month period, the remaining part of his or her 26 workweeks of leave entitlement to care for the covered servicemember is forfeited. (2) The leave entitlement described in paragraph (e) of this section is to be applied on a per-covered-servicemember, per-injury basis such that an eligible employee may be entitled to take more than one period of 26 workweeks of leave if the leave is to care for different covered servicemembers or to care for the same servicemember with a subse-quent serious injury or illness, except that no more than 26 workweeks of leave may be taken within any single 12-month period. An eligible employee may take more than one period of 26 workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with more than one serious injury or illness only when the seri-ous injury or illness is a subsequent serious injury or illness. When an eligible employee takes leave to care for more than one cov-ered servicemember or for a subsequent seri-ous injury or illness of the same covered servicemember, and the single 12-month pe-riods corresponding to the different military caregiver leave entitlements overlap, the employee is limited to taking no more than 26 workweeks of leave in each single 12- month period. (3) An eligible employee is entitled to a combined total of 26 workweeks of leave for any FMLA-qualifying reason during the sin-gle 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section, provided that the em-ployee is entitled to no more than 12 work-weeks of leave for one or more of the fol-lowing: because of the birth of a son or daughter of the employee and in order to care for such son or daughter; because of the placement of a son or daughter with the em-ployee for adoption or foster care; in order to care for the spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; because of the employee’s own serious health condition; or because of a qualifying exigency. Thus, for example, an eligible employee may, during the single 12-month period, take 16 work-weeks of FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember and 10 workweeks of FMLA leave to care for a newborn child. However, the employee may not take more than 12 weeks of FMLA leave to care for the new-born child during the single 12-month period, even if the employee takes fewer than 14 workweeks of FMLA leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember. (4) In all circumstances, including for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember, the employing office is responsible for desig-nating leave, paid or unpaid, as FMLA-quali-fying, and for giving notice of the designa-tion to the employee as provided in 825.300. In the case of leave that qualifies as both leave to care for a covered servicemember and leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition during the single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section, the employing office must des-ignate such leave as leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember in the first instance. Leave that qualifies as both leave to care for a covered servicemember and leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition during the single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this sec-tion must not be designated and counted as both leave to care for a covered servicemem-ber and leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. As is the case with leave taken for other qualifying reasons, employing offices may retroactively designate leave as leave to care for a covered servicemember pursuant to 825.301(d). (f) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a com-bined total of 26 workweeks of leave during the single 12-month period described in para-graph (e) of this section if the leave is taken for birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for place-ment of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care, or to care for the child after placement, to care for the em-ployee’s parent with a serious health condi-tion, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. This limita-tion on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same em-ploying office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 26 workweeks of FMLA leave. SUBPART B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLE-MENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT 825.200 Amount of Leave. (a) Except in the case of leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious in-jury or illness, an eligible employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a total of 12 workweeks of leave during any 12-month pe-riod for any one, or more, of the following reasons: (1) The birth of the employee’s son or daughter, and to care for the newborn child; (2) The placement with the employee of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care, and to care for the newly placed child; (3) To care for the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; (4) Because of a serious health condition that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of his or her job; and (5) Because of any qualifying exigency aris-ing out of the fact that the employee’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4152 June 22, 2016 
spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty). (b) An employing office is permitted to choose any one of the following methods for determining the 12-month period in which the 12 weeks of leave entitlement described in paragraph (a) of this section occurs: (1) The calendar year; (2) Any fixed 12-month leave year, such as a fiscal year or a year starting on an employ-ee’s anniversary date; (3) The 12-month period measured forward from the date any employee’s first FMLA leave under paragraph (a) begins; or (4) A ‘‘rolling’’ 12-month period measured backward from the date an employee uses any FMLA leave as described in paragraph (a). (c) Under methods in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2) of this section an employee would be entitled to up to 12 weeks of FMLA leave at any time in the fixed 12-month period se-lected. An employee could, therefore, take 12 weeks of leave at the end of the year and 12 weeks at the beginning of the following year. Under the method in paragraph (b)(3) of this section, an employee would be entitled to 12 weeks of leave during the year beginning on the first date FMLA leave is taken; the next 12-month period would begin the first time FMLA leave is taken after completion of any previous 12-month period. Under the method in paragraph (b)(4) of this section, the ‘‘roll-ing’’ 12-month period, each time an employee takes FMLA leave the remaining leave enti-tlement would be any balance of the 12 weeks which has not been used during the immediately preceding 12 months. For exam-ple, if an employee has taken eight weeks of leave during the past 12 months, an addi-tional four weeks of leave could be taken. If an employee used four weeks beginning Feb-ruary 1, 2008, four weeks beginning June 1, 2008, and four weeks beginning December 1, 2008, the employee would not be entitled to any additional leave until February 1, 2009. However, beginning on February 1, 2009, the employee would again be eligible to take FMLA leave, recouping the right to take the leave in the same manner and amounts in which it was used in the previous year. Thus, the employee would recoup (and be entitled to use) one additional day of FMLA leave each day for four weeks, commencing Feb-ruary 1, 2009. The employee would also begin to recoup additional days beginning on June 1, 2009, and additional days beginning on De-cember 1, 2009. Accordingly, employing of-fices using the rolling 12-month period may need to calculate whether the employee is entitled to take FMLA leave each time that leave is requested, and employees taking FMLA leave on such a basis may fall in and out of FMLA protection based on their FMLA usage in the prior 12 months. For ex-ample, in the example above, if the employee needs six weeks of leave for a serious health condition commencing February 1, 2009, only the first four weeks of the leave would be FMLA-protected. (d)(1) Employing offices will be allowed to choose any one of the alternatives in para-graph (b) of this section for the leave entitle-ments described in paragraph (a) of this sec-tion provided the alternative chosen is ap-plied consistently and uniformly to all em-ployees. An employing office wishing to change to another alternative is required to give at least 60 days notice to all employees, and the transition must take place in such a way that the employees retain the full ben-efit of 12 weeks of leave under whichever method affords the greatest benefit to the employee. Under no circumstances may a new method be implemented in order to avoid the CAA’s FMLA leave requirements. (2) [Reserved] (e) If an employing office fails to select one of the options in paragraph (b) of this section for measuring the 12-month period for the leave entitlements described in paragraph (a), the option that provides the most bene-ficial outcome for the employee will be used. The employing office may subsequently se-lect an option only by providing the 60-day notice to all employees of the option the em-ploying office intends to implement. During the running of the 60-day period any other employee who needs FMLA leave may use the option providing the most beneficial out-come to that employee. At the conclusion of the 60-day period the employing office may implement the selected option. (f) An eligible employee’s FMLA leave en-titlement is limited to a total of 26 work-weeks of leave during a single 12-month pe-riod to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. An employ-ing office shall determine the single 12- month period in which the 26 weeks of leave entitlement described in this paragraph oc-curs using the 12-month period measured for-ward from the date an employee’s first FMLA leave to care for the covered service-member begins. See 825.127(e)(1). (g) During the single 12-month period de-scribed in paragraph (f), an eligible employ-ee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a combined total of 26 workweeks of FMLA leave for any qualifying reason. See 825.127(e)(3). (h) For purposes of determining the amount of leave used by an employee, the fact that a holiday may occur within the week taken as FMLA leave has no effect; the week is counted as a week of FMLA leave. However, if an employee is using FMLA leave in increments of less than one week, the holiday will not count against the em-ployee’s FMLA entitlement unless the em-ployee was otherwise scheduled and expected to work during the holiday. Similarly, if for some reason the employing office’s business activity has temporarily ceased and employ-ees generally are not expected to report for work for one or more weeks (e.g., a school closing two weeks for the Christmas/New Year holiday or the summer vacation or an employing office closing the office for re-pairs), the days the employing office’s activi-ties have ceased do not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Meth-ods for determining an employee’s 12-week leave entitlement are also described in 825.205. (i)(1) If employing offices jointly employ an employee, and if they designate a primary employing office pursuant to 825.106(c), the primary employing office may choose any one of the alternatives in paragraph (b) of this section for measuring the 12-month pe-riod, provided that the alternative chosen is applied consistently and uniformly to all employees of the primary employing office including the jointly employed employee. (2) If employing offices fail to designate a primary employing office pursuant to 825.106(c), an employee jointly employed by the employing offices may, by so notifying one of the employing offices, select that em-ploying office to be the primary employing office of the employee for purposes of the ap-plication of paragraphs (d) and (e) of this sec-tion. 825.201 Leave to care for a parent. (a) General rule. An eligible employee is en-titled to FMLA leave if needed to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. Care for parents-in-law is not cov-ered by the FMLA. See 825.122(c) for defini-tion of parent. (b) Same employing office limitation. Spouses who are eligible for FMLA leave and are em-ployed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period if the leave is taken to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after the birth, or for placement of a son or daughter with the em-ployee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement. This limita-tion on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same em-ploying office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where the spouses both use a portion of the total 12-week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a par-ent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a parent, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. See also 825.127(d). 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave schedule. (a) Definition. FMLA leave may be taken intermittently or on a reduced leave sched-ule under certain circumstances. Intermittent leave is FMLA leave taken in separate blocks of time due to a single qualifying reason. A reduced leave schedule is a leave schedule that reduces an employee’s usual number of work-ing hours per workweek, or hours per work-day. A reduced leave schedule is a change in the employee’s schedule for a period of time, normally from full-time to part-time. (b) Medical necessity. For intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule taken because of one’s own serious health condition, to care for a spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a serious health condition, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, there must be a medical need for leave and it must be that such medical need can be best accommo-dated through an intermittent or reduced leave schedule. The treatment regimen and other information described in the certifi-cation of a serious health condition and in the certification of a serious injury or ill-ness, if required by the employing office, ad-dresses the medical necessity of intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule. See 825.306, 825.310. Leave may be taken intermittently or on a reduced leave sched-ule when medically necessary for planned and/or unanticipated medical treatment of a serious health condition or of a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or for recovery from treatment or recovery from a serious health condition or a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. It may also be taken to provide care or psycho-logical comfort to a covered family member with a serious health condition or a covered servicemember with a serious injury or ill-ness. (1) Intermittent leave may be taken for a serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, for the employee’s own se-rious health condition, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember which re-quires treatment by a health care provider periodically, rather than for one continuous period of time, and may include leave of pe-riods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would in-clude leave taken on an occasional basis for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4153 June 22, 2016 
medical appointments, or leave taken sev-eral days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. A pregnant employee may take leave intermit-tently for prenatal examinations or for her own condition, such as for periods of severe morning sickness. An example of an em-ployee taking leave on a reduced leave schedule is an employee who is recovering from a serious health condition and is not strong enough to work a full-time schedule. (2) Intermittent or reduced schedule leave may be taken for absences where the em-ployee or family member is incapacitated or unable to perform the essential functions of the position because of a chronic serious health condition or a serious injury or ill-ness of a covered servicemember, even if he or she does not receive treatment by a health care provider. See 825.113 and 825.127. (c) Birth or placement. When leave is taken after the birth of a healthy child or place-ment of a healthy child for adoption or fos-ter care, an employee may take leave inter-mittently or on a reduced leave schedule only if the employing office agrees. Such a schedule reduction might occur, for example, where an employee, with the employing of-fice’s agreement, works part-time after the birth of a child, or takes leave in several seg-ments. The employing office’s agreement is not required, however, for leave during which the expectant mother has a serious health condition in connection with the birth of her child or if the newborn child has a serious health condition. See 825.204 for rules governing transfer to an alternative position that better accommodates intermit-tent leave. See also 825.120 (pregnancy) and 825.121 (adoption and foster care). (d) Qualifying exigency. Leave due to a qualifying exigency may be taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. 825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or re-duced schedule leave. Eligible employees may take FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when medically necessary due to the serious health condition of a covered family member or the employee or the serious injury or ill-ness of a covered servicemember. See 825.202. Eligible employees may also take FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when necessary because of a qualifying exigency. If an employee needs leave inter-mittently or on a reduced leave schedule for planned medical treatment, then the em-ployee must make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations. 825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alter-native position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. (a) Transfer or reassignment. If an employee needs intermittent leave or leave on a re-duced leave schedule that is foreseeable based on planned medical treatment for the employee, a family member, or a covered servicemember, including during a period of recovery from one’s own serious health con-dition, a serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or if the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth of a child or for placement of a child for adoption or foster care, the employ-ing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is re-quired, to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates recurring peri-ods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. See 825.601 for special rules applica-ble to instructional employees of schools. (b) Compliance. Transfer to an alternative position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and Federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alternative position may include altering an existing job to bet-ter accommodate the employee’s need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave. (c) Equivalent pay and benefits. The alter- native position must have equivalent pay and benefits. An alternative position for these purposes does not have to have equiva-lent duties. The employing office may in-crease the pay and benefits of an existing al-ternative position, so as to make them equivalent to the pay and benefits of the em-ployee’s regular job. The employing office may also transfer the employee to a part- time job with the same hourly rate of pay and benefits, provided the employee is not required to take more leave than is medi-cally necessary. For example, an employee desiring to take leave in increments of four hours per day could be transferred to a half- time job, or could remain in the employee’s same job on a part-time schedule, paying the same hourly rate as the employee’s previous job and enjoying the same benefits. The em-ploying office may not eliminate benefits which otherwise would not be provided to part-time employees; however, an employing office may proportionately reduce benefits such as vacation leave where an employing office’s normal practice is to base such bene-fits on the number of hours worked. (d) Employing office limitations. An employ-ing office may not transfer the employee to an alternative position in order to discour-age the employee from taking leave or other-wise work a hardship on the employee. For example, a white collar employee may not be assigned to perform laborer’s work; an em-ployee working the day shift may not be re-assigned to the graveyard shift; an employee working in the headquarters facility may not be reassigned to a branch a significant distance away from the employee’s normal job location. Any such attempt on the part of the employing office to make such a transfer will be held to be contrary to the prohibited acts provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. (e) Reinstatement of employee. When an em-ployee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule and has been transferred to an alternative position no longer needs to continue on leave and is able to return to full-time work, the employee must be placed in the same or equivalent job as the job he or she left when the leave com-menced. An employee may not be required to take more leave than necessary to address the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. 825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave. (a) Minimum increment. (1) When an em-ployee takes FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, the employ-ing office must account for the leave using an increment no greater than the shortest period of time that the employing office uses to account for use of other forms of leave provided that it is not greater than one hour and provided further that an employee’s FMLA leave entitlement may not be reduced by more than the amount of leave actually taken. An employing office may not require an employee to take more leave than is nec-essary to address the circumstances that precipitated the need for the leave, provided that the leave is counted using the shortest increment of leave used to account for any other type of leave. See also 825.205(a)(2) for the physical impossibility exception, and 825.600 and 825.601 for special rules applicable to employees of schools. If an employing of-fice uses different increments to account for different types of leave, the employing office must account for FMLA leave in the small-est increment used to account for any other type of leave. For example, if an employing office accounts for the use of annual leave in increments of one hour and the use of sick leave in increments of one-half hour, then FMLA leave use must be accounted for using increments no larger than one-half hour. If an employing office accounts for use of leave in varying increments at different times of the day or shift, the employing office may also account for FMLA leave in varying in-crements, provided that the increment used for FMLA leave is no greater than the small-est increment used for any other type of leave during the period in which the FMLA leave is taken. If an employing office ac-counts for other forms of leave use in incre-ments greater than one hour, the employing office must account for FMLA leave use in increments no greater than one hour. An em-ploying office may account for FMLA leave in shorter increments than used for other forms of leave. For example, an employing office that accounts for other forms of leave in one hour increments may account for FMLA leave in a shorter increment when the employee arrives at work several minutes late, and the employing office wants the em-ployee to begin work immediately. Such ac-counting for FMLA leave will not alter the increment considered to be the shortest pe-riod used to account for other forms of leave or the use of FMLA leave in other cir-cumstances. In all cases, employees may not be charged FMLA leave for periods during which they are working. (2) Where it is physically impossible for an employee using intermittent leave or work-ing a reduced leave schedule to commence or end work mid-way through a shift, such as where a flight attendant or a railroad con-ductor is scheduled to work aboard an air-plane or train, or a laboratory employee is unable to enter or leave a sealed ‘‘clean room’’ during a certain period of time and no equivalent position is available, the entire period that the employee is forced to be ab-sent is designated as FMLA leave and counts against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. The period of the physical impossibility is limited to the period during which the em-ploying office is unable to permit the em-ployee to work prior to a period of FMLA leave or return the employee to the same or equivalent position due to the physical im-possibility after a period of FMLA leave. See 825.214. (b) Calculation of leave. (1) When an em-ployee takes leave on an intermittent or re-duced leave schedule, only the amount of leave actually taken may be counted toward the employee’s leave entitlement. The actual workweek is the basis of leave entitlement. Therefore, if an employee who would other-wise work 40 hours a week takes off eight hours, the employee would use one-fifth (1/5) of a week of FMLA leave. Similarly, if a full- time employee who would otherwise work eight hour days works four-hour days under a reduced leave schedule, the employee would use one half (1/2) week of FMLA leave each week. Where an employee works a part- time schedule or variable hours, the amount of FMLA leave that an employee uses is de-termined on a pro rata or proportional basis. If an employee who would otherwise work 30 hours per week, but works only 20 hours a week under a reduced leave schedule, the employee’s 10 hours of leave would con-stitute one-third (1/3) of a week of FMLA leave for each week the employee works the reduced leave schedule. An employing office may convert these fractions to their hourly equivalent so long as the conversion equi-tably reflects the employee’s total normally scheduled hours. An employee does not ac-crue FMLA-protected leave at any particular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4154 June 22, 2016 
hourly rate. An eligible employee is entitled to up to a total of 12 workweeks of leave, or 26 workweeks in the case of military care-giver leave, and the total number of hours contained in those workweeks is necessarily dependent on the specific hours the em-ployee would have worked but for the use of leave. See also 825.601 and 825.602 on special rules for schools. (2) If an employing office has made a per-manent or long-term change in the employ-ee’s schedule (for reasons other than FMLA, and prior to the notice of need for FMLA leave), the hours worked under the new schedule are to be used for making this cal-culation. (3) If an employee’s schedule varies from week to week to such an extent that an em-ploying office is unable to determine with any certainty how many hours the employee would otherwise have worked (but for the taking of FMLA leave), a weekly average of the hours worked over the 12 months prior to the beginning of the leave period (including any hours for which the employee took leave of any type) would be used for calculating the employee’s leave entitlement. (c) Overtime. If an employee would nor-mally be required to work overtime, but is unable to do so because of a FMLA-quali-fying reason that limits the employee’s abil-ity to work overtime, the hours which the employee would have been required to work may be counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. In such a case, the em-ployee is using intermittent or reduced schedule leave. For example, if an employee would normally be required to work for 48 hours in a particular week, but due to a seri-ous health condition the employee is unable to work more than 40 hours that week, the employee would utilize eight hours of FMLA-protected leave out of the 48-hour workweek, or one-sixth (1/6) of a week of FMLA leave. Voluntary overtime hours that an employee does not work due to an FMLA- qualifying reason may not be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA, as made applicable by the Congressional Account-ability Act. (a) Leave taken under FMLA, as made ap-plicable by the CAA, may be unpaid. If an employee is otherwise exempt from min-imum wage and overtime requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as made applicable by the CAA, and as exempt under regulations issued by the Board, at part 541, providing unpaid FMLA-qualifying leave to such an employee will not cause the employee to lose the FLSA exemption. This means that under regulations currently in effect, where an employee meets the speci-fied duties test, is paid on a salary basis, and is paid a salary of at least the amount speci-fied in the regulations, the employing office may make deductions from the employee’s salary for any hours taken as intermittent or reduced FMLA leave within a workweek, without affecting the exempt status of the employee. (b) For an employee paid in accordance with a fluctuating workweek method of pay-ment for overtime, where permitted by sec-tion 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), the em-ploying office, during the period in which intermittent or reduced schedule FMLA leave is scheduled to be taken, may com-pensate an employee on an hourly basis and pay only for the hours the employee works, including time and one-half the employee’s regular rate for overtime hours. The change to payment on an hourly basis would include the entire period during which the employee is taking intermittent leave, including weeks in which no leave is taken. The hourly rate shall be determined by dividing the em-ployee’s weekly salary by the employee’s normal or average schedule of hours worked during weeks in which FMLA leave is not being taken. If an employing office chooses to follow this exception from the fluctuating workweek method of payment, the employ-ing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all employees paid on a fluctuating work-week basis for whom FMLA leave is taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. If an employing office does not elect to convert the employee’s compensation to hourly pay, no deduction may be taken for FMLA leave absences. Once the need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave is over, the employee may be restored to pay-ment on a fluctuating workweek basis. (c) This special exception to the salary basis requirements of the FLSA exemption or fluctuating workweek payment require-ments applies only to employees of covered employing offices who are eligible for FMLA leave, and to leave which qualifies as FMLA leave. Hourly or other deductions which are not in accordance with the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or with a permissible fluctuating workweek method of payment for overtime may not be taken, for example, where the employee has not worked long enough to be eligible for FMLA leave with-out potentially affecting the employee’s eli-gibility for exemption. Nor may deductions which are not permitted by the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or by a permis-sible fluctuating workweek method of pay-ment for overtime be taken from such an employee’s salary for any leave which does not qualify as FMLA leave, for example, de-ductions from an employee’s pay for leave required under an employing office’s policy or practice for a reason which does not qual-ify as FMLA leave, e.g., leave to care for a grandparent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condi-tion or serious injury or illness; or for leave which is more generous than provided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Em-ploying offices may comply with the employ-ing office’s own policy/practice under these circumstances and maintain the employee’s eligibility for exemption or for the fluc-tuating workweek method of pay by not tak-ing hourly deductions from the employee’s pay, in accordance with FLSA requirements, as made applicable by the CAA, or may take such deductions, treating the employee as an hourly employee and pay overtime premium pay for hours worked over 40 in a workweek. 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. (a) Generally, FMLA leave is unpaid leave. However, under the circumstances described in this section, FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an eligible employee to choose to substitute accrued paid leave for FMLA leave. If an employee does not choose to substitute accrued paid leave, the employ-ing office may require the employee to sub-stitute accrued paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave. The term substitute means that the paid leave provided by the employing office, and accrued pursuant to established policies of the employing office, will run concur-rently with the unpaid FMLA leave. Accord-ingly, the employee receives pay pursuant to the employing office’s applicable paid leave policy during the period of otherwise unpaid FMLA leave. An employee’s ability to sub-stitute accrued paid leave is determined by the terms and conditions of the employing office’s normal leave policy. When an em-ployee chooses, or an employing office re-quires, substitution of accrued paid leave, the employing office must inform the em-ployee that the employee must satisfy any procedural requirements of the paid leave policy only in connection with the receipt of such payment. See 825.300(c). If an employee does not comply with the additional require-ments in an employing office’s paid leave policy, the employee is not entitled to sub-stitute accrued paid leave, but the employee remains entitled to take unpaid FMLA leave. Employing offices may not discriminate against employees on FMLA leave in the ad-ministration of their paid leave policies. (b) If neither the employee nor the employ-ing office elects to substitute paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave under the above condi-tions and circumstances, the employee will remain entitled to all the paid leave which is earned or accrued under the terms of the em-ploying office’s plan. (c) If an employee uses paid leave under circumstances which do not qualify as FMLA leave, the leave will not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. For ex-ample, paid sick leave used for a medical condition which is not a serious health con-dition or serious injury or illness does not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. (d) Leave taken pursuant to a disability leave plan would be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition and counted in the leave entitlement permitted under FMLA if it meets the criteria set forth above in 825.112 through 825.115. In such cases, the employing office may designate the leave as FMLA leave and count the leave against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Be-cause leave pursuant to a disability benefit plan is not unpaid, the provision for substi-tution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is inapplicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substi-tution of paid leave. However, employing of-fices and employees may agree to have paid leave supplement the disability plan bene-fits, such as in the case where a plan only provides replacement income for two-thirds of an employee’s salary. (e) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, provides that a serious health condi-tion may result from injury to the employee on or off the job. If the employing office des-ignates the leave as FMLA leave in accord-ance with 825.300(d), the leave counts against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Be-cause the workers’ compensation absence is not unpaid, the provision for substitution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is not ap-plicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substi-tution of paid leave. However, employing of-fices and employees may agree, to have paid leave supplement workers’ compensation benefits, such as in the case where workers’ compensation only provides replacement in-come for two-thirds of an employee’s salary. If the health care provider treating the em-ployee for the workers’ compensation injury certifies the employee is able to return to a light duty job but is unable to return to the same or equivalent job, the employee may decline the employing office’s offer of a light duty job. As a result, the employee may lose workers’ compensation payments, but is en-titled to remain on unpaid FMLA leave until the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted. As of the date workers’ com-pensation benefits cease, the substitution provision becomes applicable and either the employee may elect or the employing office may require the use of accrued paid leave. See also 825.210(f), 825.216(d), 825.220(d), 825.307(a) and 825.702 (d)(1) and (2) regarding the relationship between workers’ compensa-tion absences and FMLA leave. (f) Under the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA, an employing office always has the right to cash out an employee’s compen-satory time or to require the employee to use the time. Therefore, if an employee re-quests and is permitted to use accrued com-pensatory time to receive pay for time taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4155 June 22, 2016 
off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 825.208 [Removed and reserved] 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. (a) During any FMLA leave, an employing office must maintain the employee’s cov-erage under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program or any group health plan (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 at 26 U.S.C. 5000(b)(1)) on the same con-ditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously em-ployed during the entire leave period. All employing offices are subject to the require-ments of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health coverage. The definition of group health plan is set forth in 825.102. For purposes of FMLA, the term group health plan shall not include an insur-ance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: (1) No contributions are made by the em-ploying office; (2) Participation in the program is com-pletely voluntary for employees; (3) The sole functions of the employing of-fice with respect to the program are, without endorsing the program, to permit the insurer to publicize the program to employees, to collect premiums through payroll deductions and to remit them to the insurer; (4) The employing office receives no con-sideration in the form of cash or otherwise in connection with the program, other than reasonable compensation, excluding any profit, for administrative services actually rendered in connection with payroll deduc-tion; and (5) The premium charged with respect to such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. (b) The same group health plan benefits provided to an employee prior to taking FMLA leave must be maintained during the FMLA leave. For example, if family member coverage is provided to an employee, family member coverage must be maintained during the FMLA leave. Similarly, benefit coverage during FMLA leave for medical care, sur-gical care, hospital care, dental care, eye care, mental health counseling, substance abuse treatment, etc., must be maintained during leave if provided in an employing of-fice’s group health plan, including a supple-ment to a group health plan, whether or not provided through a flexible spending account or other component of a cafeteria plan. (c) If an employing office provides a new health plan or benefits or changes health benefits or plans while an employee is on FMLA leave, the employee is entitled to the new or changed plan/benefits to the same ex-tent as if the employee were not on leave. For example, if an employing office changes a group health plan so that dental care be-comes covered under the plan, an employee on FMLA leave must be given the same op-portunity as other employees to receive (or obtain) the dental care coverage. Any other plan changes (e.g., in coverage, premiums, deductibles, etc.) which apply to all employ-ees of the workforce would also apply to an employee on FMLA leave. (d) Notice of any opportunity to change plans or benefits must also be given to an employee on FMLA leave. If the group health plan permits an employee to change from single to family coverage upon the birth of a child or otherwise add new family members, such a change in benefits must be made available while an employee is on FMLA leave. If the employee requests the changed coverage it must be provided by the employing office. (e) An employee may choose not to retain group health plan coverage during FMLA leave. However, when an employee returns from leave, the employee is entitled to be re-instated on the same terms as prior to tak-ing the leave, including family or dependent coverages, without any qualifying period, physical examination, exclusion of pre-exist-ing conditions, etc. See 825.212(c). (f) Except as required by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA) or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is ap-plicable, and for key employees (as discussed below), an employing office’s obligation to maintain health benefits during leave (and to restore the employee to the same or equivalent employment) under FMLA ceases if and when the employment relationship would have terminated if the employee had not taken FMLA leave (e.g., if the employ-ee’s position is eliminated as part of a non-discriminatory reduction in force and the employee would not have been transferred to another position); an employee informs the employing office of his or her intent not to return from leave (including before starting the leave if the employing office is so in-formed before the leave starts); or the em-ployee fails to return from leave or con-tinues on leave after exhausting his or her FMLA leave entitlement in the 12-month pe-riod. (g) If a key employee (see 825.218) does not return from leave when notified by the em-ploying office that substantial or grievous economic injury will result from his or her reinstatement, the employee’s entitlement to group health plan benefits continues un-less and until the employee advises the em-ploying office that the employee does not de-sire restoration to employment at the end of the leave period, or the FMLA leave entitle-ment is exhausted, or reinstatement is actu-ally denied. (h) An employee’s entitlement to benefits other than group health benefits during a pe-riod of FMLA leave (e.g., holiday pay) is to be determined by the employing office’s es-tablished policy for providing such benefits when the employee is on other forms of leave (paid or unpaid, as appropriate). 825.210 Employee payment of group health benefit premiums. (a) Group health plan benefits must be maintained on the same basis as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. Therefore, any share of group health plan premiums which had been paid by the employee prior to FMLA leave must continue to be paid by the employee during the FMLA leave period. If premiums are raised or lowered, the employee would be required to pay the new premium rates. Maintenance of health insurance policies which are not a part of the employing of-fice’s group health plan, as described in 825.209(a), are the sole responsibility of the employee. The employee and the insurer should make necessary arrangements for payment of premiums during periods of un-paid FMLA leave. (b) If the FMLA leave is substituted paid leave, the employee’s share of premiums must be paid by the method normally used during any paid leave, presumably as a pay-roll deduction. (c) If FMLA leave is unpaid, the employing office has a number of options for obtaining payment from the employee. The employing office may require that payment be made to the employing office or to the insurance car-rier, but no additional charge may be added to the employee’s premium payment for ad-ministrative expenses. The employing office may require employees to pay their share of premium payments in any of the following ways: (1) Payment would be due at the same time as it would be made if by payroll deduction; (2) Payment would be due on the same schedule as payments are made under COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is appli-cable; (3) Payment would be prepaid pursuant to a cafeteria plan at the employee’s option; (4) The employing office’s existing rules for payment by employees on leave without pay would be followed, provided that such rules do not require prepayment (i.e., prior to the commencement of the leave) of the pre-miums that will become due during a period of unpaid FMLA leave or payment of higher premiums than if the employee had contin-ued to work instead of taking leave; or (5) Another system voluntarily agreed to between the employing office and the em-ployee, which may include prepayment of premiums (e.g., through increased payroll de-ductions when the need for the FMLA leave is foreseeable). (d) The employing office must provide the employee with advance written notice of the terms and conditions under which these pay-ments must be made. See 825. 300(c). (e) An employing office may not require more of an employee using unpaid FMLA leave than the employing office requires of other employees on leave without pay. (f) An employee who is receiving payments as a result of a workers’ compensation injury must make arrangements with the employ-ing office for payment of group health plan benefits when simultaneously taking FMLA leave. See 825.207(e). 825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi- employer health plans. (a) A multi-employer health plan is a plan to which more than one employing office is required to contribute, and which is main-tained pursuant to one or more collective bargaining agreements between employee or-ganization(s) and the employing offices. (b) An employing office under a multi-em-ployer plan must continue to make contribu-tions on behalf of an employee using FMLA leave as though the employee had been con-tinuously employed, unless the plan contains an explicit FMLA provision for maintaining coverage such as through pooled contribu-tions by all employing offices party to the plan. (c) During the duration of an employee’s FMLA leave, coverage by the group health plan, and benefits provided pursuant to the plan, must be maintained at the level of cov-erage and benefits which were applicable to the employee at the time FMLA leave com-menced. (d) An employee using FMLA leave cannot be required to use banked hours or pay a greater premium than the employee would have been required to pay if the employee had been continuously employed. (e) As provided in 825.209(f) of this part, group health plan coverage must be main-tained for an employee on FMLA leave until: (1) The employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment is exhausted; (2) The employing office can show that the employee would have been laid off and the employment relationship terminated; or (3) The employee provides unequivocal no-tice of intent not to return to work. 825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan 
premium payments. (a) (1) In the absence of an established em-ploying office policy providing a longer grace period, an employing office’s obligations to maintain health insurance coverage cease under FMLA if an employee’s premium pay-ment is more than 30 days late. In order to drop the coverage for an employee whose premium payment is late, the employing of-fice must provide written notice to the em-ployee that the payment has not been re-ceived. Such notice must be mailed to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4156 June 22, 2016 
employee at least 15 days before coverage is to cease, advising that coverage will be dropped on a specified date at least 15 days after the date of the letter unless the pay-ment has been received by that date. If the employing office has established policies re-garding other forms of unpaid leave that pro-vide for the employing office to cease cov-erage retroactively to the date the unpaid premium payment was due, the employing office may drop the employee from coverage retroactively in accordance with that policy, provided the 15-day notice was given. In the absence of such a policy, coverage for the employee may be terminated at the end of the 30-day grace period, where the required 15-day notice has been provided. (2) An employing office has no obligation regarding the maintenance of a health insur-ance policy which is not a group health plan. See 825.209(a). (3) All other obligations of an employing office under FMLA would continue; for ex-ample, the employing office continues to have an obligation to reinstate an employee upon return from leave. (b) The employing office may recover the employee’s share of any premium payments missed by the employee for any FMLA leave period during which the employing office maintains health coverage by paying the em-ployee’s share after the premium payment is missed. (c) If coverage lapses because an employee has not made required premium payments, upon the employee’s return from FMLA leave the employing office must still restore the employee to coverage/benefits equivalent to those the employee would have had if leave had not been taken and the premium payment(s) had not been missed, including family or dependent coverage. See 825.215(d)(1)–(5). In such case, an employee may not be required to meet any qualifica-tion requirements imposed by the plan, in-cluding any new preexisting condition wait-ing period, to wait for an open season, or to pass a medical examination to obtain rein-statement of coverage. If an employing office terminates an employee’s insurance in ac-cordance with this section and fails to re-store the employee’s health insurance as re-quired by this section upon the employee’s return, the employing office may be liable for benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the violation, and for ap-propriate equitable relief tailored to the harm suffered. 825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit costs. (a) In addition to the circumstances dis-cussed in 825.212(b), an employing office may recover its share of health plan premiums during a period of unpaid FMLA leave from an employee if the employee fails to return to work after the employee’s FMLA leave en-titlement has been exhausted or expires, un-less the reason the employee does not return is due to: (1) The continuation, recurrence, or onset of either a serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, which would otherwise enti-tle the employee to leave under FMLA; or (2) Other circumstances beyond the em-ployee’s control. Examples of other cir-cumstances beyond the employee’s control are necessarily broad. They include such sit-uations as where a parent chooses to stay home with a newborn child who has a serious health condition; an employee’s spouse is un-expectedly transferred to a job location more than 75 miles from the employee’s worksite; a relative or individual other than a covered family member has a serious health condi-tion and the employee is needed to provide care; the employee is laid off while on leave; or, the employee is a key employee who de-cides not to return to work upon being noti-fied of the employing office’s intention to deny restoration because of substantial and grievous economic injury to the employing office’s operations and is not reinstated by the employing office. Other circumstances beyond the employee’s control would not in-clude a situation where an employee desires to remain with a parent in a distant city even though the parent no longer requires the employee’s care, or a parent chooses not to return to work to stay home with a well, newborn child. (3) When an employee fails to return to work because of the continuation, recur-rence, or onset of either a serious health con-dition of the employee or employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, thereby precluding the employing office from recovering its (share of) health benefit premium payments made on the employee’s behalf during a pe-riod of unpaid FMLA leave, the employing office may require medical certification of the employee’s or the family member’s seri-ous health condition or the covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. Such certification is not required unless re-quested by the employing office. The cost of the certification shall be borne by the em-ployee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. The employee is required to provide medical certification in a timely manner which, for purposes of this section, is within 30 days from the date of the employing office’s request. For purposes of medical certification, the employee may use the optional forms developed for this purpose. See 825.306(b), 825.310(c)–(d) and Forms A, B, and F. If the employing office requests medical certification and the em-ployee does not provide such certification in a timely manner (within 30 days), or the rea-son for not returning to work does not meet the test of other circumstances beyond the employee’s control, the employing office may recover 100 percent of the health benefit premiums it paid during the period of unpaid FMLA leave. (b) Under some circumstances an employ-ing office may elect to maintain other bene-fits, e.g., life insurance, disability insurance, etc., by paying the employee’s (share of) pre-miums during periods of unpaid FMLA leave. For example, to ensure the employing office can meet its responsibilities to provide equivalent benefits to the employee upon re-turn from unpaid FMLA leave, it may be necessary that premiums be paid continu-ously to avoid a lapse of coverage. If the em-ploying office elects to maintain such bene-fits during the leave, at the conclusion of leave, the employing office is entitled to re-cover only the costs incurred for paying the employee’s share of any premiums whether or not the employee returns to work. (c) An employee who returns to work for at least 30 calendar days is considered to have returned to work. An employee who trans-fers directly from taking FMLA leave to re-tirement, or who retires during the first 30 days after the employee returns to work, is deemed to have returned to work. (d) When an employee elects or an employ-ing office requires paid leave to be sub-stituted for FMLA leave, the employing of-fice may not recover its (share of) health in-surance or other non-health benefit pre-miums for any period of FMLA leave covered by paid leave. Because paid leave provided under a plan covering temporary disabilities (including workers’ compensation) is not un-paid, recovery of health insurance premiums does not apply to such paid leave. (e) The amount that self-insured employ-ing offices may recover is limited to only the employing office’s share of allowable pre-miums as would be calculated under COBRA, excluding the two percent fee for administra-tive costs. (f) When an employee fails to return to work, any health and non-health benefit pre-miums which this section of the regulations permits an employing office to recover are a debt owed by the non-returning employee to the employing office. The existence of this debt caused by the employee’s failure to re-turn to work does not alter the employing office’s responsibilities for health benefit coverage and, under a self-insurance plan, payment of claims incurred during the pe-riod of FMLA leave. To the extent recovery is allowed, the employing office may recover the costs through deduction from any sums due to the employee (e.g., unpaid wages, va-cation pay, etc.), provided such deductions do not otherwise violate applicable wage pay-ment or other laws. Alternatively, the em-ploying office may initiate legal action against the employee to recover such costs. 825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. General Rule. On return from FMLA leave, an employee is entitled to be returned to the same position the employee held when leave commenced, or to an equivalent position with equivalent benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. An em-ployee is entitled to such reinstatement even if the employee has been replaced or his or her position has been restructured to accom-modate the employee’s absence. See also 825.106(e) for the obligations of employing of-fices that are joint employers. 825.215 Equivalent position. (a) Equivalent position. An equivalent posi-tion is one that is virtually identical to the employee’s former position in terms of pay, benefits and working conditions, including privileges, prerequisites and status. It must involve the same or substantially similar du-ties and responsibilities, which must entail substantially equivalent skill, effort, respon-sibility, and authority. (b) Conditions to qualify. If an employee is no longer qualified for the position because of the employee’s inability to attend a nec-essary course, renew a license, etc., as a re- sult of the leave, the employee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to fulfill those con-ditions upon return to work. (c) Equivalent Pay. (1) An employee is enti-tled to any unconditional pay increases which may have occurred during the FMLA leave period, such as cost of living increases. Pay increases conditioned upon seniority, length of service, or work performed must be granted in accordance with the employing office’s policy or practice with respect to other employees on an equivalent leave sta-tus for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. An employee is entitled to be restored to a position with the same or equivalent pay premiums, such as a shift dif-ferential. If an employee departed from a po-sition averaging ten hours of overtime (and corresponding overtime pay) each week, an employee is ordinarily entitled to such a po-sition on return from FMLA leave. (2) Equivalent pay includes any bonus or payment, whether it is discretionary or non- discretionary, made to employees consistent with the provisions of paragraph (c)(1) of this section. However, if a bonus or other pay-ment is based on the achievement of a speci-fied goal such as hours worked, products sold or perfect attendance, and the employee has not met the goal due to FMLA leave, then the payment may be denied, unless otherwise paid to employees on an equivalent leave status for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. For example, if an employee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4157 June 22, 2016 
who used paid vacation leave for a non- FMLA purpose would receive the payment, then the employee who used paid vacation leave for an FMLA-protected purpose also must receive the payment. (d) Equivalent benefits. Benefits include all benefits provided or made available to em-ployees by an employing office, including group life insurance, health insurance, dis-ability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational benefits, and pensions, regard-less of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office through an employee benefit plan. (1) At the end of an employee’s FMLA leave, benefits must be resumed in the same manner and at the same levels as provided when the leave began, and subject to any changes in benefit levels that may have taken place during the period of FMLA leave affecting the entire work force, unless other-wise elected by the employee. Upon return from FMLA leave, an employee cannot be re-quired to requalify for any benefits the em-ployee enjoyed before FMLA leave began (in-cluding family or dependent coverages). For example, if an employee was covered by a life insurance policy before taking leave but is not covered or coverage lapses during the period of unpaid FMLA leave, the employee cannot be required to meet any qualifica-tions, such as taking a physical examina-tion, in order to requalify for life insurance upon return from leave. Accordingly, some employing offices may find it necessary to modify life insurance and other benefits pro-grams in order to restore employees to equivalent benefits upon return from FMLA leave, make arrangements for continued payment of costs to maintain such benefits during unpaid FMLA leave, or pay these costs subject to recovery from the employee on return from leave. See 825.213(b). (2) An employee may, but is not entitled to, accrue any additional benefits or senior-ity during unpaid FMLA leave. Benefits ac-crued at the time leave began, however, ( e.g., paid vacation, sick or personal leave to the extent not substituted for FMLA leave) must be available to an employee upon return from leave. (3) If, while on unpaid FMLA leave, an em-ployee desires to continue life insurance, dis-ability insurance, or other types of benefits for which he or she typically pays, the em-ploying office is required to follow estab-lished policies or practices for continuing such benefits for other instances of leave without pay. If the employing office has no established policy, the employee and the em-ploying office are encouraged to agree upon arrangements before FMLA leave begins. (4) With respect to pension and other re-tirement plans, any period of unpaid FMLA leave shall not be treated as or counted to-ward a break in service for purposes of vest-ing and eligibility to participate. Also, if the plan requires an employee to be employed on a specific date in order to be credited with a year of service for vesting, contributions or participation purposes, an employee on un-paid FMLA leave on that date shall be deemed to have been employed on that date. However, unpaid FMLA leave periods need not be treated as credited service for pur-poses of benefit accrual, vesting and eligi-bility to participate. (5) Employees on unpaid FMLA leave are to be treated as if they continued to work for purposes of changes to benefit plans. They are entitled to changes in benefits plans, ex-cept those which may be dependent upon se-niority or accrual during the leave period, immediately upon return from leave or to the same extent they would have qualified if no leave had been taken. For example if the benefit plan is predicated on a pre-estab-lished number of hours worked each year and the employee does not have sufficient hours as a result of taking unpaid FMLA leave, the benefit is lost. (In this regard, 825.209 ad-dresses health benefits.) (e) Equivalent terms and conditions of em-ployment. An equivalent position must have substantially similar duties, conditions, re-sponsibilities, privileges and status as the employee’s original position. (1) The employee must be reinstated to the same or a geographically proximate worksite (i.e., one that does not involve a significant increase in commuting time or distance) from where the employee had previously been employed. If the employee’s original worksite has been closed, the employee is en-titled to the same rights as if the employee had not been on leave when the worksite closed. For example, if an employing office transfers all employees from a closed work-site to a new worksite in a different city, the employee on leave is also entitled to transfer under the same conditions as if he or she had continued to be employed. (2) The employee is ordinarily entitled to return to the same shift or the same or an equivalent work schedule. (3) The employee must have the same or an equivalent opportunity for bonuses, and other similar discretionary and non-discre-tionary payments. (4) FMLA does not prohibit an employing office from accommodating an employee’s request to be restored to a different shift, schedule, or position which better suits the employee’s personal needs on return from leave, or to offer a promotion to a better po-sition. However, an employee cannot be in-duced by the employing office to accept a different position against the employee’s wishes. (f) De minimis exception. The requirement that an employee be restored to the same or equivalent job with the same or equivalent pay, benefits, and terms and conditions of employment does not extend to de minimis, intangible, or unmeasurable aspects of the job. 825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to reinstatement. (a) An employee has no greater right to re-instatement or to other benefits and condi-tions of employment than if the employee had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. An employing office must be able to show that an employee would not otherwise have been employed at the time reinstatement is requested in order to deny restoration to employment. For ex-ample: (1) If an employee is laid off during the course of taking FMLA leave and employ-ment is terminated, the employing office’s responsibility to continue FMLA leave, maintain group health plan benefits and re-store the employee ceases at the time the employee is laid off, provided the employing office has no continuing obligations under a collective bargaining agreement or other-wise. An employing office would have the burden of proving that an employee would have been laid off during the FMLA leave pe-riod and, therefore, would not be entitled to restoration. Restoration to a job slated for lay-off when the employee’s original position is not would not meet the requirements of an equivalent position. (2) If a shift has been eliminated, or over-time has been decreased, an employee would not be entitled to return to work that shift or the original overtime hours upon restora-tion. However, if a position on, for example, a night shift has been filled by another em-ployee, the employee is entitled to return to the same shift on which employed before taking FMLA leave. (3) If an employee was hired for a specific term or only to perform work on a discrete project, the employing office has no obliga-tion to restore the employee if the employ-ment term or project is over and the employ-ing office would not otherwise have contin-ued to employ the employee. On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the work was assigned to another em-ploying office, the successor employing of-fice may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office. (b) In addition to the circumstances ex-plained above, an employing office may deny job restoration to salaried eligible employees (key employees, as defined in 825.217(c)), if such denial is necessary to prevent substan-tial and grievous economic injury to the op-erations of the employing office; or may delay restoration to an employee who fails to provide a fitness-for-duty certificate to return to work under the conditions de-scribed in 825.312. (c) If the employee is unable to perform an essential function of the position because of a physical or mental condition, including the continuation of a serious health condition or an injury or illness also covered by workers’ compensation, the employee has no right to restoration to another position under the FMLA. The employing office’s obligations may, however, be governed by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA. See 825.702. (d) An employee who fraudulently obtains FMLA leave from an employing office is not protected by the job restoration or mainte-nance of health benefits provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. (e) If the employing office has a uniformly- applied policy governing outside or supple-mental employment, such a policy may con-tinue to apply to an employee while on FMLA leave. An employing office which does not have such a policy may not deny benefits to which an employee is entitled under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, on this basis unless the FMLA leave was fraudu-lently obtained as in paragraph (d) of this section. 825.217 Key employee, general rule. (a) A key employee is a salaried FMLA-eligi-ble employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. (b) The term salaried means paid on a sal-ary basis, within the meaning of the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541, implementing section 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), regard-ing employees who may qualify as exempt from the minimum wage and overtime re-quirements of the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA. (c) A key employee must be among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employ-ees—both salaried and non-salaried, eligible and ineligible—who are employed by the em-ploying office within 75 miles of the work-site. (1) In determining which employees are among the highest paid 10 percent, year- to- date earnings are divided by weeks worked by the employee (including weeks in which paid leave was taken). Earnings include wages, premium pay, incentive pay, and non- discretionary and discretionary bonuses. Earnings do not include incentives whose value is determined at some future date, e.g., benefits or prerequisites. (2) The determination of whether a salaried employee is among the highest paid 10 per-cent shall be made at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave. No more than 10 percent of the employing office’s em-ployees within 75 miles of the worksite may be key employees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4158 June 22, 2016 
825.218 Substantial and grievous economic injury. (a) In order to deny restoration to a key employee, an employing office must deter-mine that the restoration of the employee to employment will cause substantial and grievous economic injury to the operations of the employing office, not whether the ab-sence of the employee will cause such sub-stantial and grievous injury. (b) An employing office may take into ac-count its ability to replace on a temporary basis (or temporarily do without) the em-ployee on FMLA leave. If permanent replace-ment is unavoidable, the cost of then rein-stating the employee can be considered in evaluating whether substantial and grievous economic injury will occur from restoration; in other words, the effect on the operations of the employing office of reinstating the employee in an equivalent position. (c) A precise test cannot be set for the level of hardship or injury to the employing office which must be sustained. If the rein-statement of a key employee threatens the economic viability of the employing office, that would constitute substantial and griev-ous economic injury. A lesser injury which causes substantial, long-term economic in-jury would also be sufficient. Minor incon-veniences and costs that the employing of-fice would experience in the normal course would certainly not constitute substantial and grievous economic injury. (d) FMLA’s substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury standard is different from and more stringent than the undue hardship test under the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA. See also 825.702. 825.219 Rights of a key employee. (a) An employing office that believes that reinstatement may be denied to a key em-ployee, must give written notice to the em-ployee at the time the employee gives notice of the need for FMLA leave (or when FMLA leave commences, if earlier) that he or she qualifies as a key employee. At the same time, the employing office must also fully inform the employee of the potential con-sequences with respect to reinstatement and maintenance of health benefits if the em-ploying office should determine that sub-stantial and grievous economic injury to the employing office’s operations will result if the employee is reinstated from FMLA leave. If such notice cannot be given imme-diately because of the need to determine whether the employee is a key employee, it shall be given as soon as practicable after being notified of a need for leave (or the commencement of leave, if earlier). It is ex-pected that in most circumstances there will be no desire that an employee be denied res-toration after FMLA leave and, therefore, there would be no need to provide such no-tice. However, an employing office who fails to provide such timely notice will lose its right to deny restoration even if substantial and grievous economic injury will result from reinstatement. (b) As soon as an employing office makes a good faith determination, based on the facts available, that substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury to its operations will result if a key employee who has given notice of the need for FMLA leave or is using FMLA leave is reinstated, the employing office shall no-tify the employee in writing of its deter-mination, that it cannot deny FMLA leave, and that it intends to deny restoration to employment on completion of the FMLA leave. It is anticipated that an employing of-fice will ordinarily be able to give such no-tice prior to the employee starting leave. The employing office must serve this notice either in person or by certified mail. This no-tice must explain the basis for the employing office’s finding that substantial and grievous economic injury will result, and, if leave has commenced, must provide the employee a reasonable time in which to return to work, taking into account the circumstances, such as the length of the leave and the urgency of the need for the employee to return. (c) If an employee on leave does not return to work in response to the employing office’s notification of intent to deny restoration, the employee continues to be entitled to maintenance of health benefits and the em-ploying office may not recover its cost of health benefit premiums. A key employee’s rights under FMLA continue unless and until the employee either gives notice that he or she no longer wishes to return to work, or the employing office actually denies rein-statement at the conclusion of the leave pe-riod. (d) After notice to an employee has been given that substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury will result if the employee is reinstated to employment, an employee is still entitled to request reinstatement at the end of the leave period even if the employee did not return to work in response to the em-ploying office’s notice. The employing office must then again determine whether there will be substantial and grievous economic in-jury from reinstatement, based on the facts at that time. If it is determined that sub-stantial and grievous economic injury will result, the employing office shall notify the employee in writing (in person or by cer-tified mail) of the denial of restoration. 825.220 Protection for employees who request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. (a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, prohibits interference with an employ-ee’s rights under the law, and with legal pro-ceedings or inquiries relating to an employ-ee’s rights. More specifically, the law con-tains the following employee protections: (1) An employing office is prohibited from interfering with, restraining, or denying the exercise of (or attempts to exercise) any rights provided by the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA. (2) An employing office is prohibited from discharging or in any other way discrimi-nating against any covered employee (wheth-er or not an eligible employee) for opposing or complaining about any unlawful practice under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. (3) All employing offices are prohibited from discharging or in any other way dis-criminating against any covered employee (whether or not an eligible employee) be-cause that covered employee has— (i) Filed any charge, or has instituted (or caused to be instituted) any proceeding under or related to the FMLA, as made ap-plicable by the CAA; (ii) Given, or is about to give, any informa-tion in connection with an inquiry or pro-ceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA; (iii) Testified, or is about to testify, in any inquiry or proceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. (b) Any violations of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or of these regula-tions constitute interfering with, restrain-ing, or denying the exercise of rights pro-vided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the vio-lation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See 825.400(c). Interfering with the exercise of an employee’s rights would include, for example, not only refusing to au-thorize FMLA leave, but discouraging an em-ployee from using such leave. It would also include manipulation by a covered employ-ing office to avoid responsibilities under FMLA, for example: (1) [Reserved] (2) Changing the essential functions of the job in order to preclude the taking of leave; or (3) Reducing hours available to work in order to avoid employee eligibility. (c) The FMLA’s prohibition against inter-ference prohibits an employing office from discriminating or retaliating against an em-ployee or prospective employee for having exercised or attempted to exercise FMLA rights. For example, if an employee on leave without pay would otherwise be entitled to full benefits (other than health benefits), the same benefits would be required to be pro-vided to an employee on unpaid FMLA leave. By the same token, employing offices cannot use the taking of FMLA leave as a negative factor in employment actions, such as hir-ing, promotions or disciplinary actions; nor can FMLA leave be counted under no fault attendance policies. See 825.215. (d) Employees cannot waive, nor may em-ploying offices induce employees to waive, their rights under FMLA. For example, em-ployees (or their collective bargaining rep-resentatives) cannot trade off the right to take FMLA leave against some other benefit offered by the employing office. Except for settlement agreements covered by 1414 and/ or 1415 of the Congressional Accountability Act, this does not prevent the settlement or release of FMLA claims by employees based on past employing office conduct without the approval of the Office of Compliance or a court. Nor does it prevent an employee’s vol-untary and uncoerced acceptance (not as a condition of employment) of a light duty as-signment while recovering from a serious health condition. See 825.702(d). An employ-ee’s acceptance of such light duty assign-ment does not constitute a waiver of the em-ployee’s prospective rights, including the right to be restored to the same position the employee held at the time the employee’s FMLA leave commenced or to an equivalent position. The employee’s right to restora-tion, however, ceases at the end of the appli-cable 12–month FMLA leave year. (e) Covered employees, and not merely eli-gible employees, are protected from retalia-tion for opposing (e.g., filing a complaint about) any practice which is unlawful under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. They are similarly protected if they oppose any practice which they reasonably believe to be a violation of the FMLA, as made ap-plicable by the CAA, or regulations. SUBPART C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA 825.300 Employing office notice require-ments. (a)(1) If an employing office has any eligi-ble employees and has any written guidance to employees concerning employee benefits or leave rights, such as in an employee hand-book, information concerning both entitle-ments and employee obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, must be included in the handbook or other docu-ment. For example, if an employing office provides an employee handbook to all em-ployees that describes the employing office’s policies regarding leave, wages, attendance, and similar matters, the handbook must in-corporate information on FMLA rights and responsibilities and the employing office’s policies regarding the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA. Informational publica-tions describing the provisions of the FMLA, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4159 June 22, 2016 
as made applicable by the CAA, are available from the Office of Compliance and may be in-corporated in such employing office hand-books or written policies. (2) If such an employing office does not have written policies, manuals, or handbooks describing employee benefits and leave pro-visions, the employing office shall provide written guidance to an employee concerning all the employee’s rights and obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. This notice shall be provided to em-ployees each time notice is given pursuant to paragraph (c), and in accordance with the provisions of that paragraph. Employing of-fices may duplicate and provide the em-ployee a copy of the FMLA Fact Sheet avail-able from the Office of Compliance to pro-vide such guidance. (b) Eligibility notice. (1) When an employee requests FMLA leave, or when the employing office acquires knowledge that an employee’s leave may be for an FMLA-qualifying reason, the employing office must notify the em-ployee of the employee’s eligibility to take FMLA leave within five business days, ab-sent extenuating circumstances. See 825.110 for definition of an eligible employee. Em-ployee eligibility is determined (and notice must be provided) at the commencement of the first instance of leave for each FMLA- qualifying reason in the applicable 12–month period. See 825.127(c) and 825.200(b). All FMLA absences for the same qualifying reason are considered a single leave and employee eligi-bility as to that reason for leave does not change during the applicable 12-month pe-riod. (2) The eligibility notice must state wheth-er the employee is eligible for FMLA leave as defined in 825.110. If the employee is not eligible for FMLA leave, the notice must state at least one reason why the employee is not eligible, including as applicable the number of months the employee has been employed by the employing office and the hours of service with the employing office during the 12-month period. Notification of eligibility may be oral or in writing; employ-ing offices may use Form C to provide such notification to employees. (3) If, at the time an employee provides no-tice of a subsequent need for FMLA leave during the applicable 12-month period due to a different FMLA-qualifying reason, and the employee’s eligibility status has not changed, no additional eligibility notice is required. If, however, the employee’s eligi-bility status has changed (e.g., if the em- ployee has not met the hours of service re-quirement in the 12 months preceding the commencement of leave for the subsequent qualifying reason), the employing office must notify the employee of the change in eligibility status within five business days, absent extenuating circumstances. (c) Rights and responsibilities notice. (1) Em- ploying offices shall provide written notice detailing the specific expectations and obli-gations of the employee and explaining any consequences of a failure to meet these obli-gations. This notice shall be provided to the employee each time the eligibility notice is provided pursuant to paragraph (b) of this section. If leave has already begun, the no-tice should be mailed to the employee’s ad-dress of record. Such specific notice must in-clude, as appropriate: (i) That the leave may be designated and counted against the employee’s annual FMLA leave entitlement if qualifying ( see 825.300(c) and 825.301) and the applicable 12- month period for FMLA entitlement ( see 825.127(c), 825.200(b), (f), and (g)); (ii) Any requirements for the employee to furnish certification of a serious health con-dition, serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency arising out of covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and the consequences of failing to do so ( see 825.305, 825.309, 825.310, 825.313); (iii) The employee’s right to substitute paid leave, whether the employing office will require the substitution of paid leave, the conditions related to any substitution, and the employee’s entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if the employee does not meet the conditions for paid leave (see 825.207); (iv) Any requirement for the employee to make any premium payments to maintain health benefits and the arrangements for making such payments (see 825.210), and the possible consequences of failure to make such payments on a timely basis ( i.e., the circumstances under which coverage may lapse); (v) The employee’s status as a key em-ployee and the potential consequence that restoration may be denied following FMLA leave, explaining the conditions required for such denial (see 825.218); (vi) The employee’s right to maintenance of benefits during the FMLA leave and res-toration to the same or an equivalent job upon return from FMLA leave (see 825.214 and 825.604); and (vii) The employee’s potential liability for payment of health insurance premiums paid by the employing office during the employ-ee’s unpaid FMLA leave if the employee fails to return to work after taking FMLA leave (see 825.213). (2) The notice of rights and responsibilities may include other information— e.g., wheth- er the employing office will require periodic reports of the employee’s status and intent to return to work—but is not required to do so. (3) The notice of rights and responsibilities may be accompanied by any required certifi-cation form. (4) If the specific information provided by the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, the employing office shall, within five business days of receipt of the employ-ee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, provide written notice ref-erencing the prior notice and setting forth any of the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities that has changed. For example, if the initial leave period was paid leave and the subsequent leave period would be unpaid leave, the employing office may need to give notice of the arrangements for making premium payments. (5) Employing offices are also expected to responsively answer questions from employ-ees concerning their rights and responsibil-ities under the FMLA, as made applicable under the CAA. (6) A prototype notice of rights and respon-sibilities may be obtained in Form C, or from the Office of Compliance. Employing of-fices may adapt the prototype notice as ap-propriate to meet these notice requirements. The notice of rights and responsibilities may be distributed electronically so long as it otherwise meets the requirements of this section. (d) Designation notice. (1) The employing of-fice is responsible in all circumstances for designating leave as FMLA-qualifying, and for giving notice of the designation to the employee as provided in this section. When the employing office has enough information to determine whether the leave is being taken for a FMLA-qualifying reason ( e.g., after receiving a certification), the employ-ing office must notify the employee whether the leave will be designated and will be counted as FMLA leave within five business days absent extenuating circumstances. Only one notice of designation is required for each FMLA-qualifying reason per applicable 12– month period, regardless of whether the leave taken due to the qualifying reason will be a continuous block of leave or intermit-tent or reduced schedule leave. If the em-ploying office determines that the leave will not be designated as FMLA-qualifying ( e.g., if the leave is not for a reason covered by FMLA or the FMLA leave entitlement has been exhausted), the employing office must notify the employee of that determination. If the employing office requires paid leave to be substituted for unpaid FMLA leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employ-ing office must inform the employee of this designation at the time of designating the FMLA leave. (2) If the employing office has sufficient in-formation to designate the leave as FMLA leave immediately after receiving notice of the employee’s need for leave, the employing office may provide the employee with the designation notice at that time. (3) If the employing office will require the employee to present a fitness-for-duty cer-tification to be restored to employment, the employing office must provide notice of such requirement with the designation notice. If the employing office will require that the fitness-for-duty certification address the em-ployee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position, the em-ploying office must so indicate in the des-ignation notice, and must include a list of the essential functions of the employee’s po-sition. See 825.312. If the employing office’s handbook or other written documents (if any) describing the employing office’s leave policies clearly provide that a fitness-for- duty certification will be required in specific circumstances (e.g., by stating that fitness- for-duty certification will be required in all cases of back injuries for employees in a cer-tain occupation), the employing office is not required to provide written notice of the re-quirement with the designation notice, but must provide oral notice no later than with the designation notice. (4) The designation notice must be in writ-ing. A prototype designation notice is con-tained in Form D which may be obtained from the Office of Compliance. If the leave is not designated as FMLA leave because it does not meet the requirements of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the notice to the employee that the leave is not designated as FMLA leave may be in the form of a simple written statement. The des-ignation notice may be distributed electroni-cally so long as it otherwise meets the re-quirements of this section and the employing office can demonstrate that the employee (who may already be on leave and who may not have access to employing office-provided computers) has access to the information electronically. (5) If the information provided by the em-
ploying office to the employee in the des-ignation notice changes (e.g., the employee exhausts the FMLA leave entitlement), the employing office shall provide, within five business days of receipt of the employee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, written notice of the change. (6) The employing office must notify the employee of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. If the amount of leave needed is known at the time the employing office des-ignates the leave as FMLA-qualifying, the employing office must notify the employee of the number of hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement in the designation notice. If it is not possible to provide the hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), then the employing of-fice must provide notice of the amount of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4160 June 22, 2016 
leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement upon the request by the employee, but no more often than once in a 30–day period and only if leave was taken in that period. The notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement may be oral or in writing. If such notice is oral, it shall be confirmed in writing no later than the following payday (unless the payday is less than one week after the oral notice, in which case the no-tice must be no later than the subsequent payday). Such written notice may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub. (e) Consequences of failing to provide notice. Failure to follow the notice requirements set forth in this section may constitute an inter-ference with, restraint, or denial of the exer-cise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An em-ploying office may be liable for compensa-tion and benefits lost by reason of the viola-tion, for other actual monetary losses sus-tained as a direct result of the violation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, in-cluding employment, reinstatement, pro-motion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See 825.400(c). 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. (a) Employing office responsibilities. The em- ploying office’s decision to designate leave as FMLA-qualifying must be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s spokesperson (e.g., if the em- ployee is incapacitated, the employee’s spouse, adult child, parent, doctor, etc., may provide notice to the employing office of the need to take FMLA leave). In any cir-cumstance where the employing office does not have sufficient information about the reason for an employee’s use of leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or the spokesperson to ascer-tain whether leave is potentially FMLA- qualifying. Once the employing office has ac-quired knowledge that the leave is being taken for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the em-ploying office must notify the employee as provided in 825.300(d). (b) Employee responsibilities. An employee giving notice of the need for FMLA leave does not need to expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA to meet his or her obligation to provide notice, though the employee would need to state a quali-fying reason for the needed leave and other-wise satisfy the notice requirements set forth in 825.302 or 825.303 depending on whether the need for leave is foreseeable or unforeseeable. An employee giving notice of the need for FMLA leave must explain the reasons for the needed leave so as to allow the employing office to determine whether the leave qualifies under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. If the employee fails to explain the reasons, leave may be denied. In many cases, in explaining the reasons for a request to use leave, especially when the need for the leave was unexpected or unfore-seen, an employee will provide sufficient in-formation for the employing office to des-ignate the leave as FMLA leave. An em-ployee using accrued paid leave may in some cases not spontaneously explain the reasons or their plans for using their accrued leave. However, if an employee requesting to use paid leave for a FMLA-qualifying reason does not explain the reason for the leave and the employing office denies the employee’s request, the employee will need to provide sufficient information to establish a FMLA- qualifying reason for the needed leave so that the employing office is aware that the leave may not be denied and may designate that the paid leave be appropriately counted against (substituted for) the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Similarly, an em-ployee using accrued paid vacation leave who seeks an extension of unpaid leave for a FMLA-qualifying reason will need to state the reason. If this is due to an event which occurred during the period of paid leave, the employing office may count the leave used after the FMLA-qualifying reason against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. (c) Disputes. If there is a dispute between an employing office and an employee as to whether leave qualifies as FMLA leave, it should be resolved through discussions be-tween the employee and the employing of-fice. Such discussions and the decision must be documented. (d) Retroactive designation. If an employing office does not designate leave as required by 825.300, the employing office may retro-actively designate leave as FMLA leave with appropriate notice to the employee as re-quired by 825.300 provided that the employ-ing office’s failure to timely designate leave does not cause harm or injury to the em-ployee. In all cases where leave would qual-ify for FMLA protections, an employing of-fice and an employee can mutually agree that leave be retroactively designated as FMLA leave. (e) Remedies. If an employing office’s fail-ure to timely designate leave in accordance with 825.300 causes the employee to suffer harm, it may constitute an interference with, restraint of, or denial of the exercise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the violation, and for appro-priate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suf-fered. See 825.400(c). For example, if an em-ploying office that was put on notice that an employee needed FMLA leave failed to des-ignate the leave properly, but the employee’s own serious health condition prevented him or her from returning to work during that time period regardless of the designation, an employee may not be able to show that the employee suffered harm as a result of the employing office’s actions. However, if an employee took leave to provide care for a son or daughter with a serious health condi-tion believing it would not count toward his or her FMLA entitlement, and the employee planned to later use that FMLA leave to pro-vide care for a spouse who would need assist-ance when recovering from surgery planned for a later date, the employee may be able to show that harm has occurred as a result of the employing office’s failure to designate properly. The employee might establish this by showing that he or she would have ar-ranged for an alternative caregiver for the seriously-ill son or daughter if the leave had been designated timely. 825.302 Employee notice requirements for foreseeable FMLA leave. (a) Timing of notice. An employee must pro-vide the employing office at least 30 days ad-vance notice before FMLA leave is to begin if the need for the leave is foreseeable based on an expected birth, placement for adoption or foster care, planned medical treatment for a serious health condition of the employee or of a family member, or the planned medical treatment for a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember. If 30 days notice is not practicable, such as because of a lack of knowledge of approximately when leave will be required to begin, a change in cir-cumstances, or a medical emergency, notice must be given as soon as practicable. For ex-ample, an employee’s health condition may require leave to commence earlier than an-ticipated before the birth of a child. Simi-larly, little opportunity for notice may be given before placement for adoption. For foreseeable leave due to a qualifying exi-gency, notice must be provided as soon as practicable, regardless of how far in advance such leave is foreseeable. Whether FMLA leave is to be continuous or is to be taken intermittently or on a reduced schedule basis, notice need only be given one time, but the employee shall advise the employing office as soon as practicable if dates of scheduled leave change or are extended, or were initially unknown. In those cases where the employee is required to provide at least 30 days notice of foreseeable leave and does not do so, the employee shall explain the reasons why such notice was not practicable upon a request from the employing office for such information. (b) As soon as practicable means as soon as both possible and practical, taking into ac-count all of the facts and circumstances in the individual case. When an employee be-comes aware of a need for FMLA leave less than 30 days in advance, it should be prac-ticable for the employee to provide notice of the need for leave either the same day or the next business day. In all cases, however, the determination of when an employee could practicably provide notice must take into account the individual facts and cir-cumstances. (c) Content of notice. An employee shall provide at least verbal notice sufficient to make the employing office aware that the employee needs FMLA-qualifying leave, and the anticipated timing and duration of the leave. Depending on the situation, such in-formation may include that a condition ren-ders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job; that the employee is pregnant or has been hospitalized overnight; whether the employee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider; if the leave is due to a qualifying exigency, that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty), and that the requested leave is for one of the reasons listed in 825.126(b); if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family member unable to perform daily activities, or that the fam-ily member is a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness; and the antici-pated duration of the absence, if known. When an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the em-ployee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA. When an em-ployee seeks leave due to a FMLA-qualifying reason, for which the employing office has previously provided FMLA-protected leave, the employee must specifically reference the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. In all cases, the employing of-fice should inquire further of the employee if it is necessary to have more information about whether FMLA leave is being sought by the employee, and obtain the necessary details of the leave to be taken. In the case of medical conditions, the employing office may find it necessary to inquire further to determine if the leave is because of a serious health condition and may request medical certification to support the need for such leave. See 825.305. An employing office may also request certification to support the need for leave for a qualifying exigency or for military caregiver leave. See 825.309, 825.310. When an employee has been previously cer-tified for leave due to more than one FMLA- qualifying reason, the employing office may need to inquire further to determine for which qualifying reason the leave is needed. An employee has an obligation to respond to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4161 June 22, 2016 
an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially FMLA-qualifying. Failure to respond to rea-sonable employing office inquiries regarding the leave request may result in denial of FMLA protection if the employing office is unable to determine whether the leave is FMLA-qualifying. (d) Complying with the employing office pol-icy. An employing office may require an em-ployee to comply with the employing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For example, an em-ploying office may require that written no-tice set forth the reasons for the requested leave, the anticipated duration of the leave, and the anticipated start of the leave. An employee also may be required by an em-ploying office’s policy to contact a specific individual. Unusual circumstances would in-clude situations such as when an employee is unable to comply with the employing office’s policy that requests for leave should be made by contacting a specific number because on the day the employee needs to provide notice of his or her need for FMLA leave there is no one to answer the call-in number and the voice mail box is full. Where an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and procedural requirements, and no unusual circumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLA-protected leave may be delayed or denied. However, FMLA- protected leave may not be delayed or denied where the employing office’s policy requires notice to be given sooner than set forth in paragraph (a) of this section and the em-ployee provides timely notice as set forth in paragraph (a) of this section. (e) Scheduling planned medical treatment. When planning medical treatment, the em-ployee must consult with the employing of-fice and make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. Em-ployees are ordinarily expected to consult with their employing offices prior to the scheduling of treatment in order to work out a treatment schedule which best suits the needs of both the employing office and the employee. For example, if an employee who provides notice of the need to take FMLA leave on an intermittent basis for planned medical treatment neglects to consult with the employing office to make a reasonable effort to arrange the schedule of treatments so as not to unduly disrupt the employing of-fice’s operations, the employing office may initiate discussions with the employee and require the employee to attempt to make such arrangements, subject to the approval of the health care provider. See 825.203 and 825.205. (f) Intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule must be medically necessary due to a serious health condition or a serious injury or illness. An employee shall advise the employing office, upon request, of the reasons why the intermittent/reduced leave schedule is necessary and of the schedule for treatment, if applicable. The employee and employing office shall attempt to work out a schedule for such leave that meets the em-ployee’s needs without unduly disrupting the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. (g) An employing office may waive employ-ees’ FMLA notice requirements. See 825.304. 825.303 Employee notice requirements for un-foreseeable FMLA leave. (a) Timing of notice. When the approximate timing of the need for leave is not foresee-able, an employee must provide notice to the employing office as soon as practicable under the facts and circumstances of the par-ticular case. It generally should be prac-ticable for the employee to provide notice of leave that is unforeseeable within the time prescribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applica-ble to such leave. See 825.303(c). Notice may be given by the employee’s spokesperson (e.g., spouse, adult family member, or other responsible party) if the employee is unable to do so personally. For example, if an em-ployee’s child has a severe asthma attack and the employee takes the child to the emergency room, the employee would not be required to leave his or her child in order to report the absence while the child is receiv-ing emergency treatment. However, if the child’s asthma attack required only the use of an inhaler at home followed by a period of rest, the employee would be expected to call the employing office promptly after ensuring the child has used the inhaler. (b) Content of notice. An employee shall provide sufficient information for an em-ploying office to reasonably determine whether the FMLA may apply to the leave request. Depending on the situation, such in-formation may include that a condition ren-ders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job; that the employee is pregnant or has been hospitalized overnight; whether the employee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider; if the leave is due to a qualifying exigency, that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty), that the requested leave is for one of the reasons listed in 825.126(b), and the anticipated duration of the absence; or if the leave is for a family member that the condi-tion renders the family member unable to perform daily activities or that the family member is a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness; and the anticipated duration of the absence, if known. When an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even men-tion the FMLA. When an employee seeks leave due to a qualifying reason, for which the employing office has previously provided the employee FMLA-protected leave, the em-ployee must specifically reference either the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. Calling in ‘‘sick’’ without pro-viding more information will not be consid-ered sufficient notice to trigger an employ-ing office’s obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. The employing office will be expected to obtain any addi-tional required information through infor-mal means. An employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially FMLA-qualifying. Failure to re-spond to reasonable employing office inquir-ies office regarding the leave request may re-sult in denial of FMLA protection if the em-ploying office is unable to determine wheth-er the leave is FMLA-qualifying. (c) Complying with employing office policy. When the need for leave is not foreseeable, an employee must comply with the employ-ing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For ex-ample, an employing office may require em-ployees to call a designated number or a spe-cific individual to request leave. However, if an employee requires emergency medical treatment, he or she would not be required to follow the call-in procedure until his or her condition is stabilized and he or she has access to, and is able to use, a phone. Simi-larly, in the case of an emergency requiring leave because of a FMLA-qualifying reason, written advance notice pursuant to an em-ploying office’s internal rules and procedures may not be required when FMLA leave is in-volved. If an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and pro-cedural requirements, and no unusual cir-cumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLA-protected leave may be delayed or de-nied. 825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. (a) Proper notice required. In all cases, in order for the onset of an employee’s FMLA leave to be delayed due to lack of required notice, it must be clear that the employee had actual notice of the FMLA notice re-quirements. This condition would be satis-fied by the employing office’s proper posting, at the worksite where the employee is em-ployed, of the information regarding the FMLA provided (pursuant to section 301(h)(2) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 1381(h)(2)) by the Office of Compliance to the employing office in a manner suitable for posting. (b) Foreseeable leave—30 days. When the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance and an employee fails to give timely advance notice with no reason-able excuse, the employing office may delay FMLA coverage until 30 days after the date the employee provides notice. The need for leave and the approximate date leave would be taken must have been clearly foreseeable to the employee 30 days in advance of the leave. For example, knowledge that an em-ployee would receive a telephone call about the availability of a child for adoption at some unknown point in the future would not be sufficient to establish the leave was clear-ly foreseeable 30 days in advance. (c) Foreseeable leave—less than 30 days. When the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable fewer than 30 days in advance and an em-ployee fails to give notice as soon as prac-ticable under the particular facts and cir-cumstances, the extent to which an employ-ing office may delay FMLA coverage for leave depends on the facts of the particular case. For example, if an employee reasonably should have given the employing office two weeks’ notice but instead only provided one week’s notice, then the employing office may delay FMLA-protected leave for one week (thus, if the employing office elects to delay FMLA coverage and the employee nonetheless takes leave one week after pro-viding the notice (i.e., a week before the two week notice period has been met) the leave will not be FMLA-protected). (d) Unforeseeable leave. When the need for FMLA leave is unforeseeable and an em-ployee fails to give notice in accordance with 825.303, the extent to which an employing of-fice may delay FMLA coverage for leave de-pends on the facts of the particular case. For example, if it would have been practicable for an employee to have given the employing office notice of the need for leave very soon after the need arises consistent with the em-ploying office’s policy, but instead the em-ployee provided notice two days after the leave began, then the employing office may delay FMLA coverage of the leave by two days. (e) Waiver of notice. An employing office may waive employees’ FMLA notice obliga-tions or the employing office’s own internal rules on leave notice requirements. If an em-ploying office does not waive the employee’s obligations under its internal leave rules, the employing office may take appropriate action under its internal rules and proce-dures for failure to follow its usual and cus-tomary notification rules, absent unusual circumstances, as long as the actions are taken in a manner that does not discrimi-nate against employees taking FMLA leave and the rules are not inconsistent with 825.303(a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4162 June 22, 2016 
825.305 Certification, general rule. (a) General. An employing office may re-quire that an employee’s leave to care for the employee’s covered family member with a serious health condition, or due to the em-ployee’s own serious health condition that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of the em-ployee’s position, be supported by a certifi-cation issued by the health care provider of the employee or the employee’s family mem-ber. An employing office may also require that an employee’s leave because of a quali-fying exigency or to care for a covered serv-icemember with a serious injury or illness be supported by a certification, as described in 825.309 and 825.310, respectively. An employ-ing office must give notice of a requirement for certification each time a certification is required; such notice must be written notice whenever required by 825.300(c). An employ-ing office’s oral request to an employee to furnish any subsequent certification is suffi-cient. (b) Timing. In most cases, the employing of-fice should request that an employee furnish certification at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days thereafter, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. The employing office may request certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its duration. The employee must provide the requested certification to the employing office within 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request, unless it is not practicable under the particular cir-cumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts or the employing office provides more than 15 calendar days to return the requested certification. (c) Complete and sufficient certification. The employee must provide a complete and suffi-cient certification to the employing office if required by the employing office in accord-ance with 825.306, 825.309, and 825.310. The em-ploying office shall advise an employee whenever the employing office finds a cer-tification incomplete or insufficient, and shall state in writing what additional infor-mation is necessary to make the certifi-cation complete and sufficient. A certifi-cation is considered incomplete if the em-ploying office receives a certification, but one or more of the applicable entries have not been completed. A certification is con-sidered insufficient if the employing office receives a complete certification, but the in-formation provided is vague, ambiguous, or non-responsive. The employing office must provide the employee with seven calendar days (unless not practicable under the par-ticular circumstances despite the employee’s diligent good faith efforts) to cure any such deficiency. If the deficiencies specified by the employing office are not cured in the re-submitted certification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in ac-cordance with 825.313. A certification that is not returned to the employing office is not considered incomplete or insufficient, but constitutes a failure to provide certification. (d) Consequences. At the time the employ-ing office requests certification, the employ-ing office must also advise an employee of the anticipated consequences of an employ-ee’s failure to provide adequate certification. If the employee fails to provide the employ-ing office with a complete and sufficient cer-tification, despite the opportunity to cure the certification as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, or fails to provide any certifi-cation, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in accordance with 825.313. It is the employee’s responsibility ei-ther to furnish a complete and sufficient cer-tification or to furnish the health care pro-vider providing the certification with any necessary authorization from the employee or the employee’s family member in order for the health care provider to release a com-plete and sufficient certification to the em-ploying office to support the employee’s FMLA request. This provision will apply in any case where an employing office requests a certification permitted by these regula-tions, whether it is the initial certification, a recertification, a second or third opinion, or a fitness-for-duty certificate, including any clarifications necessary to determine if such certifications are authentic and suffi-cient. See 825.306, 825.307, 825.308, and 825.312. (e) Annual medical certification. Where the employee’s need for leave due to the employ-ee’s own serious health condition, or the se-rious health condition of the employee’s cov-ered family member, lasts beyond a single leave year (as defined in 825.200), the employ-ing office may require the employee to pro-vide a new medical certification in each sub-sequent leave year. Such new medical cer-tifications are subject to the provisions for authentication and clarification set forth in 825.307, including second and third opinions. 825.306 Content of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. (a) Required information. When leave is taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition, or the serious health condi-tion of a family member, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a medical certification from a health care provider that sets forth the following information: (1) The name, address, telephone number, and fax number of the health care provider and type of medical practice/specialization; (2) The approximate date on which the se-rious health condition commenced, and its probable duration; (3) A statement or description of appro-priate medical facts regarding the patient’s health condition for which FMLA leave is re-quested. The medical facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. Such medical facts may include information on symptoms, diagnosis, hospitalization, doctor visits, whether medication has been prescribed, any referrals for evaluation or treatment (phys-ical therapy, for example), or any other regi-men of continuing treatment; (4) If the employee is the patient, informa-tion sufficient to establish that the em-ployee cannot perform the essential func-tions of the employee’s job as well as the na-ture of any other work restrictions, and the likely duration of such inability (see 825.123(b)); (5) If the patient is a covered family mem-ber with a serious health condition, informa-tion sufficient to establish that the family member is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the leave required to care for the family member; (6) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment of the employee’s or a covered family member’s serious health condition, information sufficient to establish the medical necessity for such intermittent or reduced schedule leave and an estimate of the dates and duration of such treatments and any periods of recovery; (7) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis for the employee’s serious health condition, in-cluding pregnancy, that may result in un-foreseeable episodes of incapacity, informa-tion sufficient to establish the medical ne-cessity for such intermittent or reduced schedule leave and an estimate of the fre-quency and duration of the episodes of inca-pacity; and (8) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis to care for a covered family member with a se-rious health condition, a statement that such leave is medically necessary to care for the family member, as described in 825.124 and 825.203(b), which can include assisting in the family member’s recovery, and an esti-mate of the frequency and duration of the re-quired leave. (b) The Office of Compliance has developed two optional forms (Form A and Form B) for use in obtaining medical certification, in-cluding second and third opinions, from health care providers that meets FMLA’s certification requirements, as made applica-ble by the CAA. (See Forms A and B.) Op-tional Form A is for use when the employee’s need for leave is due to the employee’s own serious health condition. Optional Form B is for use when the employee needs leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. These optional forms re-flect certification requirements so as to per-mit the health care provider to furnish ap-propriate medical information. Forms A and B are modeled closely on Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as revised, which were devel-oped by the Department of Labor (see 29 C.F.R. Part 825). The employing office may use the Office of Compliance’s forms, or Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as re-vised, or another form containing the same basic information; however, no information may be required beyond that specified in 825.306, 825.307, and 825.308. In all instances the information on the form must relate only to the serious health condition for which the current need for leave exists. (c) If an employee is on FMLA leave run-ning concurrently with a workers’ compensa-tion absence, and the provisions of the work-ers’ compensation statute permit the em-ploying office or the employing office’s rep-resentative to request additional informa-tion from the employee’s workers’ com-pensation health care provider, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the applicable workers’ compensa-tion provisions and information received under those provisions may be considered in determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLA-protected leave. Similarly, an em-ploying office may request additional infor-mation in accordance with a paid leave pol-icy or disability plan that requires greater information to qualify for payments or bene-fits, provided that the employing office in-forms the employee that the additional in-formation only needs to be provided in con-nection with receipt of such payments or benefits. Any information received pursuant to such policy or plan may be considered in determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLA-protected leave. If the employee fails to provide the information required for re-ceipt of such payments or benefits, such fail-ure will not affect the employee’s entitle-ment to take unpaid FMLA leave. See 825.207(a). (d) If an employee’s serious health condi-tion may also be a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applica-ble by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the pro-cedures for requesting medical information under the ADA. Any information received pursuant to these procedures may be consid-ered in determining the employee’s entitle-ment to FMLA-protected leave. (e) While an employee may choose to com-ply with the certification requirement by providing the employing office with an au-thorization, release, or waiver allowing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4163 June 22, 2016 
employing office to communicate directly with the health care provider of the em-ployee or his or her covered family member, the employee may not be required to provide such an authorization, release, or waiver. In all instances in which certification is re-quested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with com-plete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. See 825.305(d). 825.307 Authentication and clarification of medical certification for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. (a) Clarification and authentication. If an employee submits a complete and sufficient certification signed by the health care pro-vider, the employing office may not request additional information from the health care provider. However, the employing office may contact the health care provider for purposes of clarification and authentication of the medical certification (whether initial certifi-cation or recertification) after the employ-ing office has given the employee an oppor-tunity to cure any deficiencies as set forth in 825.305(c). To make such contact, the em-ploying office must use a health care pro-vider, a human resources professional, a leave administrator, or a management offi-cial. An employee’s direct supervisor may not contact the employee’s health care pro-vider, unless the direct supervisor is also the only individual in the employing office des-ignated to process FMLA requests and the direct supervisor receives specific authoriza-tion from the employee to contact the em-ployee’s health care provider. For purposes of these regulations, authentication means providing the health care provider with a copy of the certification and requesting verification that the information contained on the certification form was completed and/ or authorized by the health care provider who signed the document; no additional med-ical information may be requested. Clarification means contacting the health care provider to understand the handwriting on the medical certification or to understand the meaning of a response. Employing offices may not ask health care providers for addi-tional information beyond that required by the certification form. The requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Ac-countability Act (HIPAA) Privacy Rule, ( see 45 CFR parts 160 and 164), which governs the privacy of individually-identifiable health information created or held by HIPAA-cov-ered entities, must be satisfied when individ-ually-identifiable health information of an employee is shared with an employing office by a HIPAA-covered health care provider. If an employee chooses not to provide the em-ploying office with authorization allowing the employing office to clarify the certifi-cation with the health care provider, and does not otherwise clarify the certification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave if the certification is unclear. See 825.305(d). It is the employee’s responsi-bility to provide the employing office with a complete and sufficient certification and to clarify the certification if necessary. (b) Second Opinion. (1) An employing office that has reason to doubt the validity of a medical certification may require the em-ployee to obtain a second opinion at the em-ploying office’s expense. Pending receipt of the second (or third) medical opinion, the employee is provisionally entitled to the benefits of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, including maintenance of group health benefits. If the certifications do not ultimately establish the employee’s entitle-ment to FMLA leave, the leave shall not be designated as FMLA leave and may be treat-ed as paid or unpaid leave under the employ-ing office’s established leave policies. In ad-dition, the consequences set forth in 825.305(d) will apply if the employee or the employee’s family member fails to authorize his or her health care provider to release all relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if re-quested by the health care provider des-ignated to provide a second opinion in order to render a sufficient and complete second opinion. (2) The employing office is permitted to designate the health care provider to furnish the second opinion, but the selected health care provider may not be employed on a reg-ular basis by the employing office. The em-ploying office may not regularly contract with or otherwise regularly utilize the serv-ices of the health care provider furnishing the second opinion unless the employing of-fice is located in an area where access to health care is extremely limited ( e.g., a rural area where no more than one or two doctors practice in the relevant specialty in the vi-cinity). (c) Third opinion. If the opinions of the em-ployee’s and the employing office’s des-ignated health care providers differ, the em-ploying office may require the employee to obtain certification from a third health care provider, again at the employing office’s ex-pense. This third opinion shall be final and binding. The third health care provider must be designated or approved jointly by the em-ploying office and the employee. The em-ploying office and the employee must each act in good faith to attempt to reach agree-ment on whom to select for the third opinion provider. If the employing office does not at-tempt in good faith to reach agreement, the employing office will be bound by the first certification. If the employee does not at-tempt in good faith to reach agreement, the employee will be bound by the second certifi-cation. For example, an employee who re-fuses to agree to see a doctor in the specialty in question may be failing to act in good faith. On the other hand, an employing office that refuses to agree to any doctor on a list of specialists in the appropriate field pro-vided by the employee and whom the em-ployee has not previously consulted may be failing to act in good faith. In addition, the consequences set forth in 825.305(d) will apply if the employee or the employee’s family member fails to authorize his or her health care provider to release all relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if requested by the health care provider designated to provide a third opinion in order to render a sufficient and complete third opinion. (d) Copies of opinions. The employing office is required to provide the employee with a copy of the second and third medical opin-ions, where applicable, upon request by the employee. Requested copies are to be pro-vided within five business days unless ex-tenuating circumstances prevent such ac-tion. (e) Travel expenses. If the employing office requires the employee to obtain either a sec-ond or third opinion the employing office must reimburse an employee or family mem-ber for any reasonable ‘‘out of pocket’’ travel expenses incurred to obtain the second and third medical opinions. The employing office may not require the employee or family member to travel outside normal commuting distance for purposes of obtaining the second or third medical opinions except in very un-usual circumstances. (f) Medical certification abroad. In cir- cumstances in which the employee or a fam-ily member is visiting in another country, or a family member resides in another country, and a serious health condition develops, the employing office shall accept a medical cer-tification as well as second and third opin-ions from a health care provider who prac-tices in that country. Where a certification by a foreign health care provider is in a lan-guage other than English, the employee must provide the employing office with a written translation of the certification upon request. 825.308 Recertifications for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. (a) 30-day rule. An employing office may re-quest recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless paragraphs (b) or (c) of this section apply. (b) More than 30 days. If the medical certifi-cation indicates that the minimum duration of the condition is more than 30 days, an em-ploying office must wait until that minimum duration expires before requesting a recer-tification, unless paragraph (c) of this sec-tion applies. For example, if the medical cer-tification states that an employee will be un-able to work, whether continuously or on an intermittent basis, for 40 days, the employ-ing office must wait 40 days before request-ing a recertification. In all cases, an employ-ing office may request a recertification of a medical condition every six months in con-nection with an absence by the employee. Accordingly, even if the medical certifi-cation indicates that the employee will need intermittent or reduced schedule leave for a period in excess of six months (e.g., for a life- time condition), the employing office would be permitted to request recertification every six months in connection with an absence. (c) Less than 30 days. An employing office may request recertification in less than 30 days if: (1) The employee requests an extension of leave; (2) Circumstances described by the pre-vious certification have changed signifi-cantly (e.g., the duration or frequency of the absence, the nature or severity of the illness, complications). For example, if a medical certification stated that an employee would need leave for one to two days when the em-ployee suffered a migraine headache and the employee’s absences for his or her last two migraines lasted four days each, then the in-creased duration of absence might constitute a significant change in circumstances allow-ing the employing office to request a recer-tification in less than 30 days. Likewise, if an employee had a pattern of using unsched-uled FMLA leave for migraines in conjunc-tion with his or her scheduled days off, then the timing of the absences also might con-stitute a significant change in circumstances sufficient for an employing office to request a recertification more frequently than every 30 days; or (3) The employing office receives informa-tion that casts doubt upon the employee’s stated reason for the absence or the con-tinuing validity of the certification. For ex-ample, if an employee is on FMLA leave for four weeks due to the employee’s knee sur-gery, including recuperation, and the em-ployee plays in company softball league games during the employee’s third week of FMLA leave, such information might be suf-ficient to cast doubt upon the continuing va-lidity of the certification allowing the em-ploying office to request a recertification in less than 30 days. (d) Timing. The employee must provide the requested recertification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4164 June 22, 2016 
least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. (e) Content. The employing office may ask for the same information when obtaining re-certification as that permitted for the origi-nal certification as set forth in 825.306. The employee has the same obligations to par-ticipate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certification or ade-quate authorization to the health care pro-vider) in the recertification process as in the initial certification process. See 825.305(d). As part of the information allowed to be ob-tained on recertification for leave taken be-cause of a serious health condition, the em-ploying office may provide the health care provider with a record of the employee’s ab-sence pattern and ask the health care pro-vider if the serious health condition and need for leave is consistent with such a pattern. (f) Any recertification requested by the employing office shall be at the employee’s expense unless the employing office provides otherwise. No second or third opinion on re-certification may be required. 825.309 Certification for leave taken because of a qualifying exigency. (a) Active Duty Orders. The first time an employee requests leave because of a quali-fying exigency arising out of the covered ac-tive duty or call to covered active duty sta-tus (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active duty) of a military member (see 825.126(a)), an employing office may require the employee to provide a copy of the military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the mili-tary which indicates that the military mem-ber is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and the dates of the military member’s covered active duty serv-ice. This information need only be provided to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military may be required by the employing office if the need for leave be-cause of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active duty) of the same or a different military member; (b) Required information. An employing of-fice may require that leave for any quali-fying exigency specified in 825.126 be sup-ported by a certification from the employee that sets forth the following information: (1) A statement or description, signed by the employee, of appropriate facts regarding the qualifying exigency for which FMLA leave is requested. The facts must be suffi-cient to support the need for leave. Such facts should include information on the type of qualifying exigency for which leave is re-quested and any available written docu-mentation which supports the request for leave; such documentation, for example, may include a copy of a meeting announcement for informational briefings sponsored by the military, a document confirming an appoint-ment with a counselor or school official, or a copy of a bill for services for the handling of legal or financial affairs; (2) The approximate date on which the qualifying exigency commenced or will com-mence; (3) If an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency for a single, contin-uous period of time, the beginning and end dates for such absence; (4) If an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis, an estimate of the frequency and duration of the qualifying exi-gency; (5) If the qualifying exigency involves meeting with a third party, appropriate con-tact information for the individual or entity with whom the employee is meeting (such as the name, title, organization, address, tele-phone number, fax number, and email ad-dress) and a brief description of the purpose of the meeting; and (6) If the qualifying exigency involves Rest and Recuperation leave, a copy of the mili-tary member’s Rest and Recuperation or-ders, or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuper-ation leave, and the dates of the military member’s Rest and Recuperation leave. (c) The Office of Compliance has developed an optional form (Form E) for employees’ use in obtaining a certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. This op-tional form reflects certification require-ments so as to permit the employee to fur-nish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave because of a quali-fying exigency. Form E, or Form WH–384 (de-veloped by the Department of Labor), or an-other form containing the same basic infor-mation, may be used by the employing of-fice; however, no information may be re-quired beyond that specified in this section. (d) Verification. If an employee submits a complete and sufficient certification to sup-port his or her request for leave because of a qualifying exigency, the employing office may not request additional information from the employee. However, if the qualifying exi-gency involves meeting with a third party, the employing office may contact the indi-vidual or entity with whom the employee is meeting for purposes of verifying a meeting or appointment schedule and the nature of the meeting between the employee and the specified individual or entity. The employ-ee’s permission is not required in order to verify meetings or appointments with third parties, but no additional information may be requested by the employing office. An em-ploying office also may contact an appro-priate unit of the Department of Defense to request verification that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty); no additional information may be re-quested and the employee’s permission is not required. 825.310 Certification for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). (a) Required information from health care provider. When leave is taken to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a certification com-pleted by an authorized health care provider of the covered servicemember. For purposes of leave taken to care for a covered service-member, any one of the following health care providers may complete such a certification: (1) A United States Department of Defense (‘‘DOD’’) health care provider; (2) A United States Department of Vet-erans Affairs (‘‘VA’’) health care provider; (3) A DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; (4) A DOD non-network TRICARE author-ized private health care provider; or (5) Any health care provider as defined in 825.125. (b) If the authorized health care provider is unable to make certain military-related de-terminations outlined below, the authorized health care provider may rely on determina-tions from an authorized DOD representative (such as a DOD recovery care coordinator) or an authorized VA representative. An employ-ing office may request that the health care provider provide the following information: (1) The name, address, and appropriate con-tact information (telephone number, fax number, and/or email address) of the health care provider, the type of medical practice, the medical specialty, and whether the health care provider is one of the following: (i) A DOD health care provider; (ii) A VA health care provider; (iii) A DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; (iv) A DOD non-network TRICARE author-ized private health care provider; or (v) A health care provider as defined in 825.125. (2) Whether the covered servicemember’s injury or illness was incurred in the line of duty on active duty or, if not, whether the covered servicemember’s injury or illness ex-isted before the beginning of the servicemember’s active duty and was aggra-vated by service in the line of duty on active duty; (3) The approximate date on which the se-rious injury or illness commenced, or was ag-gravated, and its probable duration; (4) A statement or description of appro-priate medical facts regarding the covered servicemember’s health condition for which FMLA leave is requested. The medical facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. (i) In the case of a current member of the Armed Forces, such medical facts must in-clude information on whether the injury or illness may render the covered servicemem-ber medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating and whether the member is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy; (ii) In the case of a covered veteran, such medical facts must include: (A) Information on whether the veteran is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is the continuation of an injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered vet-eran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating; or (B) Information on whether the veteran is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Service-Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and that such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or (C) Information on whether the veteran is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition that substan-tially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or dis-abilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or (D) Documentation of enrollment in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Care-givers. (5) Information sufficient to establish that the covered servicemember is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and whether the cov-ered servicemember will need care for a sin-gle continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and recovery, and an es-timate as to the beginning and ending dates for this period of time; (6) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment appointments for the covered servicemember, whether there is a medical necessity for the covered service-member to have such periodic care and an es-timate of the treatment schedule of such ap-pointments; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4165 June 22, 2016 
(7) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis to care for a covered servicemember other than for planned medical treatment (e.g., episodic flare-ups of a medical condition), whether there is a medical necessity for the covered servicemember to have such periodic care, which can include assisting in the covered servicemember’s recovery, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the periodic care. (c) Required information from employee and/ or covered servicemember. In addition to the information that may be requested under 825.310(b), an employing office may also re-quest that such certification set forth the following information provided by an em-ployee and/or covered servicemember: (1) The name and address of the employing office of the employee requesting leave to care for a covered servicemember, the name of the employee requesting such leave, and the name of the covered servicemember for whom the employee is requesting leave to care; (2) The relationship of the employee to the covered servicemember for whom the em-ployee is requesting leave to care; (3) Whether the covered servicemember is a current member of the Armed Forces, the National Guard or Reserves, and the covered servicemember’s military branch, rank, and current unit assignment; (4) Whether the covered servicemember is assigned to a military medical facility as an outpatient or to a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving med-ical care as outpatients (such as a medical hold or warrior transition unit), and the name of the medical treatment facility or unit; (5) Whether the covered servicemember is on the temporary disability retired list; (6) Whether the covered servicemember is a veteran, the date of separation from military service, and whether the separation was other than dishonorable. The employing of-fice may require the employee to provide documentation issued by the military which indicates that the covered servicemember is a veteran, the date of separation, and that the separation is other than dishonorable. Where an employing office requires such doc-umentation, an employee may provide a copy of the veteran’s Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty issued by the U.S. Department of Defense (DD Form 214) or other proof of veteran status. See 825.127(c)(2). (7) A description of the care to be provided to the covered servicemember and an esti-mate of the leave needed to provide the care. (d) The Office of Compliance has developed an optional form (Form F) for employees’ use in obtaining certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. ( See Form F). This optional form reflects certifi-cation requirements so as to permit the em-ployee to furnish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Form F, or Form WH–385 (developed by the Department of Labor), or another form containing the same basic in-formation, may be used by the employing of-fice; however, no information may be re-quired beyond that specified in this section. In all instances the information on the cer-tification must relate only to the serious in-jury or illness for which the current need for leave exists. An employing office may seek authentication and/or clarification of the certification under 825.307. Second and third opinions under 825.307 are not permitted for leave to care for a covered servicemember when the certification has been completed by one of the types of healthcare providers identified in section 825.310(a)(1–4). However, second and third opinions under 825.307 are permitted when the certification has been completed by a health care provider as de-fined in 825.125 that is not one of the types identified in 825.310(a)(1)–(4). Additionally, recertifications under 825.308 are not per-mitted for leave to care for a covered serv-icemember. An employing office may require an employee to provide confirmation of cov-ered family relationship to the seriously in-jured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) of the FMLA. (e) An employing office requiring an em-ployee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must ac-cept as sufficient certification, in lieu of the Office of Compliance’s optional certification form (Form F) or an employing office’s own certification form, invitational travel orders (ITOs) or invitational travel authorizations (ITAs) issued to any family member to join an injured or ill servicemember at his or her bedside. An ITO or ITA is sufficient certifi-cation for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA. During that time period, an eligible employee may take leave to care for the covered servicemember in a continuous block of time or on an intermittent basis. An eligible employee who provides an ITO or ITA to support his or her request for leave may not be required to provide any addi-tional or separate certification that leave taken on an intermittent basis during the period of time specified in the ITO or ITA is medically necessary. An ITO or ITA is suffi-cient certification for an employee entitled to take FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember regardless of whether the em-ployee is named in the order or authoriza-tion. (1) If an employee will need leave to care for a covered servicemember beyond the ex-piration date specified in an ITO or ITA, an employing office may request that the em-ployee have one of the authorized health care providers listed under 825.310(a) com-plete the Office of Compliance optional cer-tification form (Form F) or an employing of-fice’s own form, as requisite certification for the remainder of the employee’s necessary leave period. (2) An employing office may seek authen-tication and clarification of the ITO or ITA under 825.307. An employing office may not utilize the second or third opinion process outlined in 825.307 or the recertification process under 825.308 during the period of time in which leave is supported by an ITO or ITA. (3) An employing office may require an em-ployee to provide confirmation of covered family relationship to the seriously injured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) when an employee supports his or her re-quest for FMLA leave with a copy of an ITO or ITA. (f) An employing office requiring an em-ployee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must ac-cept as sufficient certification of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness documentation indicating the servicemember’s enrollment in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Program of Com-prehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. Such documentation is sufficient certifi-cation of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness to support the employee’s request for military caregiver leave regardless of whether the employee is the named care-giver in the enrollment documentation. (1) An employing office may seek authen-tication and clarification of the documenta-tion indicating the servicemember’s enroll-ment in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers under 825.307. An employ-ing office may not utilize the second or third opinion process outlined in 825.307 or the re-certification process under 825.308 when the servicemember’s serious injury or illness is shown by documentation of enrollment in this program. (2) An employing office may require an em-ployee to provide confirmation of covered family relationship to the seriously injured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) when an employee supports his or her re-quest for FMLA leave with a copy of such en-rollment documentation. An employing of-fice may also require an employee to provide documentation, such as a veteran’s Form DD–214, showing that the discharge was other than dishonorable and the date of the veteran’s discharge. (g) Where medical certification is re-quested by an employing office, an employee may not be held liable for administrative delays in the issuance of military docu-ments, despite the employee’s diligent, good- faith efforts to obtain such documents. See 825.305(b). In all instances in which certifi-cation is requested, it is the employee’s re-sponsibility to provide the employing office with complete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. See 825.305(d). 825.311 Intent to return to work. (a) An employing office may require an employee on FMLA leave to report periodi-cally on the employee’s status and intent to return to work. The employing office’s pol-icy regarding such reports may not be dis-criminatory and must take into account all of the relevant facts and circumstances re-lated to the individual employee’s leave situ-ation. (b) If an employee gives unequivocal notice of intent not to return to work, the employ-ing office’s obligations under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health benefits (subject to COBRA require-ments) and to restore the employee cease. However, these obligations continue if an employee indicates he or she may be unable to return to work but expresses a continuing desire to do so. (c) It may be necessary for an employee to take more leave than originally anticipated. Conversely, an employee may discover after beginning leave that the circumstances have changed and the amount of leave originally anticipated is no longer necessary. An em-ployee may not be required to take more FMLA leave than necessary to resolve the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. In both of these situations, the em-ploying office may require that the employee provide the employing office reasonable no-tice (i.e., within two business days) of the changed circumstances where foreseeable. The employing office may also obtain infor-mation on such changed circumstances through requested status reports. 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. (a) As a condition of restoring an employee whose FMLA leave was occasioned by the employee’s own serious health condition that made the employee unable to perform the employee’s job, an employing office may have a uniformly-applied policy or practice that requires all similarly-situated employ-ees (i.e., same occupation, same serious health condition) who take leave for such conditions to obtain and present certifi-cation from the employee’s health care pro-vider that the employee is able to resume work. The employee has the same obliga-tions to participate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certifi-cation or providing sufficient authorization to the health care provider to provide the in-formation directly to the employing office) in the fitness-for-duty certification process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4166 June 22, 2016 
as in the initial certification process. See 825.305(d). (b) An employing office may seek a fitness- for-duty certification only with regard to the particular health condition that caused the employee’s need for FMLA leave. The certifi-cation from the employee’s health care pro-vider must certify that the employee is able to resume work. Additionally, an employing office may require that the certification spe-cifically address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the em-ployee’s job. In order to require such a cer-tification, an employing office must provide an employee with a list of the essential func-tions of the employee’s job no later than with the designation notice required by 825.300(d), and must indicate in the designa-tion notice that the certification must ad-dress the employee’s ability to perform those essential functions. If the employing office satisfies these requirements, the employee’s health care provider must certify that the employee can perform the identified essen-tial functions of his or her job. Following the procedures set forth in 825.307(a), the em-ploying office may contact the employee’s health care provider for purposes of clari-fying and authenticating the fitness-for-duty certification. Clarification may be requested only for the serious health condition for which FMLA leave was taken. The employ-ing office may not delay the employee’s re-turn to work while contact with the health care provider is being made. No second or third opinions on a fitness-for-duty certifi-cation may be required. (c) The cost of the certification shall be borne by the employee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. (d) The designation notice required in 825.300(d) shall advise the employee if the employing office will require a fitness-for- duty certification to return to work and whether that fitness-for-duty certification must address the employee’s ability to per-form the essential functions of the employ-ee’s job. (e) An employing office may delay restora-tion to employment until an employee sub-mits a required fitness-for-duty certification unless the employing office has failed to pro-vide the notice required in paragraph (d) of this section. If an employing office provides the notice required, an employee who does not provide a fitness-for-duty certification or request additional FMLA leave is no longer entitled to reinstatement under the FMLA. See 825.313(d). (f) An employing office is not entitled to a certification of fitness to return to duty for each absence taken on an intermittent or re-duced leave schedule. However, an employing office is entitled to a certification of fitness to return to duty for such absences up to once every 30 days if reasonable safety con-cerns exist regarding the employee’s ability to perform his or her duties, based on the se-rious health condition for which the em-ployee took such leave. If an employing of-fice chooses to require a fitness-for-duty cer-tification under such circumstances, the em-ploying office shall inform the employee at the same time it issues the designation no-tice that for each subsequent instance of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the employee will be required to submit a fit-ness-for-duty certification unless one has al-ready been submitted within the past 30 days. Alternatively, an employing office can set a different interval for requiring a fit-ness-for-duty certification as long as it does not exceed once every 30 days and as long as the employing office advises the employee of the requirement in advance of the employee taking the intermittent or reduced schedule leave. The employing office may not termi-nate the employment of the employee while awaiting such a certification of fitness to re-turn to duty for an intermittent or reduced schedule leave absence. Reasonable safety concerns means a reasonable belief of signifi-cant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. (g) If the terms of a collective bargaining agreement govern an employee’s return to work, those provisions shall be applied. (h) Requirements under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA, apply. After an employee returns from FMLA leave, the ADA requires any medical examination at an employing office’s expense by the employing office’s health care provider be job-related and consistent with business necessity. For example, an attorney could not be required to submit to a medical examination or in-quiry just because her leg had been ampu-tated. The essential functions of an attor-ney’s job do not require use of both legs; therefore such an inquiry would not be job related. An employing office may require a warehouse laborer, whose back impairment affects the ability to lift, to be examined by an orthopedist, but may not require this em-ployee to submit to an HIV test where the test is not related to either the essential functions of his or her job or to his/her im-pairment. If an employee’s serious health condition may also be a disability within the meaning of the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the proce-dures for requesting medical information under the ADA. 825.313 Failure to provide certification. (a) Foreseeable leave. In the case of foresee-able leave, if an employee fails to provide certification in a timely manner as required by 825.305, then an employing office may deny FMLA coverage until the required cer-tification is provided. For example, if an em-ployee has 15 days to provide a certification and does not provide the certification for 45 days without sufficient reason for the delay, the employing office can deny FMLA protec-tions for the 30-day period following the ex-piration of the 15-day time period, if the em-ployee takes leave during such period. (b) Unforeseeable leave. In the case of un-foreseeable leave, an employing office may deny FMLA coverage for the requested leave if the employee fails to provide a certifi-cation within 15 calendar days from receipt of the request for certification unless not practicable due to extenuating cir-cumstances. For example, in the case of a medical emergency, it may not be prac-ticable for an employee to provide the re-quired certification within 15 calendar days. Absent such extenuating circumstances, if the employee fails to timely return the cer-tification, the employing office can deny FMLA protections for the leave following the expiration of the 15-day time period until a sufficient certification is provided. If the employee never produces the certification, the leave is not FMLA leave. (c) Recertification. An employee must pro-vide recertification within the time re-quested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the re-quest) or as soon as practicable under the particular facts and circumstances. If an em-ployee fails to provide a recertification with-in a reasonable time under the particular facts and circumstances, then the employing office may deny continuation of the FMLA leave protections until the employee pro-duces a sufficient recertification. If the em-ployee never produces the recertification, the leave is not FMLA leave. Recertification does not apply to leave taken for a quali-fying exigency or to care for a covered serv-icemember. (d) Fitness-for-duty certification. When re- quested by the employing office pursuant to a uniformly applied policy for similarly-situ-ated employees, the employee must provide medical certification, at the time the em-ployee seeks reinstatement at the end of FMLA leave taken for the employee’s serious health condition, that the employee is fit for duty and able to return to work ( see 825.312(a)) if the employing office has pro-vided the required notice (see 825.300(e)); the employing office may delay restoration until the certification is provided. Unless the em-ployee provides either a fitness-for-duty cer-tification or a new medical certification for a serious health condition at the time FMLA leave is concluded, the employee may be ter-minated. See also 825.213(a)(3). SUBPART D—ADMINISTRATIVE PROCESS 825.400 Administrative Process, general rules. (a) To commence a proceeding, a covered employee alleging a violation of the rights and protections of the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA, must request counseling by the Office of Compliance not later than 180 days after the date of the alleged viola-tion. If a covered employee misses this dead-line, the covered employee will be unable to obtain a remedy under the CAA. (b) The following procedures are available under title IV of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1401) for covered employees who believe that their rights under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, have been violated: (1) counseling; (2) mediation; and (3) election of either— (A) a formal complaint, filed with the Of-fice of Compliance, and a hearing before a hearing officer, subject to review by the Board of Directors of the Office of Compli-ance, and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit; or (B) a civil action in a district court of the United States. (c) If an employer has violated one or more provisions of FMLA, and if justified by the facts of a particular case, an employee may receive one or more of the following: wages, employment benefits, or other compensation denied or lost to such employee by reason of the violation; or, where no such tangible loss has occurred, such as when FMLA leave was unlawfully denied, any actual monetary loss sustained by the employee as a direct result of the violation, such as the cost of providing care, up to a sum equal to 26 weeks of wages for the employee in a case involving leave to care for a covered servicemember or 12 weeks of wages for the employee in a case involving leave for any other FMLA qualifying reason. In addition, the employee may be entitled to interest on such sum, calculated at the pre-vailing rate. An amount equaling the pre-ceding sums may also be awarded as liq-uidated damages unless such amount is re-duced by the court because the violation was in good faith and the employer had reason-able grounds for believing the employer had not violated the Act. When appropriate, the employee may also obtain appropriate equi-table relief, such as employment, reinstate-ment and promotion. When the employer is found in violation, the employee may re-cover a reasonable attorney’s fee, reasonable expert witness fees, and other costs of the action from the employer in addition to any judgment awarded by the court. (d) Regulations of the Office of Compliance describing and governing these procedures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4167 June 22, 2016 
are found at 150 Cong. Rec. H4166–02 (2004), 150 Cong. Rec. S6870–02 (2004), and may be found on the Office’s website. 825.401 [Reserved] 825.402 [Reserved] 825.403 [Reserved] 825.404 [Reserved] 
SUBPART E—[RESERVED] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, definitions. (a) Certain special rules apply to employ-ees of local educational agencies, including public school boards and elementary schools under their jurisdiction, and private elemen-tary and secondary schools. The special rules do not apply to other kinds of educational institutions, such as colleges and univer-sities, trade schools, and preschools. (b) Educational institutions are covered by FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA (and these special rules). The usual requirements for employees to be eligible do apply. (c) The special rules affect the taking of intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule, or leave near the end of an academic term (semester), by instructional employees. Instructional employees are those whose principal function is to teach and in-struct students in a class, a small group, or an individual setting. This term includes not only teachers, but also athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education as-sistants such as signers for the hearing im-paired. It does not include, and the special rules do not apply to, teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal job actual teaching or instructing, nor does it include auxiliary personnel such as coun-selors, psychologists, or curriculum special-ists. It also does not include cafeteria work-ers, maintenance workers, or bus drivers. (d) Special rules which apply to restoration to an equivalent position apply to all em-ployees of local educational agencies. 825.601 Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave. (a) Leave taken for a period that ends with the school year and begins the next semester is leave taken consecutively rather than intermittently. The period during the sum-mer vacation when the employee would not have been required to report for duty is not counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. An instructional employee who is on FMLA leave at the end of the school year must be provided with any benefits over the summer vacation that employees would normally receive if they had been working at the end of the school year. (1) If an eligible instructional employee needs intermittent leave or leave on a re-duced leave schedule to care for a family member with a serious health condition, to care for a covered servicemember, or for the employee’s own serious health condition, which is foreseeable based on planned med-ical treatment, and the employee would be on leave for more than 20 percent of the total number of working days over the period the leave would extend, the employing office may require the employee to choose either to: (i) Take leave for a period or periods of a particular duration, not greater than the du-ration of the planned treatment; or (ii) Transfer temporarily to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified, which has equivalent pay and benefits and which better accommodates re-curring periods of leave than does the em-ployee’s regular position. (2) These rules apply only to a leave in-volving more than 20 percent of the working days during the period over which the leave extends. For example, if an instructional em-ployee who normally works five days each week needs to take two days of FMLA leave per week over a period of several weeks, the special rules would apply. Employees taking leave which constitutes 20 percent or less of the working days during the leave period would not be subject to transfer to an alter-native position. Periods of a particular dura-tion means a block, or blocks, of time begin-ning no earlier than the first day for which leave is needed and ending no later than the last day on which leave is needed, and may include one uninterrupted period of leave. (b) If an instructional employee does not give required notice of foreseeable FMLA leave (see 825.302) to be taken intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule, the employ-ing office may require the employee to take leave of a particular duration, or to transfer temporarily to an alternative position. Al-ternatively, the employing office may re-quire the employee to delay the taking of leave until the notice provision is met. 825.602 Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. (a) There are also different rules for in-structional employees who begin leave more than five weeks before the end of a term, less than five weeks before the end of a term, and less than three weeks before the end of a term. Regular rules apply except in cir-cumstances when: (1) An instructional employee begins leave more than five weeks before the end of a term. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— (i) The leave will last at least three weeks, and (ii) The employee would return to work during the three-week period before the end of the term. (2) The employee begins leave during the five-week period before the end of a term be-cause of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered service-member. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— (i) The leave will last more than two weeks, and (ii) The employee would return to work during the two-week period before the end of the term. (3) The employee begins leave during the three-week period before the end of a term because of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered service-member. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than five working days. (b) For purposes of these provisions, aca- demic term means the school semester, which typically ends near the end of the calendar year and the end of spring each school year. In no case may a school have more than two academic terms or semesters each year for purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An example of leave falling within these provisions would be where an employee plans two weeks of leave to care for a family member which will begin three weeks before the end of the term. In that situation, the employing office could require the employee to stay out on leave until the end of the term. 825.603 Special rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave. (a) If an employee chooses to take leave for periods of a particular duration in the case of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the entire period of leave taken will count as FMLA leave. (b) In the case of an employee who is re-quired to take leave until the end of an aca-demic term, only the period of leave until the employee is ready and able to return to work shall be charged against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. The employing of-fice has the option not to require the em-ployee to stay on leave until the end of the school term. Therefore, any additional leave required by the employing office to the end of the school term is not counted as FMLA leave; however, the employing office shall be required to maintain the employee’s group health insurance and restore the employee to the same or equivalent job including other benefits at the conclusion of the leave. 825.604 Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. The determination of how an employee is to be restored to an equivalent position upon return from FMLA leave will be made on the basis of ‘‘established school board policies and practices, private school policies and practices, and collective bargaining agree-ments.’’ The ‘‘established policies’’ and col-lective bargaining agreements used as a basis for restoration must be in writing, must be made known to the employee prior to the taking of FMLA leave, and must clearly explain the employee’s restoration rights upon return from leave. Any estab-lished policy which is used as the basis for restoration of an employee to an equivalent position must provide substantially the same protections as provided in the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, for reinstated employees. See 825.215. In other words, the policy or collective bargaining agreement must provide for restoration to an equiva-lent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. For example, an employee may not be restored to a position requiring additional licensure or certification. SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE-MENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA. 825.700 Interaction with employing office’s policies. (a) An employing office must observe any employment benefit program or plan that provides greater family or medical leave rights to employees than the rights estab-lished by the FMLA. Conversely, the rights established by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, may not be diminished by any employment benefit program or plan. For ex-ample, a provision of a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) which provides for rein-statement to a position that is not equiva-lent because of seniority (e.g., provides lesser pay) is superseded by FMLA. If an employing office provides greater unpaid family leave rights than are afforded by FMLA, the em-ploying office is not required to extend addi-tional rights afforded by FMLA, such as maintenance of health benefits (other than through COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applicable), to the additional leave period not covered by FMLA. (b) Nothing in the FMLA, as made applica-ble by the CAA, prevents an employing office from amending existing leave and employee benefit programs, provided they comply with FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. How-ever, nothing in the FMLA, as made applica-ble by the CAA, is intended to discourage employing offices from adopting or retaining more generous leave policies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4168 June 22, 2016 
825.701 [Reserved] 825.702 Interaction with anti-discrimination laws, as applied by section 201 of the CAA. (a) Nothing in the FMLA modifies or af-fects any applicable law prohibiting dis-crimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability (e.g., Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Discrimina-tion Act and as made applicable by the CAA). FMLA’s legislative history explains that FMLA is ‘‘not intended to modify or af-fect the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, the regulations concerning em-ployment which have been promulgated pur-suant to that statute, or the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 [as amended] or the regulations issued under that act. Thus, the leave provisions of the [FMLA] are wholly distinct from the reasonable accommodation obligations of employers covered under the [ADA] . . . or the Federal government itself. The purpose of the FMLA, as applied by the CAA, is to make leave available to eligible employees and [employing offices] within its coverage, and not to limit already existing rights and protection.’’ S. Rep. No. 3, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 38 (1993). An employing office must therefore provide leave under which-ever statutory provision provides the greater rights to employees. When an employer vio-lates both FMLA and a discrimination law, an employee may be able to recover under ei-ther or both statutes (double relief may not be awarded for the same loss; when remedies coincide a claimant may be allowed to uti-lize whichever avenue of relief is desired. Laffey v. Northwest Airlines, Inc., 567 F.2d 429, 445 (D.C. Cir. 1976), cert. denied, 434 U.S. 1086 (1978). (b) If an employee is a qualified individual with a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as made applicable by the CAA, the employing office must make reasonable accommoda-tions, etc., barring undue hardship, in accord-ance with the ADA. At the same time, the employing office must afford an employee his or her FMLA rights, as made applicable by the CAA. ADA’s ‘‘disability’’ and FMLA’s ‘‘serious health condition’’ are different con-cepts, and must be analyzed separately. FMLA entitles eligible employees to 12 weeks of leave in any 12-month period due to their own serious health condition, whereas the ADA allows an indeterminate amount of leave, barring undue hardship, as a reason-able accommodation. FMLA requires em-ploying offices to maintain employees’ group health plan coverage during FMLA leave on the same conditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been con-tinuously employed during the leave period, whereas ADA does not require maintenance of health insurance unless other employees receive health insurance during leave under the same circumstances. (c) (1) A reasonable accommodation under the ADA might be accomplished by providing an individual with a disability with a part- time job with no health benefits, assuming the employing office did not ordinarily pro-vide health insurance for part-time employ-ees. However, FMLA would permit an em-ployee to work a reduced leave schedule until the equivalent of 12 workweeks of leave were used, with group health benefits main-tained during this period. FMLA permits an employing office to temporarily transfer an employee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule to an alter-native position, whereas the ADA allows an accommodation of reassignment to an equiv-alent, vacant position only if the employee cannot perform the essential functions of the employee’s present position and an accom-modation is not possible in the employee’s present position, or an accommodation in the employee’s present position would cause an undue hardship. The examples in the fol-lowing paragraphs of this section dem-onstrate how the two laws would interact with respect to a qualified individual with a disability. (2) A qualified individual with a disability who is also an eligible employee entitled to FMLA leave requests 10 weeks of medical leave as a reasonable accommodation, which the employing office grants because it is not an undue hardship. The employing office ad-vises the employee that the 10 weeks of leave is also being designated as FMLA leave and will count towards the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. This designation does not prevent the parties from also treating the leave as a reasonable accommodation and re-instating the employee into the same job, as required by the ADA, rather than an equiva-lent position under FMLA, if that is the greater right available to the employee. At the same time, the employee would be enti-tled under FMLA to have the employing of-fice maintain group health plan coverage during the leave, as that requirement pro-vides the greater right to the employee. (3) If the same employee needed to work part-time (a reduced leave schedule) after re-turning to his or her same job, the employee would still be entitled under FMLA to have group health plan coverage maintained for the remainder of the two-week equivalent of FMLA leave entitlement, notwithstanding an employing office policy that part-time employees do not receive health insurance. This employee would be entitled under the ADA to reasonable accommodations to en-able the employee to perform the essential functions of the part-time position. In addi-tion, because the employee is working a part-time schedule as a reasonable accom-modation, the FMLA’s provision for tem-porary assignment to a different alternative position would not apply. Once the employee has exhausted his or her remaining FMLA leave entitlement while working the reduced (part-time) schedule, if the employee is a qualified individual with a disability, and if the employee is unable to return to the same full-time position at that time, the employee might continue to work part-time as a rea-sonable accommodation, barring undue hard-ship; the employee would then be entitled to only those employment benefits ordinarily provided by the employing office to part- time employees. (4) At the end of the FMLA leave entitle-ment, an employing office is required under FMLA to reinstate the employee in the same or an equivalent position, with equivalent pay and benefits, to that which the employee held when leave commenced. The employing office’s FMLA obligations would be satisfied if the employing office offered the employee an equivalent full-time position. If the em-ployee were unable to perform the essential functions of that equivalent position even with reasonable accommodation, because of a disability, the ADA may require the em-ploying office to make a reasonable accom-modation at that time by allowing the em-ployee to work part-time or by reassigning the employee to a vacant position, barring undue hardship. (d) (1) If FMLA entitles an employee to leave, an employing office may not, in lieu of FMLA leave entitlement, require an em-ployee to take a job with a reasonable ac-commodation. However, ADA may require that an employing office offer an employee the opportunity to take such a position. An employing office may not change the essen-tial functions of the job in order to deny FMLA leave. See 825.220(b). (2) An employee may be on a workers’ com-pensation absence due to an on-the-job in-jury or illness which also qualifies as a seri-ous health condition under FMLA. The workers’ compensation absence and FMLA leave may run concurrently (subject to prop-er notice and designation by the employing office). At some point the health care pro-vider providing medical care pursuant to the workers’ compensation injury may certify the employee is able to return to work in a light duty position. If the employing office offers such a position, the employee is per-mitted but not required to accept the posi-tion. See 825.220(d). As a result, the employee may no longer qualify for payments from the workers’ compensation benefit plan, but the employee is entitled to continue on unpaid FMLA leave either until the employee is able to return to the same or equivalent job the employee left or until the 12-week FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted. See 825.207 (e). If the employee returning from the work-ers’ compensation injury is a qualified indi-vidual with a disability, he or she will have rights under the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA. (e) If an employing office requires certifi-cations of an employee’s fitness for duty to return to work, as permitted by FMLA under a uniform policy, it must comply with the ADA requirement that a fitness for duty physical be job-related and consistent with business necessity. (f) Under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Dis-crimination Act, and as made applicable by the CAA, an employing office should provide the same benefits for women who are preg-nant as the employing office provides to other employees with short-term disabil-ities. Because Title VII does not require em-ployees to be employed for a certain period of time to be protected, an employee em-ployed for less than 12 months by the em-ploying office (and, therefore, not an ‘‘eligi-ble’’ employee under FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA) may not be denied mater-nity leave if the employing office normally provides short-term disability benefits to employees with the same tenure who are ex-periencing other short-term disabilities. (g) Under the Uniformed Services Employ-ment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq., veterans are entitled to receive all rights and benefits of employment that they would have ob-tained if they had been continuously em-ployed. Therefore, under USERRA, a return-ing servicemember would be eligible for FMLA leave if the months and hours that he or she would have worked for the civilian employing office during the period of ab-sence due to or necessitated by USERRA- covered service, combined with the months employed and the hours actually worked, meet the FMLA eligibility threshold of 12 months of employment and the hours of service requirement. See 825.110(b)(2)(i) and (c)(2) and 825.802(c). (h) For further information on Federal antidiscrimination laws applied by section 201 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311), including Title VII, the Rehabilitation Act, and the ADA, in-dividuals are encouraged to contact the Of-fice of Compliance. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5752. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Use of Symbols in Labeling [Docket No.: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.043 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4169 June 22, 2016 
FDA-2013-N-0125] (RIN: 0910-AG74) received June 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5753. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s interim staff guidance — Fuel Retrievability in Spent Fuel Storage Applications [NRC- 2015-0241] received June 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5754. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Broad Creek, Laurel, DE [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1011] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5755. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Kennebec River, Richmond and Dres-den, ME [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0344] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5756. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones; Upper Mississippi River between mile 179.2 and 180.5, St. Louis, MO and between mile 839.5 and 840, St. Paul, MN [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0354] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5757. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Hope Chest Buffalo Niagara Dragon Boat Festival, Buffalo River, Buffalo, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0095] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5758. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Chesa-peake Bay, Cape Charles, VA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0319] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5759. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation for Marine Events; James River, Midlothian, VA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0355] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received June 21, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5760. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Recurring Marine Events Held in the Coast Guard Sector Northern New England Captain of the Port Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1052] (RIN: 1625-AA08; AA00) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5761. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Monongahela River mile 97.5 to mile 100.5, Morgantown, WV [Docket No.: USCG-2016- 0202] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5762. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper New York Bay, Liberty Island, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0318] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5763. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lations; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0324] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5764. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Renaming of Sector Baltimore as Sector Maryland-National Capital Region; Conforming Amendments [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0060] received June 21, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5765. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River mile 43.2 to mile 43.6, East Liverpool, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0389] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5766. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Raritan Bay, Perth Amboy, NJ [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0297] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5767. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; on water activities associated with the 2016 Macy’s 4th of July Fireworks, East River, Manhattan, NY [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0377] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5768. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River mile 25.2 to mile 25.6, Beaver, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0424] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5769. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s No-tice of enforcement of regulation — Safety Zone; Cincinnati Reds Season Fireworks [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0145] received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5770. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation for Marine Events; James River, Midlothian, VA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0355] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received June 21, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5771. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Indian Creek, Miami Beach, FL [Dock-et No.: USCG-2015-0940] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5772. A letter from the Legal Intern, U.S. Coast Guard, Office of Regulations, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations; Sector Ohio Valley Annual and Recurring Special Local Regulations Update [Docket No. USCG-2015-1039] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5773. A letter from the Legal Intern, U.S. Coast Guard, Office of Regulations, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; Cumberland River, Mile 190.5 to 194.0; Nashville, TN [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0322] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5774. A letter from the Regulations Officer, Senior Attorney Advisor, FHWA, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Heavy Vehicle Use Tax; Technical Correction [FHWA Docket No.: FHWA-2016-0004] (RIN: 2125-AF71) re-ceived June 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5775. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — National Highway-Rail Crossing Inventory Reporting Requirements [Docket No.: FRA-2011-0007, Notice No. 6] (RIN: 2130-AC55) received June 16, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5776. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update for Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2016-38] received June 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5777. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Phased Retirement for Non-Qualified Plans (Rev. Proc. 2016-36) received Jun 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5778. A letter from the Board Members, Federal Old-Age And Survivors Insurance And Federal Disability Insurance Trust 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22JN7.000 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4170 June 22, 2016 
Funds, transmitting the 2016 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old- Age and Survivors Insurance and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 910(a); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title VII, Sec. 709 (as added by Public Law 98-21, Sec. 143); (97 Stat. 102) (H. Doc. No. 114—145); to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed. 5779. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, CMS, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Medicare Program; Medi-care Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory Tests Payment System [CMS-1621-F] (RIN: 0938- AS33) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 5780. A letter from the Chair of the Board of Directors, Office of Compliance, transmit-ting notice of adoption of substantive regula-tions and transmittal for Congressional ap-proval, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 1384(b)(3); Public Law 104-1, Sec. 304; (109 Stat. 29); jointly to the Committees on House Administration and Education and the Workforce. 5781. A letter from the Boards of Trustees, Federal Hospital Insurance and Federal Sup-plementary Medical Insurance Trust Funds, transmitting the 2016 Annual Report of the Boards of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance and Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Funds (H. Doc. No. 114— 146); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce, and or-dered to be printed. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: Committee of Conference. Conference report on H.R. 2577. A bill making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–640). Ordered to be printed. [June 23, (legislative day of June 22) 2016] Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 796. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with re-spect to the judicial review of agency inter-pretations of statutory and regulatory provi-sions; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of mo-tions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–641). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. [June 23, (legislative day of June 22) 2016] Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 797. Resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2577) making appro-priations for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of mo-tions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–642). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee): H.R. 5555. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to improve end-of-life care and advanced illness manage-ment; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 5556. A bill to establish the Great Bend of the Gila National Monument in the State of Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. L
EE, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. T EDLIEU of Cali-fornia, Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M
EEKS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Miss R
ICEof New York, and Mr. R ANGEL ): H.R. 5557. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 and the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to prohibit an elec-tion official from requiring an individual to present a piece of identification that has an associated cost as a condition of voting or registering to vote in an election for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mr. H
INOJOSA ): H.R. 5558. A bill to extend the authoriza-tion of appropriations to the Department of Veterans Affairs for purposes of awarding grants to veterans service organizations for the transportation of highly rural veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself and Mr. C
LAY): H.R. 5559. A bill to amend section 1206 of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 to clarify the application of rules on the cal-culation of hospital length of stay to certain moratorium-excepted long-term care hos-pitals (LTCHs); to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mrs. L
OWEY ): H.R. 5560. A bill to restrict the use of steel- jaw leghold traps and Conibear traps on ani-mals in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia (for himself, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia, and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 5561. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5562. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Congres-sional appointment of members of the Med-icaid and CHIP Payment Advisory Commis-sion (MACPAC); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 5563. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for increased local funding of airport development projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5564. A bill to require that the Sec-retary of the Interior, acting through the National Park Service, create a program to help ensure that youth from urban areas have access to National Parks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5565. A bill to amend the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to pro-vide free admission to Federal recreational lands and waters for children 17 years of age and younger on their birthday, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5566. A bill to establish a process for the termination of certain programs of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5567. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require that all Federal Direct Stafford Loans, Federal Direct Unsub-sidized Stafford Loans, and Federal Direct PLUS Loans have the same rates of interest; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and Mr. HASTINGS ): H.R. 5568. A bill to authorize assistance for the Government of Tunisia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. STUTZMAN: H.R. 5569. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to repeal the authority of the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection to restrict arbitration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 5570. A bill to release a Wilderness Study Area administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Jackson County, Colo-rado that was not found suitable for wilder-ness designation, and to release residual Wil-derness Study Area acreage in Mesa and Delta Counties, Colorado that were excluded from their respective wilderness designa-tions from continued management for wil-derness characteristics; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): H.R. 5571. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide sexual assault sur-vivors with certain rights, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H. Con. Res. 139. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 2577; to the Committee on Appropria-tions, and in addition to the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22JN7.000 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4171 June 22, 2016 
House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
264. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 384, urging the President, the Congress of the United States and the EPA to expeditiously determine if a Federal drinking water stand-ard should be issued for perfluorooctane sulfonate and perfluorooctanoic acid that can be enforced in the same manner as lead and arsenic; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 5555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill modifies the Social Security Act, which Congress enacted pursuant to its pow-ers under the commerce clause of the U.S. Constitution, as well as its powers to tax and spend for the general welfare. Congress has the power under those provisions to enact this legislation as well. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 5556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Twenty Fourth Amendment, Section 1: The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other election for President or Vice President, for electors for President or Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any state by reason of failure to pay any poll tax or other tax. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 5560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 3, Clause 3—Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia: H.R. 5561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following. Article I, Section 8, Clause 5. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 5563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause 12. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 5568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. By Mr. STUTZMAN: H.R. 5569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 5570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4 Section 3 Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 5571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion, General Welfare Clause. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 224: Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 226: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 335: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 358: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 376: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 402: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 525: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 546: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 612: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 711: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 752: Mr. H
IGGINS . H.R. 842: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 887: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 916: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 918: Mr. G
OHMERT and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 921: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 969: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 1076: Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Ms. F
UDGE , and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 1117: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 1172: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1361: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 1362: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 1398: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 1439: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1538: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1594: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 1745: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1814: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1854: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 2059: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 2096: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 2180: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 2215: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2274: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2278: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 2311: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 2315: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 2350: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2380: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 2404: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 2411: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2434: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 2446: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 2641: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2646: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. K
USTER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 2741: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2867: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2963: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 2992: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. J
OLLY , and Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 3014: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 3051: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 3119: Mr. Y
ODER and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 3229: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3314: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 3323: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3423: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 3526: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3684: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3765: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3815: Ms. G
RAHAM and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 3830: Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 3870: Mr. N
UGENT and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 3882: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3892: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 3926: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 4007: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 4058: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4164: Mr. P
OSEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22JN7.100 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4172 June 22, 2016 
H.R. 4237: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4247: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H
ILL, and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 4269: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4277: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. P INGREE and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4352: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 4365: Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4381: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Ms. G RANGER . H.R. 4442: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 4460: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4499: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 4554: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4603: Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 4614: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 4625: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4626: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4632: Mr. A
MODEI and Mr. R USH. H.R. 4643: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4662: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. W HITFIELD . H.R. 4715: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4748: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4773: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. A MODEI , Ms. G
RANGER and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 4817: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. R
USH, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4828: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 4907: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4955: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5047: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5061: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 5082: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 5124: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 5133: Mr. C
LYBURN and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 5147: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5166: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. R
OSKAM , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 5167: Mr. K
INDand Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 5180: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5183: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K
EATING , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 5187: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5210: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 5292: Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B OST, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. J
OLLY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 5294: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 5313: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 5319: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5320: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5332: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 5386: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5392: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 5396: Mr. T
AKANO and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 5404: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 5410: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 5417: Ms. H
AHN. H.R. 5418: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5457: Mr. O
LSON , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 5488: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. R
ANGEL , and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 5489: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 5499: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5500: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 5513: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 5518: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5519: Mr. T
AKANO . H.J. Res. 95: Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mr. G OHMERT . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. R
YANof Ohio and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 124: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 28: Ms. D
EGETTE and Ms. E STY. H. Res. 32: Mr. L
EVIN. H. Res. 112: Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 494: Mr. H
UDSON . H. Res. 549: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. B ERA, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B
ECERRA , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. H IMES, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. C
LEAVER . H. Res. 590: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H. Res. 591: Mr. P
OMPEO and Mr. K ILDEE . H. Res. 694: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida and Mrs. C
APPS . H. Res. 728: Mr. M
OULTON . H. Res. 729: Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. R OGERS of Ken- tucky, Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 750: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H. Res. 780: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. P
ITTS, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. M OORE . H. Res. 795: Mr. L
OEBSACK . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative C
ONYERS (MI), or a designee, to H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restora-tion Act of 2016, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN7.030 H22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4431 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 2016 No. 100 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. We lift our hearts toward Your throne, O God, and bless Your Holy Name. You are great and worthy of our praise and thanksgiving. You have given us this great Nation as a herit-age, and we are depending on Your providence to sustain us. Prosper the labors of our lawmakers as they put their trust in You. In Your loving kindness, bring them a produc-tive harvest from the seeds they have planted and watered on good soil. Keep them from accepting the belief that it is not possible to get things done, as You remind them that all things are possible to those who believe. Though they walk in the midst of trouble, re-vive and refresh them. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
FIGHTING TERRORISM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we learned yesterday that our allies in Jordan were victims of a terrorist at-tack. The vehicle-borne IED killed Jor-danian soldiers and police officers. Al-though ISIL is not taking credit for the attack, the tactics were certainly similar to those frequently employed by ISIL. Last week, the terrorist that ISIL called a soldier of the caliphate took 49 lives as he proudly proclaimed his allegiance to that group. Days later, the CIA Director delivered a so-bering analysis of ISIL’s strength and capabilities. ‘‘[Our] efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorism capability and global reach,’’ he said. ‘‘[As] we have seen in Orlando, San Bernardino and else-where, ISIL is attempting to inspire at-tacks by sympathizers . . . [and it is] training and attempting to deploy operatives for further attacks.’’ These are the facts—facts that the Director of Central Intelligence did not deliver lightly. They are certainly worrying. They remind us that this vile, hate- filled terrorist group is going to keep bringing tragedies to our doorstep until it is defeated where it trains, op-erates, and prepares—places like Iraq and Syria. So we have a choice. We can focus on defeating ISIL or we can focus on partisan politics. Some of our colleagues may think this is all some game. We have seen the ridiculous tweets and the bizarre one- liners about guns and terrorists. I be-lieve this is a serious moment that calls for serious solutions. So I would ask every Senator to con-sider this statement from one of our Democratic colleagues just last week: ‘‘Why have this job, one of the most powerful jobs in the world,’’ he asked, ‘‘if we are not going to exercise it to try to protect Americans from harm?’’ This is the point I am making. He may have meant these words in a dif-ferent context, but the reality is this: We all know that the principal way to prevent more ISIL-inspired and ISIL- directed heartbreak is to actually de-feat ISIL. It is not an easy task. It doesn’t always make for snappy one- liners. Not only is it going to take time, but it is going to take all of our efforts. But that is why our constitu-ents sent us here. Here is what we need from President Obama: Lead a serious campaign to de-feat ISIL. Here is what we need from each other: Work towards serious solutions to fight terror beyond our borders and serious counterterror tools to prevent attacks within our borders. We will have opportunities to take positive steps forward as we resume consideration of the legislation before us. This bill will give the FBI and law enforcement more resources to track down and defuse terrorist threats. Funding is only one piece of the larger puzzle, however. The FBI and law en-forcement also need smart, targeted tools to help stop terrorist attacks be-fore they happen in the first place. We will have the opportunity to con-sider more good ideas this morning as part of the McCain amendment. One of these good ideas—ECTR reform—will allow law enforcement to connect the dots of terrorist communications in order to disrupt their plans. The inabil-ity to connect the dots has been one of the problems the FBI has had in identi-fying homegrown terrorists like the one in Orlando. The FBI Director calls this smart, targeted reform, ‘‘enor-mously helpful’’ and recently identified it as a top legislative priority. It will not allow for the collection of any con-tent, nor will it infringe on civil lib-erties or civil rights. What it will do is give law enforcement a critical helping hand in the midst of ISIL’s sophisti-cated Internet campaign to direct and inspire attacks right here in our com-munities. Given all we know about ISIL and its ability to radicalize people on the Internet, doesn’t that just make good sense? Here is another idea that makes sense: the McCain amendment’s lone- wolf provision. ISIL’s spokesman recently issued a call for lone-wolf attacks against the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.000 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4432 June 22, 2016 
West during Ramadan. Its followers heard the call last Sunday in Orlando, last Monday in France, and days later in Belgium—a near miss in what ap-pears to be an ISIL-directed attack planning. We need to better address this threat of lone-wolf terrorists. That means providing law enforcement with the tools and the certainty necessary to do so. That is what the lone-wolf provision will provide. It is an idea that has passed Congress before. Now we can enact it into law on an enduring basis as a part of the McCain amend-ment. Unfortunately, threats from lone-wolf attacks are not going away. The legal authority to help prevent them should not go away, either. Smart, targeted counterterrorism ideas like these were Republican prior-ities well before the terrorist attack in Orlando. They continue to be at the forefront of our efforts now. We also re-main focused on doing what we can to help this President and the next one take down ISIL. These kinds of ideas should be all of our priorities moving forward—for Re-publicans, for Democrats, and for the President of the United States. We can spend our time redacting and reacting, or we can acknowledge the threats before us and work to prevent more ISIL-fueled atrocities. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
ISIS Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a 1-page document prepared by our ranking member on the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs at the conclusion of my statement. Mr. President, my friend the Repub-lican leader talks about President Obama not doing enough to fight ISIL. What we see in the R
ECORD is the docu-ment prepared by Senator C
ARPER that outlines the progress that has been made. Is it enough? Of course not, but it is pretty significant in our fight against ISIS or ISIL, whatever you want to call them. I don’t know what the Republican leader wants. Does he want another in-vasion of Iraq, ground troops? Does he want us to invade Syria? Those are the two countries he named. Our last inva-sion of Iraq didn’t work out too well. We have had about 500,000 Iraqis killed. They are dead now as a result of that invasion. The number in Syria is reaching about 300,000. Millions of them have been displaced because of that last in-vasion of Iraq. The whole Middle East is destabilized. Is that what the Repub-lican leader wants? Does he want an-other invasion? Which country? Both of them? How many troops—100,000, 150,000? What does he want? Be more specific. What does he want done that isn’t being done? There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
UPDATE ON PROGRESS MADEAGAINST ISIS Since the height of ISIS’s power, U.S. and coalition forces have recaptured 47 percent of the land ISIS once held in Iraq. ISIS has also lost 20 percent of the land it once held in Syria. Ramadi and Tikrit were key victories for the U.S. backed Iraqi forces. Last Friday, Iraqi forces captured the city center of Fallujah and are now working to clear out the last few pockets of resistance in that key Anbar town. As we speak, Kurdish, Iraqi and Syrian Democratic forces—backed by U.S. special forces—are making preparations to retake ISIS’s key strongholds in Mosul and Raqqa. We’ve killed 25,000 ISIS fighters and more than 120 key ISIS leaders. We’ve cut ISIS funds by up to one-third. We’ve drastically slowed the flow of for-eign recruits from a high of about 2,000 a month in 2014 to 200 a month today. The same goes for those young Americans who have sought to travel to join ISIS abroad. One year ago, about 10 Americans per month were leaving to join ISIS. Now that number is about one a month. At home, the FBI is cracking down on re-cruits as well. Over the past two years, the FBI has arrested 88 individuals on ISIS re-lated charges. f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am en-couraged by the dialogue on gun safety that is taking place in the Senate now. Democrats and Republicans are work-ing together to find solutions to pro-tect Americans from gun violence. The obvious first step is to keep guns and explosives out of the hands of sus-pected terrorists and criminals. That is why it is imperative that the Senate call up legislation to get a vote. The amendment from the senior Sen-ator from Maine has bipartisan support and, at the very least, is a step in the right direction. The State of Maine has a reputation for bipartisanship. I can remember when President Obama was first elected, when we did the American Recovery Act—the stimulus. We had 57 or 58 Democratic Senators. I needed help in order to get that passed. Where did I look first? The State of Maine, Senator C
OLLINS and Senator Snowe. They always came through. The reason we were able to pass the Recovery Act is because of the State of Maine’s sen-atorial representation. So it should be no surprise to anyone that the senior Senator from Maine is working on a bipartisan basis, and while her legislation at this stage, in my mind, is not perfect, it is a step in the right direction. I am concerned with the Collins amendment for a number of reasons, and the Justice Department also has concerns. They are worried about pro-visions within the legislation. But as we speak, bipartisan discussions con-tinue to resolve these matters. But there is no question that the Senate should vote on legislation that keeps guns away from suspected terror-ists. So I appreciate the good work of Senator COLLINS . Of course, it wouldn’t be fair to talk about the State of Maine without talk-ing about A
NGUS KING—what a terrific Senator. The State of Maine should be so proud of this guy, as I know they are, based on his record as having been elected as Governor and other things in the State of Maine. I know the National Rifle Associa-tion is whipping its followers into a frenzy about this legislation—the Col-lins bipartisan legislation. They are going crazy about it. That is dis-appointing but not surprising. Almost every American agrees that suspected terrorists should not be able to purchase firearms and explosives. The Republican leader should ignore the desperate pleas from the NRA and bring Senator C
OLLINS ’ amendment to the floor for a vote. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mr. REID. Mr. President, on another subject, when we have voted on the Collins amendment, we must turn our attention to another critically impor-tant matter—addressing the Zika pub-lic health crisis. The American people have been wait-ing since February for Republicans to respond in regard to this serious, seri-ous threat from Zika caused by mos-quito bites. For centuries, mosquitoes have been wreaking havoc on people, but never, ever in the past have there been any reports of mosquitoes car-rying a virus or anything else that causes birth defects. The American people have been wait-ing since February for Republicans to respond to the threat from Zika. It has been four months to the day since President Obama sent an emergency appropriations request to Congress for $1.9 billion to fight Zika, and $1.9 bil-lion was the specific figure requested by researchers, public health experts, and doctors. There is even more needed now that 120 days have passed and have exposed even more dangers from Zika. While this Republican Congress has done nothing to provide the necessary funding, the threat from Zika con-tinues to grow larger every day. According to the latest statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on how Zika is affect-ing the United States—listen to these numbers because they are stunning, and in a few days they will be changed even more. Nearly 2,200 Americans have been affected by the Zika virus, and 423 pregnant women have tested positive for the virus. Tragically, six pregnancies in Zika-infected women have already resulted in severe birth defects. Of these 423 pregnant women, how many more women are going to have babies born with these extreme challenges? It is awful what this virus does to a lot of babies. In the past we have responded to pub-lic health emergencies with the ur-gency they deserve. When the Nation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.002 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4433 June 22, 2016 
faced the Ebola crisis, we responded. When the avian flu crisis hit, we re-sponded quickly with emergency fund-ing. We have done the same with torna-does, hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, and fires, but the Republicans aren’t doing that. I don’t know; I don’t under-stand this. It is an emergency. Zika is an emergency. It is devastating. Re-publicans should treat it as such and work with Democrats to fully respond to this. They should do it now; they should have done it months ago. It is stunning and sad that instead of responding responsibly to this Nation’s emergency in a bipartisan way, the Re-publicans have retreated behind closed doors and are negotiating Zika funding among themselves. There is a con-ference going on, but nothing is hap-pening. The Republicans over in the House are playing around with some-thing they are going to send us. We know; we have been there. It is going to come here. The Republicans in the House will then decide to go home, and the Democrats will have to go with them, and they will be gone. So we will be jammed sometime next week, and the Republican leader will say: Listen, we have to do this. The House is gone. We can’t change anything. Well, that is wrong. They should not turn this gen-eral public health emergency into a partisan game, syphoning money from Ebola or cutting the Affordable Care Act as we heard they are doing over in the House. That is a dangerous break from our commitment to address emer-gencies we are funding. We should respond to this crisis and respond now. We know what we need to send the President—at least $1.9 bil-lion—and it is an emergency. It is no different, as I have said, than a flood or a fire or those other emergencies I mentioned. For every moment the Re-publicans delay in responding to the Zika virus, we endanger more Ameri-cans. Mr. President, there are a number of people on the floor. I would ask the Chair to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2578, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Shelby/Mikulski amendment No. 4685, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for McCain) amendment No. 4787 (to amendment No. 4685), to amend sec-tion 2709 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that the Government may obtain a specified set of electronic communication transactional records under that section, and to make permanent the authority for indi-vidual terrorists to be treated as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978. McConnell motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations for a pe-riod of 14 days. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until the cloture vote will be equally divided be-tween the managers or their designees. The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise to speak as in morning business. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. President, the statement just made by the Senate Democratic leader on the Zika challenge to the United States is well documented. What is well documented is that the President of the United States came to Congress 4 months ago and said: We are facing a public health threat. Do something. For 4 months the Republican-led Congress has done nothing. Meanwhile, the mosquitoes carrying this deadly virus are on the march. This is a report from the New York Times from last week which I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD in its entirety. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, June 17, 2016] U.S. O
FFICIALS ARESURPRISED BY ZIKARATE 
INPUERTO RICO (By Catherine Saint Louis) Roughly 1 percent of recent blood donors in Puerto Rico showed signs of active infec-tion with the Zika virus, suggesting that a substantial portion of the island’s population will become infected, federal health officials reported on Friday. From April 3 to June 11, testing of 12,700 donations at blood centers in Puerto Rico identified 68 infected donors, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion. Over all, about 0.5 percent of donors had active Zika infections, but the prevalence rose to 1.1 percent in the week ending June 11. The virus, carried by the yellow fever mosquito, has been linked to birth defects in infants and neurological problems in adults. ‘‘There are a lot more Zika-positive people than we would anticipate this early’’ in the outbreak, said Phillip Williamson, an author of the C.D.C. report and the vice president of operations at Creative Testing Solutions, a blood-donor testing laboratory. Based on prior experience, Dr. Williamson said he would not have expected so many Zika-infected donors until late June or at early July. The C.D.C. has estimated that as many as a quarter of the island’s 3.5 million people may become infected with the Zika virus this year. ‘‘It’s possible that thousands of pregnant women in Puerto Rico could be infected,’’ Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the agency’s direc-tor, told Reuters on Friday, leading to ‘‘doz-ens or hundreds of infants being born with microcephaly in the coming year.’’ Zika-contaminated donations are removed from the blood supply. In the continental United States, where local transmission of the virus has yet to be reported, most blood banks are not yet using the experimental screening test used in Puerto Rico, which was made by Roche Diagnostics. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this ar-ticle is entitled, ‘‘U.S. Officials Are Surprised by Zika Rate in Puerto Rico.’’ It goes on: ‘‘Roughly 1 percent of re-cent blood donors in Puerto Rico showed signs of active infection with the Zika virus, suggesting that a sub-stantial portion of the island’s popu-lation will become infected, federal health officials reported on Friday.’’ They go on to cite the statistics that have been analyzed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and here is what they concluded: 
Based on prior experience, Dr. Williamson [of the CDC] said he would not have expected so many Zika-infected donors until late June or early July. The CDC has estimated that as many as a quarter of the island’s 3.5 million people may become infected with the Zika virus this year. ‘‘It’s possible that thousands of pregnant women in Puerto Rico could be infected,’’ Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, [the CDC’s] director, told Reuters . . . leading to ‘‘dozens or hun-dreds of infants being born with microcephaly in the coming year.’’ 
What is the Republican majority waiting for in the U.S. Senate? What is the Republican majority waiting for in the U.S. House of Representatives? Don’t they believe this is a serious public health threat? If they don’t, they are ignoring the obvious—evi-dence given to us by the leading public health defense agency in the United States of America, if not the world. Over and over again, they tell us this is a deadly threat. While the infection rates increase and the infections among pregnant women increase and the number of these infants who are af-flicted by serious birth defects in-crease, the Republicans in the House and Senate are too busy focusing on Donald Trump to pay attention to this public health crisis. It is about time they accepted the reality, and the re-ality is they were elected to lead, they were elected to protect, they were elected to serve, and when it comes to the Zika virus, they are doing none of this. They are standing back, twisted in knots, trying to figure out how to take money away from other public health challenges to deal with this, and 4 months have passed. These mosqui-toes are spreading this infection across Puerto Rico, and soon we will know more in the United States. Senator R
EIDsuggested there were 2,000 Americans with the Zika virus in-fection; 400—if I recall his numbers cor-rectly—pregnant women, and there is already evidence of babies here being born afflicted because of this infection. What is the Republican majority wait-ing for? 
FIGHTING TERRORISM  
Mr. President, the Senate Republican leader came to the floor earlier this morning to speak to us about ISIL and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.006 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4434 June 22, 2016 
terrorism. I hope he understands there is a political consensus on the fol-lowing statement: We should do every-thing in our power to prevent any ter-rorist attack in the United States and everything in our power to stop the spread of terrorism overseas, including and especially when it comes to ISIS. What Senator R
EIDasked of Senator M
CCONNELL is the right question. You come with criticism of our current pol-icy, but you offer nothing. There is no suggestion by the Senate Republican leader that we should be sending invad-ing armies again. We did try that in Iraq, and the consequences are well known. We lost 4,844 lives—American soldiers who gave their lives in Iraq. Over a half million returned with inju-ries, some of them with injuries that will be with them for a lifetime. The cost to the United States in terms of death, injury, and the problems that these veterans face will go on for gen-erations. Is the Senator from Kentucky suggesting we should do that again? I hope not. What we are doing is joining up with Iraqi forces to defeat ISIS. We are using the best of American intelligence and guidance to make sure they are ef-fective and there is evidence of success. The statement put in the R
ECORD  from Senator C
ARPER goes into detail. Senator R
EID alluded to it in his speech. It talks about the things we have done and the success we have had. The notion that we can do this over-night, that we just invade with a large U.S. Army—if that is what Senator M
CCONNELL is suggesting, I would sug-gest he go back in history and reflect on his own vote for the invasion of Iraq, which I disagreed with at the time and still do. It was a mistake for us to invade. Then there is the question about the gun issue, particularly when it comes to assault weapons. Do you know what the terrorists have told us? They basi-cally said to us: Go ahead and fight the last war. Focus on what happened on 9/11. Put all your resources at airports. Be ready to stop anyone who wants to take over an airplane. It is a worthy goal, but while you are diverted with that goal, fighting the last terrorist war, we are opening up new fronts, and one of those fronts very specifically is that the terrorists warned us: We know where to buy assault weapons in the United States. We know about your gun shows. We know about your Inter-net sales, and that is where we are going to turn. They are calling on their aspiring terrorists around the world to find ac-cess to assault weapons and turn them on innocent Americans. We saw the devastating impact of that in Orlando two weeks ago. Because of the filibuster last week that was initiated by Senator M
URPHY  of Connecticut and sustained by Sen-ator B
OOKER of New Jersey and Senator B
LUMENTHAL of Connecticut and 37 oth-ers who came to the floor to support them, we forced a vote on Monday night on 4 gun safety issues. None of them passed. It was established that they needed an extraordinary majority. That was the decision made by the Re-publican leadership. While we came close to a majority on many of these votes, we didn’t have the 60 votes nec-essary to make them law. Luckily, we have one Republican Senator on the Republican side who showed extraordinary courage. Senator COLLINS of Maine has stepped up to try to craft a measure to keep deadly weapons out of the hands of terrorists in the United States. Do the American people agree with Senator C
OLLINS ? Only by a margin of 90 percent, they believe she is right. They believe we are right—that we should do something to defy the National Rifle Association and make it more difficult for those who are suspected terrorists to buy firearms, especially assault weapons. Well, she is working on it, and I am working with her. Many of us are sup-porting her effort—a bipartisan effort, and one that is long overdue. When the Senator who is the Repub-lican majority leader comes to the floor and says we need to do more to fight terrorism, what is he doing to fight terrorism? When it comes to as-sault weapons and those who are pur-chasing them in the United States— like the deadly killer in Orlando—he can help us. The Kentucky Senator who is the Republican leader can help us by making America safer and keep-ing automatic weapons, assault weap-ons, and semiautomatic weapons out of the hands of would-be terrorists. That would mean defying the National Rifle Association, and many on the Repub-lican side are scared to death of that— just scared to death of what that orga-nization might do to them if they join Senator C
OLLINS , if they join Senator F
EINSTEIN , in trying to stem the rise of terrorism from these assault weapons in the United States. I have said it before and I will say it again: There is no self-respecting hun-ter, sportsman, or even a person look-ing for self-defense who can defend these weapons that are being sold in the United States. There was a Snapchat video of one of the victims in Orlando, the last 9 sec-onds of her life before she was killed. She turned on her cell phone, and in 9 seconds, 17 rounds were fired by this aspiring ISIS terrorist who had access to an assault weapon. Assault weapons belong in the hands of law enforcement and the military. They shouldn’t be so easily accessible by those who would turn them on innocent Americans, whether it is in a classroom in New-town, CT, or in a nightclub in Orlando. I would say to the Senator from Ken-tucky that if he wants to stop ter-rorism, start at home. Start at home by preventing terrorist access to these deadly weapons that have no effective use when it comes to sport and hunting and that are just being purchased, sadly, for collections reasons or for those who want to misuse the weapons to kill innocent people. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. COT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk (Lindsay Gibmeyer) proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided between the Democrats and Republicans during the quorum call. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4787 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as a member of the Appropriations Com-mittee, I am concerned about a pending amendment, McCain amendment No. 4787. We had a series of votes earlier this week on sensible gun safety measures. We know by all the polling that the overwhelming majority of Americans supported these measures, but they were blocked by Senate Republicans. Now it appears the Republican lead-ership wants to change the subject. They are resorting to scare tactics to divert the attention of the American people from their failure to act in re-sponse to mass shootings. Let’s be clear about what we need to stay safe. We need universal background checks for firearms purchases and we need to give the FBI the authority to deny guns to terrorist suspects. Senate Republicans rejected those commonsense measures earlier this week, but we still have the chance to give law enforcement real and effective tools. We should strengthen our laws to make it easier to prosecute firearms traffickers and straw purchasers. I am a gun owner. I know if I go in to buy a gun in Vermont—even though the gun store owner has known me most of their life—I have to go through a background check. But you can have somebody who has restraining orders against them, warrants outstanding against them, or who could have been convicted of heinous crimes, and they can walk into a gun show, with no background check, and buy anything they want. We also know they can go and buy all kinds of weapons to sell at a great prof-it to criminal gangs that couldn’t buy them otherwise, and of course to those who are going to commit acts of ter-rorism and hate crimes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.007 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4435 June 22, 2016 
We also need to fund the FBI and the Justice Department so they have the resources to combat acts of terrorism and hate. Those are the elements of the amendment that Senators M
IKULSKI , B
ALDWIN , NELSON and I filed yesterday. In contrast, Republicans are pro-posing to reduce independent oversight of FBI investigations, and make per-manent a law that as of last year had never been used. The McCain amend-ment would eliminate the requirement for a court order when the FBI wants to obtain detailed information about Americans’ Internet activities in na-tional security investigations. You can almost hear J. Edgar Hoo-ver, who loved to be able to spy on any American he didn’t like, asking: Why didn’t I have that when I was the head of the FBI? The McCain amendment could cover Web sites Americans have visited; ex-tensive information on who Americans communicate with through email, chat, and text messages; and where and when Americans log onto the Internet and into social media accounts. Over time, this information would provide highly revealing details about Ameri-cans’ personal lives, Americans who are totally innocent of any kind of criminal activity, and they get all of this without prior court approval. That is why this amendment is op-posed by major technology companies and privacy groups across the political spectrum, from FreedomWorks to Google, to the ACLU. Senator C
ORNYN and others have ar-gued that we cannot prevent people on the terrorist watch list from obtaining firearms without due process and judi-cial review. Yet at the same time they are proposing to remove judicial ap-proval when the FBI wants to find out what Web sites Americans are visiting. The FBI already has the authority to obtain this information if it obtains a court order under section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act. None of us would feel comfortable if the FBI or any law enforcement agency could just walk into our home, rifle through our desks, and go through the notes of whom we have called or whom we have talked to. But they are saying because we have done it electronically and through the Internet, we ought to be able to just ignore any right of pri-vacy and go into it. So rather than trying to distract us from their opposition to commonsense gun measures, such as their opposition to requiring somebody who has crimi-nal indictments pending against them from being able to go to a gun show and buy guns, Republicans should sup-port actions that will help protect us, such as those in the amendment filed by Senators M
IKULSKI , BALDWIN , NEL-
SON, and myself. Instead of kowtowing to a very well- organized special interest lobbying group, why not listen to the lobby of the American people and do what Americans want. I hope Senators will oppose the McCain amendment. I hope they will support measures that will actually help keep our country safe. Mr. President, I yield the floor to the distinguished Senator from Oregon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague. He and I have worked on this. He is really outlining the hypoc-risy behind what has been going on over the past few days. Mr. President, due process ought to apply as it relates to guns, but due process wouldn’t apply as it relates to the Internet activity of millions of Americans. My view is that the coun-try wants policies that promote safety and liberty. Increasingly, we are get-ting policies that do not do much of ei-ther. Supporters of this amendment, the McCain amendment, have sug-gested that Americans need to choose between protecting their security and protecting their constitutional right to privacy. The fact is, this amendment doesn’t improve either. What it does is, it gives an FBI field office new authority to ad-ministratively scoop up Americans’ digital records, their email and chat records, their text message logs, Web- browsing history, and certain types of location information without ever going to a judge. The reason this is unnecessary—and it is something I believe in very strong-ly and worked hard for it in the FREE-DOM Act—there is a very specific sec-tion in the FREEDOM Act, which I worked for and authored in a separate effort in 2013, that allows the FBI to demand all of these records—all of the records I described—in an emergency and then go get court approval after the fact. So unless you are opposed to court oversight, even after the fact, there is no reason to support this amendment. The FBI has not, in any way, sug-gested that having this authority would have stopped the San Bernardino attack or the massacre at an LGBT nightclub in Orlando. That is because there is no reason to think that is the case. The Founding Fathers wrote the Fourth Amendment to the Constitu-tion for a good reason. We can protect security and liberty. We can have both. Somehow, the sponsors of the McCain amendment have said: You can really only have one or the other. Mr. President and colleagues, the other argument that was made yester-day—some have said, we have to have this amendment because it will just fix a typo in the law. That is not true. I urge colleagues to take a look at the record on this. The record makes it clear that this provision was carefully circumscribed, was narrowly drawn. The notion that this is some sort of typo simply doesn’t hold water. The fact is, the Bush administra-tion—hardly an administration that was soft on terror—said this was not needed, this was not something they would support; that the national secu-rity letter statute ought to be inter-preted narrowly just the way the au-thors in 1993 envisioned. I see my friend, the distinguished chair of the Intelligence Committee. I know we are going to hear how this is absolutely pivotal in order to protect the security of the American people. I will recap. No. 1, never once has the FBI sug-gested this would have prevented Or-lando; No. 2, in the face of an emer-gency under the legislation I authored, the government, in an Orlando or San Bernardino issue, can go get the records immediately and then after the fact settle up; No. 3, this was not a typo. This was what the authors had suggested; No. 4, the Bush administra-tion, hardly soft on terror, didn’t be-lieve what this amendment was all about was necessary. This is an amend-ment that would undermine funda-mental American rights without mak-ing our country safer. In my view, undermining the role of judicial oversight, particularly when it doesn’t make the country safer and we have a specific statutory provision for emergencies to protect the American people, this amendment defies common sense. I hope my colleagues will oppose it. I urge my colleagues to do so. I think it is going to be very hard to explain to the American people how an approach like the one behind this amendment, that would allow any FBI field office to issue an administrative subpoena for email and chat records, text message logs, web-browsing history, location in-formation—that you ought to be able to do it without judicial oversight, when you have a specific law that says government has the right to move quickly in an emergency. I think it is going to be pretty hard to explain to the American people how you are going to have an arrangement like this that does not make us safer and certainly jeopardizes our liberties. I am for both, and this amendment doesn’t do much of either. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, as I grew up, I remember listening daily to Paul Harvey on the radio. Paul Harvey’s motto was, ‘‘and now the rest of the story.’’ That is where we are. I give Senator WYDEN a tremendous amount of credit for consistency. He is consistently against providing the tools that law enforcement needs to defend the Amer-ican people. That is fine, if that is your position, but let’s talk about fact. This statute was changed in 1993, and in one subpart of that legislation, it was not carried over about the ISP— Internet service provider—responsi-bility to provide this information when requested by law enforcement. From 1993 until 2010, every tech-nology company, when requested by the FBI, continued to provide this in-formation. This is not a new expansion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.004 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4436 June 22, 2016 
It is clearly something that continued from 1993 until 2010, 6 years ago, when all of a sudden a tech company looked at it and said: Boy, it is in this subpart, but it doesn’t state it in that subpart so we are not going to provide it for you anymore. Myth: We have never asked for this. We have never had this. No, we have had it for a long time, and until 2010, every company supplied it to the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion. All of a sudden, one company’s general counsel said: We don’t see it in this subpart; therefore, we are not bound to provide that for you. We are either going to fight ter-rorism and prosecute criminals or we are not going to do it. We can take away every tool because we use this ex-cuse that technology now forbids us from accessing information. Let me say about this, we get no con-tent. To get content, you have to go to a judge on a bench, and that judge has to give you permission to actually read the content. We are talking about ad-dresses, locations, times that, in the case of reconstruction or in the case of trying to prevent an attack, could be crucial. The one fact I heard from my col-league from Oregon is that this wouldn’t have stopped San Bernardino or Orlando. He is 100 percent correct. But I hope there is no legislation we are considering in the Senate that is about a single incident. This is about a framework of tools law enforcement can use today, tomorrow, and into the future; it is not about looking back and saying: But it didn’t exist here. Let me just explain what happens if, in fact, this inadvertent change isn’t made. It means the FBI goes from a 1- day process of getting this vital infor-mation to over a month. To go to the FISA Court and get approval to seek the information—over a month. If it had to do with a terrorist attack, boy, I hope the American people are com-fortable with saying: As long as the FBI figures this out a month in ad-vance, then we are OK. But when you look at the MO of attacks around the world, in most cases, we had no notice. In most cases, maybe another thread of information might have given us the preventive time we needed. In many cases, connecting the dots is also a matter of time. Director Comey came and had a session with all Mem-bers of the Senate last week. His com-ment about expediting this informa-tion into the public domain was be-cause he wanted to assure the Amer-ican people that they had reviewed as much as they could to certify that there was not another cell, that the American people could sleep safe that night. Well, this is part of that proc-ess—being able to access the informa-tion you need in a timely fashion. You know something he forgot to say is that this is the Obama administra-tion’s language. We can talk all we want to about Bush or Clinton or what-ever; this is the Obama administra-tion—the one that has the responsi-bility today to keep the American peo-ple safe. It is the administration that has come to the Senate, provided the language, and asked for this clarifica-tion to be made because it was inad-vertently left out in 1993. So we are here today to fix some-thing that is broken, not to expand in any way, shape, or form the powers or to intrude into privacy, because there is no content collected. This is simply to provide law enforcement with tools that enable them to fulfill their mis-sion, which is to keep America safe. In addition to the ECTA fix, let me say there is a lone-wolf provision that extends the lone wolf permanently. The lone wolf provision provides the gov-ernment’s ability to target non-U.S. persons—foreigners only—who engage or attempt to engage in international terrorism but do not show specific links to a foreign power or terrorist or-ganization to be under the lone-wolf provision. It is too important to let it expire. This provision is not about address-ing or responding to a single specific threat—particularly one that has al-ready manifested itself—any more than the underlying bill is. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. The American people need it, law enforce-ment needs it, and the Obama adminis-tration wants it. It is what we operated under from an understanding from 1993 until 2010, when a general counsel in one company decided to buck the sys-tem and say: Spell it out for me or we are not going to do it. Let’s spell it out for them and give law enforcement this tool. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, how much time remains? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ten min-utes remains. Mr. M
CCAIN. I won’t take the entire 10 minutes. I notice the Senator from Oregon, and I would be glad to yield to him 3 minutes of the 10 minutes re-maining so he can speak in his usual articulate fashion. Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague for the time. Mr. M
CCAIN. I yield 3 minutes of my 10 minutes to the Senator from Oregon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to come back again to the argument I made earlier. The Senator from North Carolina said the FBI would have to wait around if there was something that really had the well-being of the American people at stake. That is sim-ply inaccurate. In the USA FREEDOM Act, I was able to add a provision I feel very strongly about, which says if the FBI thinks the security and well-being of the American people are on the line, the FBI can move immediately to col-lect all the information we have been talking about. So there is no waiting. There is no dawdling under the amend-ment we put in the FREEDOM Act. The government can go get that infor-mation immediately and come back and then settle up later with the judge. Frankly, that was something I felt ex-tremely strongly about because I want-ed it understood that there is not a de-bate about privacy versus security. This is about ensuring that we have both, and that is why that emergency provision is so important. My colleague made mention of the fact that the FBI would be waiting around if the country’s safety and well- being were on the line. No way—not be-cause of the specific language in the USA FREEDOM Act I offered and my colleague supported. This is about en-suring that the American people can have both security and liberty. We have heard the lone-wolf provi-sion referred to. That was extended for 4 years in the USA FREEDOM Act. I supported that as well. So what we are talking about today is not making the country safer but threatening our liberty. And I did draw a contrast between this and the issue with respect to guns. Our colleagues said we ought to have due process as it relates to guns. I certainly support the idea of due process, but it shouldn’t be a double standard—we are going to have due process there, and we are not going to have due process as it relates to these national security letters. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has used 3 minutes. Mr. WYDEN. If I could have 10 addi-tional seconds, and I appreciate my colleague’s courtesy. Mr. MCCAIN. Certainly. Mr. WYDEN. The amendment gives the FBI field office authority to scoop up all this digital material without ju-dicial oversight. That is a mistake. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, obvi-ously I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the distin-guished chairman of the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, who knows as much about this issue as any Member of Congress or anyone else, and I appre-ciate the great job he is doing and his important remarks. Look, this is pretty simple. The amendment has the support of the Na-tional Fraternal Order of Police; the Federal Law Enforcement Agencies As-sociation, which is the largest national professional law enforcement associa-tion; and the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation Agents Association. Literally every law enforcement agency in America supports this amendment so they can do their job and defend Amer-ica. Ronald Reagan used to say that facts are stubborn things. The fact is, ac-cording to the Director of the CIA, ac-cording to the Director of National In-telligence, right now Baghdadi, in Raqqa, is calling people in and saying: Get on this. Get on this and get back to the United States or Europe and con-tact us then and we will attack. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.005 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4437 June 22, 2016 
There will be more attacks, accord-ing to both the Director of the CIA and the Director of National Intelligence. Right now there are, unfortunately, young people in this country who are self-radicalizing. And what vehicle is doing the self-radicalization? It is the Internet. We are not asking for content here; we are just asking for usage, the same way we can do with financial records, the same way we can do with telephone records. This is an important tool. How could anyone—and I say this with great respect for the Senator from Oregon. He is a passionate and articu-late advocate for what he believes in, and he has my respect and friendship. But I ask, in all due respect, after the events of the last few days, when we know that attacker was self- radicalized—and what did he use for it? He used the Internet. I don’t know if that attack could have been prevented, but I know that attacks can be prevented because that is the view of the chairman of the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, the Director of the CIA, and the Director of National Intelligence, who are not interested in taking away our liberties but are interested in car-rying out their fundamental respon-sibilities, which happen to be to pro-tect this Nation. So all I can say to my colleagues is that we need to protect the rights of all of our citizens. We can’t intrude in their lives. This constant tension will go on between the right of privacy and national security, and I think there are gray areas we need to debate and come to agreement on finally over time, but this issue is, honestly, a no-brainer. When the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, who is probably one of the most respected individuals in America, admired and respected by all of us, is saying this is one of his highest priorities in order to protect America, then I think we should listen to him. When the Director of the CIA says they are planning further attacks on the United States of America and Europe, we should give them the tools they need to prevent that. When the Director of National Intelligence testi-fies before the Committee on Armed Services that there will be further at-tacks, shouldn’t we give them this ru-dimentary tool, which, according to the chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, was basically an over-sight? Shouldn’t we correct that, and can’t we protect the rights of every in-dividual and every American and still enact this really modest change, which, although in some ways modest, according to the Director of the FBI, is of his highest priorities? So let’s listen. Let’s listen to those whom we entrust our Nation’s security to after going through the confirma-tion process and the approval or dis-approval of the Members of this body, who are then entrusted with the sol-emn obligation of defending this Na-tion. They are saying unanimously that they need this authority in order to carry out their responsibilities. Mr. President, we are going to vote here in a couple of minutes, and I would urge my colleagues to respect the views—maybe not mine, maybe not the chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, but let’s respect the views of those who are entrusted with defending this Nation. I believe we should give them this authority. This debate will go on, I say to my friend from Oregon. There will be other areas where there is tension between the right of every citizen to privacy and the requirement to defend this Na-tion because we are facing a challenge the likes of which we have never seen before, and that is this whole thing of self-radicalization and people who are sneaking into this country to commit acts of terror, which has the entire American public concerned—San Bernardino, Orlando. I hope the Senator from Oregon and those who will vote no on this amend-ment understand that in the view of the experts on terrorism in this world—absolutely are convinced there will be further attacks. Shouldn’t we give them this fundamental tool, this basic tool they have asked for? I be-lieve they respect all Americans’ right to privacy as well. I urge my colleagues to vote aye on this amendment, and then we can move on to other ways to help our enforce-ment agencies and our intelligence agencies defend this Nation against this threat, which is not going away. Mr. President, I believe my time has expired. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, has all the time expired? The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. Mr. HEINRICH. I ask unanimous con-sent to speak for 2 minutes. Mr. M
CCAIN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 4787 to amendment No. 4685 to Calendar No. 120, H.R. 2578, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Orrin G. Hatch, John Thune, Thad Cochran, Marco Rubio, Tom Cotton, Richard Burr, Pat Roberts, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Deb Fischer, Cory Gardner, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 4787, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky for the Senator from Arizona, to amendment No. 4685 to H.R. 2578, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Idaho (Mr. CRAPO ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), and the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 58, nays 38, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 108 Leg.] YEAS—58 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Cruz Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill Mikulski Moran Nelson Perdue Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—38 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Daines Durbin Franken Gardner Gillibrand Heinrich Heller Hirono Kaine Leahy Lee Markey McConnell Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Peters Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Crapo Donnelly Feinstein Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 58, the nays are 38. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The Republican leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I enter a motion to reconsider the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is entered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.010 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4438 June 22, 2016 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the heroin and pre-scription drug epidemic that is tearing families apart and devastating commu-nities in every one of the States rep-resented in this Chamber. I rise today for the 10th time since this body, the Senate, passed CARA— the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act—by a vote of 94 to 1. It took us 2
1⁄2weeks on the floor to get that done. It took 3 years of work to build up the right consensus, but we got it done. The House then proceeded over time to pass 18 separate bills dealing with this issue, and now we are in con-ference with the House. As I have said in every speech I have given over the last 10 weeks we have been in session since that time, we need to move and move quickly, and there is no excuse for inaction. I am going to continue to come to the floor and talk to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, leadership on both sides of the Capitol, on this issue until we get it done. Why? Because this is an emer-gency. This is not just another issue that Congress should take up; this is one that is affecting every single com-munity in America. Sadly, it is getting worse, not better. Every week when I come to the floor, unfortunately, I come with new news. I come with information that has come to my attention since my previous talk on the floor about what is happening in our communities, and I will do that again today. There is some good news, and that is that since I spoke on the floor last week, the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee has voted to increase funding to deal with this opioid issue—this is her-oin, prescription drugs, and this new fentanyl, which is a synthetic form of heroin that is gripping our commu-nities—and the funding increase was made as a commitment by the Senate Appropriations Committee on a bipar-tisan basis to have a 93-percent in-crease in funding as compared to this year. This year we also saw an increase in funding. Thanks to the leadership of some of the Members in this body, we increased the funding for this year, and we have increased it again for next year. That is the good news, but we have to be sure the money is properly spent. That is what CARA is about. It is an authorization bill, and it says that going forward, let’s be sure we are spending it on evidence-based treat-ment and recovery that actually works to make a difference to get people back on track; let’s be sure we are spending it on the kinds of things that keep peo-ple from getting into the funnel of ad-diction in the first place—again, evi-dence-based prevention and education; let’s be sure we are helping our law en-forcement and helping our health offi-cials. The reason the Fraternal Order of Police strongly supports this legisla-tion is it helps them in training how to use naloxone and Narcan more effec-tively and provides them the ability to have that to be able to take these over-dose increases we have seen in all of our States—be able to save lives. So this legislation is comprehensive. It is needed. We now have the funding in place. Should there be more funding? Yes, I think so. But this is an awfully good start, to have a 93-percent in-crease and an increase already for this year. There is no excuse for us not getting this conference committee completed and taking the comprehensive Senate bill and merging it with the individual House bills and getting it to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature. The com-prehensive approach is the only way to do this. The acting U.S. attorney for North-ern Ohio said it well. Her name is Car-ole Rendon. She is involved with it, folks. She is in the trenches. She said: ‘‘The only way we can stem this tide is with a comprehensive approach.’’ I couldn’t agree more. A lot of us, including my friends and allies on the outside, are interested in this issue. There are 130 national groups who have supported this legisla-tion. Virtually every group in the country involved in prevention, edu-cation, treatment, recovery, and law enforcement has supported this. But they are concerned about the House versions—the 18 separate bills versus the comprehensive bill—because the House versions do not deal effectively with this issue of recovery. Treatment and recovery need to go hand in hand. By the way, without recovery, the legislation is not comprehensive. It is called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act for a reason. We know that funding the right kinds of recovery programs will work to help people get back on track and bring their families back together and keep them away from some of the aspects we all know about. The No. 1 cause of acci-dental death in the State of Ohio is overdoses. It is probably the No. 1 cause of accidental death in the coun-try, from the data we recently re-ceived. We have to be sure that recov-ery works. CARA offers critical resources to de-velop recovery support services for in-dividuals and families working to over-come addiction. It promotes recovery programs in high schools and colleges that, sadly, are needed. At Ohio State University, we happen to have a model recovery program. Sarah Nerad, who is a brave young woman, started it. It is something other schools are now emulating. It started with a couple of people, and it has grown and grown in Ohio State. Re-covering addicts can come together and talk among themselves in a support group. These are college students. This is something that has been very helpful at the college and high school level be-cause it is needed. There are some good ideas in the 18 bills passed by the House that were not in CARA, and we should incorporate those. One I like particularly is lifting the cap on Suboxone so we can expand the number of patients who can be treated by a doctor for an opioid de-pendency. Suboxone, like methadone, is one of the treatment methods that are used. That cap should be raised. There seems to be a bipartisan con-sensus about that. I am hopeful that we can quickly re-solve the differences we have between the House and Senate bills, pick up the good parts of the House bill, keep it comprehensive, and get it to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature. I am en-couraged that the conference is getting going. Last week I thanked Senator M
CCONNELL , the majority leader, for naming the conferees on the Senate side. There has already been a lot of good work done, and now we have the conferees officially named on both sides. Again, there is no excuse for not moving forward. I was very concerned yesterday when I heard a news report from National Public Radio about a White House meeting with some Democratic Mem-bers of Congress about potentially stalling CARA, the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act. One White House legislative aide is quoted in the story as saying, ‘‘We need to slow down the conference enough so that the White House . . . can bring it back to the American people. . . . We need . . . help in slowing it down.’’ The piece went on to say that some of the Demo-cratic Members who went down to the White House ‘‘were eager to help’’ to slow it down. I hope that is not accu-rate. I can’t believe it would be. Delay-ing might be a good way to score some political points, but it is terrible pol-icy. It is the wrong thing to do, and it is a disservice to the millions of Ameri-cans who are suffering across this country from the consequences of ad-diction and who are waiting for relief. They have been patient so far, but these 130 groups I talked about are get-ting increasingly impatient, and I don’t blame them. I am too. This bill is about saving lives. Delay means the status quo continues. On average, 129 Americans lose their lives every day. We had 129 families come to the Capitol a few weeks ago to make that point—the CARA family group—to be able to let Members know this is something we need to act on now. Every day five Ohioans, on aver-age, lose their lives. That is one every 12 minutes at the national level. In the 103 days since we passed CARA in this Chamber with a 94-to-1 vote, during those 103 days, that means 12,000 Amer-icans have lost their lives to overdoses from heroin and prescription drugs. Again, the overdoses don’t tell the story. As horrific as that is, it is a much bigger story. It is about all the casualties—people who may not have overdosed and died, but they are cas-ualties. They have been torn apart from their families. They have been torn apart from their work. They have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.015 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4439 June 22, 2016 
been driven to crime, such as theft, to support their habit. They do feel as though there is no hope for them. Nine out of ten people who are addicted are not getting treatment. This is hap-pening right now. The price of delay is those people are not getting the help they need. The longer we delay, the longer this epidemic continues to get worse. Maybe some of those who want to delay CARA don’t realize how urgent this crisis is. I know there is a lot going on right now, and maybe they are distracted by other issues. Maybe they don’t know the statistics. Maybe they don’t know the stories of the fam-ilies broken up, the lives cut short, or those who are casualties to this. Maybe they don’t know the faces behind these statistics. Again, just since last week when I spoke last time, we have new informa-tion that is troubling. We know now that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is warning that the heroin epidemic is actually driving the threat of HIV and hepatitis C, includ-ing in my own area of Southwest Ohio. We now know that. So this is about heroin and prescription drugs, but it is also about hepatitis C, and it is also about HIV. Maybe they don’t know about the drug traffickers sentenced last week in Lima, OH, for trafficking $300,000 worth of heroin and 20,000 injections’ worth of heroin. Maybe they don’t know about Stosh Simcak of Euclid, OH, outside Cleve-land. He was a star athlete in soccer and football. He was a charismatic, tal-ented, and joyful young man. In high school, he started to experiment with drugs. He started with marijuana and ecstasy and prescription pain killers. He got addicted to opioids and then turned to heroin because it is less ex-pensive and more available. His rela-tionship with his family suffered, of course, as it almost always does. The drug becomes everything. At times, his relationship was broken altogether. He had a hard time getting a job and keep-ing a full-time job. Finally, he agreed he needed help. His parents unsuccess-fully tried to get him into five dif-ferent rehabilitation centers. Often there was no room. He was arrested with a felony drug charge. He posted bond and was released. He told his dad Steve in a text message: 
I don’t want to lose my family. I lost enough already. . . . I want to be the son you can be proud of if it’s not too late. 
That was the last time Steve ever heard from his son. Within 48 hours, he died of an overdose. Maybe those who support delaying CARA don’t know about Dan Durbin from Delphos, OH. It is a small town. He reports setting up on the front lawn for his daughter’s high school gradua-tion party recently and seeing in the alley right next door a heroin deal tak-ing place in front of these high school students. I know it is an even-numbered year, meaning it is an election year. There is always another election. But delaying CARA is unacceptable. Partisanship is not going to help people who are suf-fering to find treatment. It is not going to heal our families. It is not going to educate our kids so they don’t become addicted. If we want to show the Amer-ican people we can accomplish some-thing that really makes our commu-nities better, we will get CARA to the President as soon as possible. We have kept this legislation com-pletely nonpartisan, not just partisan. We brought in major experts from around the country. We had five con-ferences over a 3-year period. We gath-ered ideas from Democrats and Repub-licans. If anyone had a good idea, we didn’t ask where it came from. We asked if it was a good idea, if it would help to address this problem. That is the way things are supposed to work. We had strong help from the White House Director of National Drug Con-trol Policy, Michael Botticelli, who has stated repeatedly we need a com-prehensive solution and was quoted as saying: There is clear evidence that a comprehen-sive response looking at multidimensional aspects of this that are embedded in CARA are tremendously important. . . . We know that we need to do more, and I think all of those components put forward in CARA are critically important to make headway in terms of this epidemic. 
That is the White House drug czar. I hope the White House staffer who was quoted as saying ‘‘Let’s delay’’ actu-ally talks to the drug czar. Nearly every Democrat in this Cham-ber voted in support of CARA, and I commend them for that. Democrats were indispensable in crafting it. They were involved at the very start. S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE is the coauthor of this legislation with me. He has a real passion for this. He has a heart for it. He understands the pain these fami-lies who lost a loved one feel. He under-stands the casualties of this epidemic. He gets it. A
MYKLOBUCHAR has also been very involved, K
ELLY AYOTTE on our side, and others. This has been something from the start—again, not just par-tisan but nonpartisan. It has been a group effort. That is one reason I think we have received so much good support because we came up with the right ideas. These groups around the country who worked for us on that realize it is going to make a difference. I have been involved with this issue of drug abuse and addiction for more than two decades. Twenty-two years ago, a mom came to my office and said her son had just died of an overdose. What was I doing? That got me en-gaged. I am the author of the Drug- Free Communities Act, the Drug-Free Media Campaign Act, and the Drug- Free Workplace Act. In this Chamber I have been the au-thor of other legislation, including with D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , to stop these synthetic drugs and to make sure they are scheduled as illegal drugs. In terms of prescription drug monitoring, we have tried to help pass legislation on interstate prescription drug moni-toring. But this legislation, this CARA legis-lation, is what is needed now. There is no good reason to keep these families who are affected waiting. We can have a conversation about funding. Again, I am for more funding. I have voted that way. This 93-percent increase in funding this year and in the next appropriations bill for next year is a great step forward. Respectfully, let me just say again that this issue is not like everything else we face around here. This is ur-gent. We have to move, and we have to move now. Will it solve the problem? No. The problem is not going to be solved from Washington, but Washington can be a better partner in addressing the issue right now, and it is a growing issue. Whether I am in a suburb, a rural area, or the inner city in Ohio—no matter where I am, I hear from people about this issue. I have a tele-townhall tonight. I will hear about it. A few weeks ago in our tele-townhall, a gentleman called in and wanted to talk about the treatment options in CARA. He seemed to know a lot about it. I asked him why he knew so much about this, if he wouldn’t mind talking about it, reminding him there were probably 25,000 people on the call at the time and that he was being heard by a lot of people. He told his story, which unfortunately was a story you hear way too commonly in my State of Ohio. His daughter—in and out of treatment and, in her case, in and out of the criminal justice system—had de-cided to seek treatment. She went, she couldn’t get in, and 14 days later she died of an overdose. According to one poll, 3 in 10 Ohioans know someone who is struggling with an opioid addiction. Family members, friends, coworkers, fellow parishioners, their neighbors—those family members are hurting too. It is almost unbear-able to watch a loved one suffer through this disease, and it is a disease in that it requires treatment. Ohioans are taking action—and ap-propriate action too. I commend them for that. In Warren, OH, the Braking Point Recovery Center recently held its an-nual Walk Against Heroin. Nicholas Story and Emily Smith, who are in re-covery from addiction, bravely spoke at that rally about their experiences and how this epidemic is affecting them. Nicholas spoke about how much happier he is now that he is in recov-ery, saying: ‘‘My life has improved so much it is amazing.’’ Emily talked about how her mother, some of her cousins, and friends have suffered from addiction. Some have died of overdoses. I commend them for having the cour-age to speak up and to spread aware-ness about this epidemic. Raymond Sansota of Euclid, OH, also spoke about losing his son, Josh, to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.016 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4440 June 22, 2016 
heroin addiction. He was a star athlete, played point guard, and was a 4-year letterman in high school. He was an ac-olyte in his Catholic parish. He was known for his sense of humor, for his musical and artistic talents. He had a good job at a rubber company in Mid-dlefield, OH, but he became addicted to prescription drug painkillers. Eventu-ally, like so many others, he switched to the less expensive, more accessible option, which was heroin. He overdosed at the age of 31. Raymond, thank you for speaking up. At Barnesville High School in Barnesville, OH, OhioHealth Services, Barnesville Hospital, and Crossroads Counseling Services held a townhall about the heroin epidemic, bringing to-gether doctors, lawyers, law enforce-ment, and public health officials. Judge Frank Fregiato spoke there, and he said: ‘‘Rich, poor, black, white, educated, non-educated, political, non-political, whatever you are, your fam-ily is at risk.’’ He is right. That is why we can’t af-ford to delay. Today I was talking to two high school principals who came to me at our weekly coffee in Ohio. They in-formed me they had lost six of their re-cent graduates to this issue and that they are holding a townhall on this subject soon at that high school. On Saturday, in Stark County, doz-ens of motorcyclists participated in the second annual Families Against The Heroin Epidemic Rally in Stark. Fami-lies Against The Heroin Epidemic Rally is also F.A.T.H.E.R.S.; F.A.T.H.E.R.S. is the acronym. These fathers and those who support them raised money for addiction treatment, for treatment for education, and for law enforcement. I thank everyone who participated in this motorcycle ride and everyone who is doing their part to stop this epidemic. That event was founded by Larry and Kara Vogt of Perry Township. Their sons had recovered from a heroin addic-tion, and he is in transitional housing. As Larry puts it: ‘‘If you aren’t af-fected by this now, you will be.’’ I know the scope of this epidemic can sometimes feel overwhelming, but there is hope. There are many stories of people who have found themselves in the funnel of this addiction, the grip of this addiction, and have found hope through treatment and recovery. There are many who are now helping others to get treatment. Michael Evans of Columbus, OH, is an example of that. He had chronic back pain. He had Percocet and OxyContin and became addicted. Now he is helping others. He has been clean and sober for more than a year. He is beating it because he got treatment. Again, it is time for us to act. Again, I have told stories just from the last week of what is happening around the country and in my home State of Ohio. There is no excuse. We need to act quickly to find common ground, to get a comprehensive bill to the President so it can start to help those millions who are struggling. Delay is not an op-tion. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized for such time as I may consume as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me just say that my friend from Ohio is truly passionate. In the years I have been here, I have not heard of anyone who is stronger and has a better understanding of this issue than the Senator from Ohio. I find myself listening as he speaks and reflecting. I hear the same things. It is not just in Ohio; it is in my meetings that I have in Oklahoma. I am glad he has that passion, pleased he does, and I wish him success. Mr. PORTMAN. I thank the Senator. 
MASS SHOOTING IN ORLANDO AND FIGHTING  
TERRORISM  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I have to get on the record after the events of the last week and the claims that some of my colleagues made on the Senate floor and that the mainstream media have published about the horrific event in Orlando. Before we had all the facts about what happened in Orlando last Sunday, people on the left were blaming Con-gress, and people on the left were blam-ing Republicans. They were blaming all gun owners who were out there, and they were blaming anyone they could think of for this terrorist attack. The actual person responsible for killing 49 people that day is Omar Mateen, an Is-lamic terrorist. There is something wrong with this aversion they have to talking about the real cause of these tragedies that are going on right now around the Na-tion. By immediately politicizing this act of terrorism, the left has denied the victims, their families, and their friends our full attention and our care. They have denied the Nation a period of mourning for those we lost at the hands of a terrorist who pledged alle-giance to the Islamic state. Last week my colleagues on the other side of the aisle participated in a filibuster against gun rights, and they have continued to demonize those who still believe in the Constitution and the rights that it protects. I am not just talking about gun rights, I am talking about the right to due process, the right to be innocent until proven guilty. In fact, in their effort to twist this act of terrorism into a need to curtail our constitutional rights, the Wash-ington Post—we are talking about the Washington Post. That is not one of the more conservative publications around. They gave the arguments that they were using against guns three out of four Pinocchios for the way that they falsely twisted information to fit their narrative. Pinocchio means they have studied it, they have looked at it, and they have decided what they said wasn’t true. The left was given a chance for the Senate to vote on their gun control proposals, which would not have pre-vented this terrorist act from hap-pening, and their proposals ultimately failed to progress in the Senate. Mean-while, Democrats voted against the amendments that would strengthen our gun laws and keep guns out of the hands of terrorists while protecting the rights of due process. Over the past week, you have heard my friends on the left say that if you can’t fly, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. Well, this sounds good, and a lot of the media has kind of bought into this idea, but you can’t take away the fact that flying is a privilege in this country and gun ownership is a right that is guaranteed by the Constitution. That is a huge difference. You cannot take away a constitutionally protected right without notice and a fair and im-partial hearing. Denying someone their civil rights based on secret lists is unconstitu-tional. I think everyone knows that, and it will be struck down by the courts. Everybody knows that, but it sounds so good right now to say every-one is going to want to be for gun con-trol. One of the things people forget is they are trying to pass laws that are going to offend the rights of gun own-ers when, by definition, a criminal breaks laws, a terrorist breaks laws. Consequently, you would have only those individuals who are law-abiding citizens complying with the law. It is a very simple concept. Again, everyone knows that, but given the ir-refutable evidence of Mateen’s motiva-tions, many wonder why the adminis-tration, supported by the Democrats, is so focused on policies that don’t ad-dress the core cause of this horrific act—terrorism and the influence of radical Islam here in the United States of America. The answer is simple. Focusing on the root cause and Mateen’s motiva-tions will only further expose the fact that the policies of this administra-tion, supported by most of his own party in Congress, have been a com-plete failure. Time and again, the President’s rhetoric on ISIL, terrorism, and the threat to America is proven wrong in reality. In January of 2014, the President re-ferred to ISIL as a JV squad and downplayed their threat and influence. Yet just 4 days before he dismissed ISIL as a minor player in the Middle East, they had captured and raised the flag over Fallujah, where our marines fought and died. My State director is Brian Hackler. I first met Brian Hackler when I was in Fallujah. That was right after—we all remember; I am sure the Presiding Of-ficer remembers—they were taking the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.017 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4441 June 22, 2016 
fingerprints of the heroic people who were risking their lives to vote over there, and we won in Fallujah. It was like World War II, door-to-door com-bat. We actually won. Brian Hackler came back. I hired him after he came back. He is doing a great job for me now. When I called him and I had to tell him that we had lost Fallujah after we had Fallujah in our hands, he literally cried. He had friends who died over there. Furthermore, the President failed to recognize the threat posed by the Mus-lim Brotherhood. President Obama cre-ated the vacuum in the Middle East that gave rise to ISIL. He downplayed Benghazi. I remember he tried to blame it on a video. I can remember that because I talked to James Clapper, and I talked to all of the intelligence people right after that happened. I did so because of my posi-tion at that time as ranking member on the Armed Services Committee. They all said at the time of Benghazi they knew that it was a terrorist at-tack. It had nothing to do with the video. The President also said that ISIL was contained hours before the attack on Paris. The threat to our country and our se-curity is increasing—Fort Hood, Bos-ton, San Bernardino, and now Orlando. The attacks are not the fault of the West, they are the fault of radical Islam. Somehow the administration can’t say it. They can’t say radical Islam. Most recently we heard from the White House that ISIL is retreating. This is from President Obama—that ISIL is retreating, it is declining and losing territory and losing funds, but just last week CIA Director John Bren-nan testified before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and he said: ‘‘Our efforts have not reduced ISIL’s terrorism capability and global reach.’’ Furthermore, Brennan went on to say: ‘‘ISIL is probably exploring a variety of means for infiltrating operatives into the West, including the refugee flows, smuggling routes and the legitimate methods of travel.’’ That is a quote from him. So we have the President on one hand saying it is contained, we are successful, ISIL is disappearing, at the same time the CIA Director he appointed is telling us the truth—that we are losing, and this is serious. I have looked back wistfully at the good old days of the Cold War. I never thought I would say ‘‘the good old days of the Cold War,’’ but in reality we are in a much greater threatened position today than we ever were in the Cold War. In the Cold War, we had two su-perpowers. We knew what they had. They knew what we had. We were pre-dictable. It was mutually assured de-struction. That doesn’t mean anything anymore. These people want to break the law. It was incredible testimony John Brennan gave before the Senate com-mittee, in light of the administration’s talking points, and it should have all of us seeking ways to ensure they are not successful. However, policy proposals to combat these threats—extra vetting of the refugees, pausing the refugee program, the stepping up of border pro-tection and enforcing our immigrations laws through visa enforcement—are all ignored by this administration. They would rather paint us, the Republicans, as arms dealers to terrorists and yet remain silent on the President’s deal with Iran, the No. 1 state sponsor of terrorism. I can remember when the President, with the Secretary of State, put to-gether the deal with Iran. This was going to see Iran all of a sudden change. Today, Iran is still the chief supplier of terrorist activity around the world. Yet we released billions of dollars to them through this deal that was made. It is interesting. I happened to be on the USS—I can’t remember which one it was, one of the aircraft carriers in the Persian Gulf at the same time this deal was being put together by the President and by the Secretary of State. That is when we found that there was an Iranian ship that was car-rying weapons from North Korea to Yemen at the very time they were pledging their love for us and they were working with us in this program. Their deal with Iran is giving them the resources necessary to support ter-rorism. ISIL and similar radical groups seek to extinguish our freedoms and to terrorize, kill, and oppress anyone who lives counter to their extreme ide-ology. No matter how they carry out their evil, their mission will always be superseded by our Nation’s laws. We have to protect the Constitution, sup-port law-abiding citizens’ rights to due process and to bear arms and to focus on the real threat: Islamic terrorism, radical Islam. I just wish the administration would talk about this—this greatest threat to our Nation. We are doing something— though this is totally unrelated, but it is something that happened in my State of Oklahoma earlier this week. Earlier this week, the county commis-sioners in my city of Tulsa and in my State of Oklahoma voted to renew a memorandum of understanding with ICE—that is Immigration and Customs Enforcement—to detain their inmates and train local deputies to refer threats of violent criminals to the Fed-eral authorities. Entering into a memorandum of un-derstanding—an MOU—had been a rou-tine procedure until last week, when it was derailed by illegal immigrant ac-tivists—the same type of activists we see across the country pushing sanc-tuary policies, policies to give sanc-tuary to terrorists and policies to pro-tect criminal aliens, allowing them to continue committing crimes against our citizens such as the one we saw with the murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco almost a year ago. Law enforcement across the country takes part in this program so they can do their job of keeping criminals off the streets. However, their efforts are continually frustrated by liberal activ-ists seeking to shield those same crimi-nals from the consequences of their ac-tions. We should stand with our friends in law enforcement, in their commu-nities, who are working every day to ensure our safety and the safety of oth-ers. Whether criminal immigrants are here illegally or legally, it should not be controversial to deny them the privilege of staying in our country, and we should remove them from our com-munities until they are removed from our country. When we refuse to do it, we reward their behavior and give them an opportunity to continue to commit violent crimes. Why is this such a big deal? In 2014— and people heard this way back in 2014 but they have forgotten it. During the year of 2014, the Obama administration released over 30,000 criminal aliens from custody, and by July of last year—so now we are talking about in the first 6 months after they released 30,000 criminal aliens—1,800 of them went on to commit over 2,500 new crimes. That may not be believable, and be-cause it is not believable, a lot of peo-ple don’t believe it, but it actually hap-pened. It is a fact the Obama adminis-tration released over 30,000 criminal aliens, and 6 months later, 1,800 of them—that we know of, probably more than that—went on to commit crimes. Instead of deporting people who shouldn’t be here, the administration released them back onto our streets, where they committed new, prevent-able crimes, including assault, sex of-fenses, kidnappings, and even homi-cide. Between 2010 and 2015, we had 135 pre-ventable homicides occur in our com-munities across the country by crimi-nal aliens who had been released by this administration. Now, this is very difficult to believe, and certainly it is not acceptable. The excuse the admin-istration uses is two little known Su-preme Court cases that determined criminal aliens cannot be detained in the United States for more than 6 months while awaiting deportation. However, there are many factors which can prevent a deportation from taking place within the 6-month period. It is interesting that excuse is being used, and in order to take away this ex-cuse, I introduced the Keep Our Com-munities Safe Act during the past two Congresses, and I am introducing it today as an amendment—amendment No. 4732—to the CJS appropriations bill. This legislation would allow the Department of Homeland Security to petition the courts to hold a criminally convicted alien for a renewable 6- month period until deportation occurs, if the Secretary deems the alien would be a threat to national security or the safety of the community, among other reasons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.018 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4442 June 22, 2016 
We are talking about communities. This is back home. This is my commu-nity. This is where this is happening and throughout America. Some organi-zations, such as the ACLU and other liberal organizations, believe this bill amounts to indefinite detention, in vio-lation of a criminal’s due process rights. However, in addition to the specified circumstances of continued detention I just mentioned, this bill re-quires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security—that is what they are supposed to be doing—to re-certify the person is a threat every 6 months. In other words, if this person is a threat, rather than automatically turning them loose in 6 months, he can recertify the fact they are a threat and every 6 months continue to keep them. Furthermore, an alien can submit evi-dence for review of his or her detention and will still have access to our courts, giving judges a say in the process. We were unable to get this added in the last 2 years. I can’t imagine, after all the things that have happened just this year—and of course right on the heels of the disaster that just hap-pened—I can’t imagine people wouldn’t want to do this, do everything they can to keep from turning these people loose. I go back and repeat that this admin-istration turned loose 30,000 criminal aliens onto the streets—this was in the year of 2014—and in the first 6 months in the following year, they had actu-ally committed more crimes. So there is this thing about turning people loose. It is very similar to what the administration is doing in Gitmo. We passed a law, actually in the com-mittee. Let me make an inquiry of the Chair. Are we on a time requirement here? The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). No, Senator, we are not. Mr. INHOFE. The Presiding Officer is a member of the Committee on Armed Services who may very well remember when we passed a law, and that law said the President was not going to be able to release anyone from Gitmo until 30 days’ notice is given to the Senate Committee on Armed Services. The President signed that bill and a matter of hours later released the Taliban Five. Everybody remembers the Taliban Five. They were the most egregious of all the terrorists who were in Gitmo. We don’t know what they are doing now. Supposedly they are in Qatar or someplace under some supervision, but it happens that the recidivism rate of those who have been released from Gitmo is 30 percent. In other words, 30 percent of those released are back try-ing to kill Americans again. It is unacceptable, and it is very similar to this. Whether it is releasing people—terrorists from Gitmo—to go out and kill Americans or releasing people who are criminal aliens from our cities and towns, it is a problem, a serious problem, and we are going to have to address this problem, and we are going to address it. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMPROMISE GUN LEGISLATION  
Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I rise this afternoon to discuss the pend-ing legislation that would prevent ter-rorists from being able to legally pur-chase guns. This general topic of back-ground checks for legal firearms sales is not new to me. It is an issue I have been wrestling with for some years now. Shortly after the horrific murders at Sandy Hook Elementary School, my Democratic colleague, Senator J
OE M
ANCHIN from West Virginia, and I teamed up and worked together and produced a bipartisan bill designed to ensure that we would do background checks for commercial gun sales. So if someone wants to buy a firearm through a commercial mechanism—not a private transaction, like from a sib-ling or a neighbor or friend, but a com-mercial sale—they would be subject to a background check so that for the very criminals who have forfeited their Second Amendment rights and those who are dangerously mentally ill who also should not have guns, we would find a mechanism to prevent the sales. That was legislation that I worked on with Senator M
ANCHIN . As I said, it was bipartisan. It still marks the closest the Senate has come to passing legisla-tion dealing with background checks in a meaningful way in quite some time. But we were not successful. It did not pass. Then on June 12, we saw the worst terror attack on American soil since 9/11, an unbelievable massacre in Or-lando that left 49 people dead and an-other 53 grievously wounded. It has raised the question of whether now there is an opportunity to do some-thing to make it illegal—make it more difficult, if not impossible—for a ter-rorist whom we already deem to be too dangerous to board a plane to buy a firearm. There are other things we need to be doing—a lot of other things we need to be doing—to keep us safe from the ter-rorists who want to kill Americans. We need to take stronger measures to keep them from entering the United States in the first place. We need to make sure they can’t escape detention and capture. We need to make sure that local law enforcement is cooperating with Federal law enforcement and DHS folks. There are a lot of things we can do. But one of the things we can do is the very simple measure that the Collins legislation addresses. This is too im-portant an issue to be partisan. I took to the Senate floor last week to urge my colleagues. We had a number of our Democratic colleagues engaging in a filibuster, in an impassioned series of speeches about how important it was that we do something. My message was simply this: Let’s stop talking, and let’s actually do it. Let’s actually find the mechanism, find the solution here. There are two aspects we need to consider, in my view, in this legisla-tion. One is that we want to block a terrorist from buying a firearm. I don’t think that should be terribly con-troversial. But the second thing that is also very important to me—and I think to many of our colleagues—is to make sure that an innocent American who is wrongly put on the list has the oppor-tunity to clear his or her name so that their Second Amendment rights are not infringed upon. That is the chal-lenge, it seems to me, and it is not rocket science. This is something we can do. So I actually drafted a bill that does that. I think the bill works very, very well. Senator COLLINS took a different approach and used a different mecha-nism for getting the same result. In the end, Senator C
OLLINS has legislation now that has significant bipartisan support. It is a compromise bill that I think strikes the right balance. As I announced yesterday, I intend to sup-port her legislation. There is no ques-tion—it is an objective fact—that if Senator C
OLLINS ’ legislation becomes law, the Attorney General will have a tool that the Attorney General does not have today. It is a tool that will stop terrorists from being able to le-gally buy a gun. It is as simple as that. That is what it does. Importantly, to me and to many of my colleagues, it also provides the mechanisms whereby an innocent law-abiding American who is wrongly put on a no-fly list will be able to clear his or her name. I think that is very, very important. The starting point for the Collins leg-islation is that if you are on the no-fly list, then you don’t get to buy a gun. Now, let’s think about this. If we deem a person to be so dangerous that we deny them the opportunity to board a commercial plane, should we really allow that person to walk down the street, walk into a firearms dealer, and buy an AR–15? I don’t think that makes sense. I think most of us prob-ably agree. That is a short list, actu-ally, of people we deem to be so dan-gerous that we don’t let them board a plane. It is pretty sensible, from my point of view, to also preclude a fire-arms purchase. Then we have the selectee list. That is a separate list that subjects people to enhanced scrutiny because there is serious suspicion. It doesn’t quite rise to the level of the no-fly list, but there is serious suspicion. So those people also would be denied a firearm. Now, as with the approach that I took, Senator C
OLLINS ’ legislation has a whole series of procedures, policies, and mecha-nisms to ensure that if someone is wrongly put on this list, they will have a way to get off the list. We know for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.019 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4443 June 22, 2016 
a fact that eventually some people will be put wrongly on the list because peo-ple make mistakes. Governments make mistakes. In fact, someone could even try to abuse the list. So we need to have a mechanism to make sure that an innocent person can have their name taken off. Senator C
OLLINS , I think, achieves that. She creates an adversarial challenge mechanism in court where the burden of proof is on the Federal Government to prove that the individual who has been denied the opportunity to buy a gun should be de-nied that—in other words, that the per-son is properly on the list. As in my legislation, if the individual succeeds in his challenge—if he says: I was de-nied the opportunity to buy this fire-arm; I am not the John Smith that you think I am and here is my proof—and the person wins, the U.S. Government would pay all of his reasonable attor-ney’s fees and costs, as should be the case. The person shouldn’t be finan-cially penalized for simply clearing his or her own name. Also, there needs to be a meaningful deadline for a court to make a deci-sion. In the case of the Collins legisla-tion it is 14 days. Otherwise, a court case could go on indefinitely. That wouldn’t be right, either. So the bottom line is simple. This legislation is a sensible, reasonable way to achieve the balance that I have been calling for—to make it illegal for a suspected terrorist, someone we won’t allow to board a plane, to buy a gun, and, at the same time, to create a mechanism for someone wrongly put on the list to clear their name. Last week we had quite a number of our colleagues down here on the Senate floor. As I said, they were giving im-passioned speeches about how essential it was that we do something. What we are going to find out is whether that was sincere or whether that was polit-ical. That is what we are going to find out because this legislation achieves exactly what our colleagues said they wanted. It may not do it in exactly the same fashion in every little detail. It is not exactly the same as the legislation I have proposed. But it is bipartisan. There are, at last count, at least five Members of the Democratic caucus who are on this bill. There are at least a comparable number of Republicans. There are probably more who are going to support this. It is really going to be a test of whether this body is serious about what it says it is serious about— whether the folks who came down here and gave impassioned speeches about how important it is we do something really want to get something done, or do they want a political message to run ads about? I hope it is the former. I hope we are going to be able to get something done. As to Senator C
OLLINS  and the other Senators she worked with, I appreciate the input she took from me and my office to craft a sen-sible, workable compromise bill that has bipartisan support that will achieve those two important goals of making sure that the bad guys can’t buy guns and the good guys get a chance to clear their name and don’t have their Second Amendment rights infringed. That is what this is about. We need to have a vote on this, and we need to have a vote soon. I hope we will have a vote this week. But this is an opportunity for this body to take a big step forward and get something done with a bipartisan compromise bill that makes a lot of sense. We are going to have a test, and I hope this Chamber will pass the test. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I want to start by thanking my col-league, Senator MIKULSKI , for her lead-ership in the fight for equal pay for equal work. It has been 50 years since the signing of the Equal Pay Act. But despite how far women have come, de-spite all the progress women have made and the ways women contribute across our economy, women still only make 79 cents on the dollar. The gap is even wider for women of color: for Afri-can-American women, 60 cents on the dollar; for Native American women, 59 cents on the dollar; and for Hispanic women, 55 cents on the dollar. This status quo is not only deeply un-fair to women, but it is also bad for families and it is bad for our economy because today 60 percent of working families rely on wages from two earn-ers. We have to do better. That is why I was so pleased when earlier this year the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission took a very important step in the right direction with a mod-est proposal to collect pay data on a form that employers already submit in order to accomplish one goal—making sure that we have solid information about how employers pay their male and female workers. This proposal is pretty straight-forward. It brings new and much need-ed transparency to workplaces and might even help businesses address pay gaps that they weren’t even aware ex-isted. It would also make enforcement of pay discrimination laws more effec-tive and efficient. Especially when it comes to an issue like wage discrimi-nation, I would like to think it would be hard to argue against more trans-parency and more effective enforce-ment because when women are not get-ting equal pay for equal work, we should be able to find out about it and we should be able to fix it. It is disappointing that Republicans in both the House and the Senate are opposing that proposal. That is abso-lutely the wrong approach. What makes this even more surprising is that just weeks ago I was very proud to stand right here to introduce a resolu-tion in the Senate calling for equal pay for equal work for the U.S. women’s national soccer team. It was a resolu-tion that recognized the impact of the wage gap on women and the need to fix it, and it passed by voice vote. Given that the Senate was able to agree on the seriousness of this prob-lem, I would like to give all my col-leagues an opportunity today to take another step forward—not backward— on equal pay for equal work. I have filed an amendment that would provide much needed new resources to ensure this important proposal can be imple-mented and finalized as quickly as pos-sible. I urge our colleagues to support the amendment and oppose efforts by some in the Republican Party to stand in the way of better information and enforcement on pay equity. It should go without saying, but if a woman still isn’t getting equal pay in the 21st century, she deserves to know and she deserves action. This rule would take critical steps in the right direction for women, families, and our country as a whole, and I hope that our Republican colleagues will not stand in its way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I rise as an enthusiastic supporter of the Murray amendment requiring the EEOC to implement the change rec-ommended by President Obama that would add compensation data to its employment data form, and also to provide it with $1 million to be able to pay for its implementation. First, I would like to salute the Sen-ator from Washington State, who has been a longstanding and assertive ad-vocate of equal pay for equal work for women. I thank her for her ongoing, persistent advocacy. I so admire this amendment, which insists we develop even better tools to pinpoint those companies with over 100 employees in terms of their pay. The Senator from Washington State was right there when we passed the Lilly Ledbetter bill. She has been right there as we tried to move to the next step on the Paycheck Fairness Act, and now today she is here to implement the EEOC rule that would also help to do the kind of work we need to do to en-sure that the Equal Pay Act of 1963, a major civil rights law which guaran-teed equal pay for equal work, is en-forced. We spent days talking about en-forcement of civil rights laws. Let’s en-force the law passed over 50 years ago to guarantee equal pay for equal work. Here is a quick history. The Lilly Ledbetter bill kept the courthouse door open for when people wanted to file wage discrimination based on gender claims. That courthouse door was slammed in the face of Lilly and other women who found out too late about what they were paid. We kept the courthouse door open. Then, we intro-duced the Paycheck Fairness Act. The Paycheck Fairness Act would get rid of the other barriers to women getting equal pay for equal work. One of the biggest barriers is that pay is kept a secret. One of the biggest secrets in the United States, other than national security, is what women 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.021 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4444 June 22, 2016 
get paid in the workplace. Let’s keep it our little secret, they say. In fact, in many instances, you have to sign an agreement in order to be hired that you will not disclose your pay to an-other worker. If you do, you can be fired. We are not talking about small busi-nesses. We are not talking about those mom-and-pop stores like my dad’s gro-cery store. But I can assure you that my father paid equal pay for equal work to my mother. But in January, our President—President Obama—an-nounced that the EEOC would add com-pensation data to its employment data form that companies must submit an-nually that will help shed light on the wage gap across geographic regions and industries. Our colleague from Tennessee, the distinguished Senator, Mr. A
LEXANDER , has introduced an amendment pre-venting this change from going into ef-fect. We had dueling amendments. I am for the Murray amendment. It requires the EEOC to implement the Obama change and provides $1 million to do it. What is the EEO–1 form? It is the em-ployer information report that requires companies to submit information an-nually about their employees based on race, ethnicity, gender, and job cat-egory. So it is equal pay, equal work. The form helps identify and prevent discrimination and protects employees’ civil rights. In January, President Obama an-nounced that companies with over 100 employees—remember, this is over 100 employees—must include compensa-tion data on their EEO–1 form that would identify the wage gap based on gender and ethnicity across regions. This change has been strongly sup-ported by many of us, and I support it. Much is said about the President overreaching. I don’t get it. Some-times—often, the President is being criticized on the other side of the aisle for not doing too much—that he is not a leader, that he is not a fighter, that he is not a champion. I take exception to that. I think he is a leader. I think he is a fighter, and I think he is a champion, and he certainly has been that on behalf of the empowerment of women and girls. What did he do? He exercised his Executive authority to declare that the EEOC action on pay data collection would do this. The EEOC, in partnership with Department of Labor, has a proposal to annually collect summary pay data—as I said, in addition to gender, race, and ethnicity, which it already collects—from compa-nies with over 100 employees. This pro-posal would cover 63 million employ-ees. It stems from a recommendation of the President’s Equal Pay Task Force in a Presidential memorandum issued in 2014. It will help focus public en-forcement of equal pay laws and pro-vide better insight into discriminatory pay practices across industries. Today the EEOC is proposing revi-sions to its longstanding form to re-quire these companies, not just con-tractors, to provide this information. It would go across 10 job categories and 12 pay bands, but it would not require the reporting of specific salaries of in-dividual employees. Remember, the re-port is on the basis of job category and pay band. We won’t know if Suzy Smith gets paid more or less than Sam Jones. What we will know is what they are paying computer operators. We will know what they are paying lab techni-cians. These are jobs that tend to be gender neutral. We will know if you are working in a call center or a firm that employs 100 people that you would be able to do it. Remember, it covers 63 million people. The proposal is broader than one that was originally published by the Depart-ment of Labor, and it lays important groundwork for progress towards achieving equal pay. It will encourage and facilitate greater voluntary com-pliance by employers dealing with ex-isting Federal pay law. It will also as-sist the EEOC, and in case of contrac-tors, in better focusing investigations on employers that are unlawfully short-changing workers based on gen-der, race, or ethnicity. It wouldn’t go into effect until September 2017. Why is this important? It covers only companies of 100 or more employees. It will affect 63 million people. Nobody’s personal privacy will be impinged upon because it is information with job cat-egory and pay band. But it will show, first of all, which are the good-guy companies. These become the best places to work. My gosh, this can be a small recruitment tool. You go to work for X company, and they do pay equal pay for equal work. But if it has been a persistent pattern of egregious viola-tion of unequal pay for doing the same job, it enables sparse resources at the EEOC to be targeted. One, I say cheers to President Obama for taking leadership to get to the real facts of the matter, and to pinpoint who the egregious violators are that employ more than 100 people. So, again, there is no negative impact on small business, and it gives no personal information, but does give corporate information. I think the Obama action was outstanding, and I think the Mur-ray amendment defending the Obama action is exactly what is needed on this bill to take the very important steps of ensuring the enforcement of civil rights laws passed by Presidents Ken-nedy and Johnson that said equal pay for equal work. I am sure there will be additional de-bate on this issue. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLIMATE CHANGE AND FOSSIL FUELS  
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, global warming is the most grave con-cern facing human civilization on this planet. We are the first generation to see the impact, and that impact is oc-curring in so many ways right before us. In my home State of Oregon, we are seeing the impact on our forests, which has resulted in a longer and drier fire season that burns more acreage and has more lightning strikes. We are see-ing smaller snowpacks, and that is hav-ing an impact on our agriculture and trout streams. Everyone realizes that a smaller, warmer stream is not a pleas-ant place for trout to thrive. We are even seeing it in our Pacific Ocean oys-ters. The oysters are having trouble re-producing. They are having troubling reproducing because the ocean is more acidic. Because of the wave action, the oceans have absorbed a lot of the car-bon dioxide, which has become car-bonic acid, and the carbonic acid af-fects the formation of shells. These im-pacts are having a steady, detrimental impact, and it is occurring right before our eyes. It is affecting our fishing, farming, and forestry, and it is an as-sault on our resources. It is incumbent on all of us, this generation, to address these issues. What we know is that the impacts we have seen in Oregon are being echoed in States across the country and na-tions across the globe. If you go to the Northeast, you might hear folks talk-ing about how the moose are dying be-cause the ticks aren’t being killed by winters that are cold enough. You might hear about the migration of lob-sters going north to find colder water, and so on and so forth. We are seeing it everywhere. We know that in order to prevent the temperature of the planet from going up more than 2 degrees Centigrade, which is about 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, we have to leave the vast bulk of our proven fossil fuel preserves in the ground. In other words, we have seen a 1-degree increase in temperature Centi-grade, which is about 1.8 degrees Fahr-enheit—almost 2 degrees—and that has come from burning fossil fuels. If we keep burning them, it will have a dev-astating impact and will burn up the planet. We have to stop and quickly pivot off of fossil fuels. We have identified vast reserves of gas, oil, and coal across the planet, which is worth a lot of money, so of course the owners want to pull it out of the ground and sell it to be burned. Somehow we have to find the political will to take this on and leave 80 per-cent of those proven fossil fuel reserves in the ground. That is the magnitude of the challenge, and we can do all kinds of things that will help. We can produce more renewable energy, we can produce more conservation, and we can proceed to find ways to pull carbon out of smokestacks and store it in the ground, or at least we can try. We need to approach it from every possible angle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.023 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4445 June 22, 2016 
I will keep coming to the floor, as I have before, to talk about keeping it in the ground. I especially wanted to em-phasize that because when we simply talk about saving energy—like putting more insulation in a building, install-ing double-pane windows, or better mileage for cars—we aren’t embracing the size of the challenge we are facing. It is an extraordinarily difficult chal-lenge, and it is up to our generation to address it. When I come to the floor, sometimes I will be speaking about the math be-hind the temperature increase, such as how the amount of carbon dioxide and methane in the air is changing the at-mosphere of our planet. Other times I will be talking about the calamities we are seeing on the ground, things I have already mentioned, such as the pine beetles that are thriving because the winter is not cold enough to kill the pine beetles and ticks or the coral reefs that are bleaching across our planet. I will also highlight emerging tech-nologies because we have to realize that as much as we talk about the problem, we also have to talk about ef-forts to address the problem. I will pick out various ideas and efforts that are appearing in our newspapers and sci-entific literature, and that is what I will do today. The first innovation I will highlight today is about a strategy in Iceland to store carbon dioxide in the ground. This is one of the carbon capture strat-egies. This is not easy to do, and there are many different scientists working on different ways to attempt to cap-ture carbon, but this is a new one, so I thought it merited discussion. Scientists at Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University invented a way to store carbon dioxide. It was invented here in America at Co-lumbia University. They have found a way to store carbon dioxide by first dissolving the gas in water and then storing that water in rocks, where it reacts to form the mineral calcite. The calcite will then store the carbon diox-ide as a solid deep underground. This project at Columbia University being experimented with in Iceland is called CarbFix. They pumped about 250 tons of carbon dioxide, which was mixed with water, into rocks in 2012. When they came back in 2014, they found that 95 percent of the carbon di-oxide had become calcite. While there are some very specific requirements to make this particular technology work, such as the right kind of rock, the right amount of water, and the carbon dioxide being generated close to the right kind of rocks, it is an example of innovative technology that could prove useful as another tool in the fight against climate change. A second idea that is starting to ex-pand is to recognize that we can put solar panels in a variety of places—not just on the ground and on our rooftops but also on bodies of water. This was reported in May 2016. This is referred to as floating solar. Here we have a lake, and we can see these floating solar panels. Floating solar panels have several potential ad-vantages over land-based panels. One advantage is more efficient cooling, and a second is that they might create less of an eyesore for the public. They might prevent surface water from evaporating, which can be a side effect that would be useful. Japanese, Australian, and U.S. com-panies are currently pursuing this technology. There is a planned array—50,904 pan-els floating on the Yamakura Dam res-ervoir in Japan. It would generate 16,000 megawatt hours annually, or to translate that to something more un-derstandable, they could power 5,000 homes for a year, so it is significant. In the United States, there is a winery in California, and it goes by the name of Far Niente. They have combined both land and water arrays, and that com-bination produces 477 kilowatts of elec-tricity at its peak. It is expected to pay for itself by 2020, or maybe sooner, so it has a high rate of return. These float-ing panels provide an opportunity for cheaper, out-of-the-way energy genera-tion that has the potential to protect reservoirs from evaporation and water loss. We must continue to invest and en-courage innovative technologies— floating solar panels are one example— to make renewable energy adaptable to all environments, usable all over the world. I thought I would highlight a third technology. One of the biggest uses of fossil fuel is vehicles. Vehicles burn gasoline and diesel. Oftentimes when the vehicle finally gets up to speed, it suddenly has to brake for a red light. Let’s say you are traveling at 35 miles per hour on an urban road and you sud-denly stop. You are wasting enormous amounts of energy. All of the momen-tum with that mass—that car or truck—traveling down the road is then converted primarily into heat through your brakes. That heat is lost, and it is not recaptured. Along the way, as different compa-nies started exploring electric cars, they said: We already have electric mo-tors. We already have a battery sizable enough to accommodate quite a bit of electricity. Why don’t we try to cap-ture that energy from the braking process and put it back in the battery? What they do is they utilize magnets, and as the magnets go through a field, that field creates resistance, it pro-duces a current, and that current— those electrons are stored in the bat-tery. This is called regenerative brak-ing, and we have seen this on a variety of electric cars. It just makes sense, since they already have an electric drive and they have the batteries to ac-commodate it. We have seen a lot of interest in elec-tric cars. Recently, Tesla put out an invitation for people to put down $1,000 and get in line to buy their Model 3. They had the Roadster, they had the Model S, and now the Model 3. The Model 3 will be cost competitive with the Chevy Volt. It is going to be much cheaper than their previous cars. Their waiting list has already grown beyond 400,000 people—an enormous, unprece-dented response. Tesla cars, like the Volt and other electric cars, use regenerative braking, but what I wanted to highlight today is an effort to apply this in new ways. UPS, the United Parcel Service, has a fleet of delivery trucks and they have invested in hybrid electric vehicles and they have used regenerative braking. Last October, they announced the de-ployment of 18 new delivery vehicles that use regenerative braking to reach pretty much close to a zero-emissions status. They have to take into account the source of the initial electrons that are used to charge the trucks. In their announcement, they esti-mated those 18 delivery trucks, by using clean technologies, would save 1.1 million gallons of diesel fuel over 20 years. When we start talking about anything that includes the word ‘‘mil-lion,’’ such as 1 million gallons, that is a lot of savings from just 18 delivery trucks. Even more recently, we have an arti-cle in which Mack Trucks is developing the ability to use regenerative braking on garbage trucks. They have devel-oped a new electric hybrid garbage truck. It incorporates a powertrain technology developed by Wrightspeed. Wrightspeed powertrains use electric motors to drive the wheels of the trucks, and the motors are powered by batteries on board the trucks, which are then recharged from the regenera-tive braking when the garbage truck comes to a stop. The point is, when you have a very heavy truck that accelerates and stops often, it wastes a vast amount of en-ergy, and now they are working to de-sign an effective drive train to recap-ture that energy. The founder of Wrightspeed, Ian Wright, says this new technology can power these vehicles for a substantial distance, and very heavy vehicles—66,000 pounds—it can power them up pretty steep hills. A 40- percent grade is a very steep hill. The main point is, it is capturing that energy that would otherwise be lost every time they stop. If you have watched a garbage truck go down the street, it stops, the men and women on board jump off, pick up the garbage cans, dump them into the truck, and then they accelerate and four houses later they are stopping again. So this is a very appropriate application. I wonder how much energy would be saved if every car in America had re-generative braking. Almost every car is used in an urban setting where there is lots and lots of braking. How much would be saved if our light pickups had regenerative braking? How much en-ergy would be saved if every delivery van that is heavy and starts up and stops many times—how much would be saved? At some other point, I want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.024 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4446 June 22, 2016 
try to put together a calculation of that because it could be a substantial contributor. Each of these technologies I have mentioned today—a new strategy on storing carbon dioxide underground, a new way of deploying solar panels through floating solar panels, an ex-pansion of the use of regenerative braking—represent modest efforts in this effort to take on this large chal-lenge of global warming. Added to-gether, they can make a great dif-ference and other technologies to come will make a great difference. It is our challenge. It is our genera-tion’s responsibility to pivot quickly off of fossil fuels, and these strategies can help. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
FIGHTING TERRORISM  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last week, flags across the country were lowered to half-staff to honor the 49 lives which were lost in the terrorist attack in Orlando. The American flag also flew at half-staff following ter-rorist attacks in Brussels in March, in San Bernardino last December, and in Paris last November. The flag is a symbol. It has great meaning and so do words. When we talk about the enemy, the words we use have meaning too, but now is not the time to talk. Now is the time to act. We must take action to stop the terrorists here and abroad. That is why last week Republicans were eager to get to work on appropria-tions bills that give the FBI more of the resources they need to stop the threats on American soil. The bill that would give law enforcement officials more tools to help prevent terrorist at-tacks was brought up and discussed on the floor, but what did the Democrats do? They came to the floor and staged a campaign-style publicity stunt. When Democrats were talking on the floor, Republicans attended a briefing by the FBI Director to listen—not to lecture, as Democrats were doing—but to listen and to get the facts about the specifics of what happened in Orlando. When Democrats held press conferences and sent out tweets, Republicans were pushing for the Defense Authorization Act that finally passed. This legisla-tion actually does something by help-ing our military take on terrorist threats. It is directed at organizing the Pentagon to confront new threats. Democrats actually tried to block the legislation, and President Obama has threatened to veto it. President Obama went out and gave a speech last week in which he said ISIL is on the defense. We remember when he compared ISIL to the JV team. Well, now the President says they are on defense. He bragged about all the success he has had fighting terrorists. Then, his CIA Director, John Bren-nan, came to Capitol Hill. He came to speak to the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee about what is happening with ISIS. He said, ‘‘Our efforts have not re-duced the group’s terrorism capability and global reach.’’ Does the President not believe his own CIA Director? The CIA Director said that ISIS is adapting to our efforts, ‘‘and it con-tinues to generate at least tens of mil-lions of dollars in revenue per month.’’ He said that ISIL ‘‘will intensify its global terror campaign.’’ Why does the President of the United States—the Commander in Chief— refuse to accept the words of the CIA Director—his own CIA Director? The CIA Director came to the Senate and said that ‘‘ISIS is training and at-tempting to deploy operatives for fur-ther attacks.’’ Why does the President intentionally try to deceive the American people in terms of thinking about what the at-tacks are and what is happening? Why does the President want to say all is well? The CIA Director said that ISIL ‘‘has a large cadre of Western fighters who could potentially serve as operatives for further attacks.’’ The President seems to suggest the problem is not coming from the terror-ists but coming from the Second Amendment of the Constitution. Whom should we believe, the Presi-dent of the United States or his CIA Director? Somebody asked the CIA Di-rector at the hearing last week if ISIL would be weaker if they didn’t have a safe haven in Syria and in Iraq. The CIA Director replied: 
That is a big, big part of it. We need to take away their safe haven. 
Terrorists use these safe havens to train, to raise money, and to plot more attacks. That should be the focus of President Obama and the Obama ad-ministration in response to Orlando. The administration and the Presi-dent want to pretend it is succeeding in getting rid of the safe havens abroad. That is simply not true. The terrorist army of ISIL controls a significant amount of territory across the globe, and it is not just ISIL. There are also additional terrorist groups. The Director of National Intelligence testified to Congress earlier this year that Sunni violent extremists have more safe havens ‘‘than at any other point in history.’’ He added that Al Qaeda affiliates ‘‘are positioned to make gains’’ this year. According to the United Nations, the Taliban now controls more ground in Afghanistan than at any point since 2001. Extremists groups like ISIL need the territory they control because it gives them safe havens and because the terri-tory makes them more powerful. It helps them inspire more of their fol-lowers to launch attacks around the world. It makes it seem like the ide-ology of radical Islam is winning the battle of ideas. So it is imperative that we have a real strategy to defeat ISIL and other terrorist groups abroad. We need to make sure someone in the United States or France or anywhere else in the world with an Internet con-nection does not see this radical Is-lamic ideology as victorious. That is why we need to pass the appropriations act that is on the floor today. Nobody believes that using the term ‘‘radical Islam’’ will magically defeat the enemy, but words do matter. It is interesting. I note that in the New York Times op-ed page last Fri-day, an editorial written by David Brooks—he is a columnist. The Presi-dent listens to him. He has him into the White House, and he is someone the President says he turns to. David Brooks’ column last Friday starts like this: Barack Obama is clearly wrong when he re-fuses to use the word ‘‘Islam’’ in reference to Islamic terrorism. The people who commit these acts are inflamed by a version of an Is-lamic ideology. They claim an Islamic iden-tity. 
But the President will not say it. Brooks goes on—and I think it is very informative seeing that it is David Brooks who is writing this: ‘‘Obama is using language to engineer a reaction rather than to tell the truth, which is the definition of propaganda.’’ The definition of propaganda. That is what we have. Well, if the President refuses to cor-rectly name our enemy, he can’t effec-tively fight the enemy because Demo-crats don’t understand the enemy, and it seems they just want everyone to get along. The world does not work that way. So the Democrats tried to change the topic from terrorists to going after our Second Amendment rights. When they do this, they are not confronting the real threat, which is the ability of ISIL to inspire terrorists to act. If you want to stop the terrorist threat, you need to address the real problem. We must give law enforce-ment the support they need to stop the terrorists here at home. We must give our military the strength to deprive the terrorists of their safe havens abroad. The Defense Authorization Act and this Justice appropriations legisla-tion are important steps toward doing that. Symbolic acts like lowering our flag matter, and so do words. Words matter. President Obama seems to want to take a victory lap for his efforts so far. Well, there will be no time for victory until ISIL is no more. Maybe President Obama really doesn’t understand the truth about this threat from radical Islamic terrorists. Maybe he is just not being honest with the American people about it. Either way, Congress has been told the truth by the CIA Director. And it is up to us to do something about it. The CIA Di-rector said it himself to the Senate last week. He said that ISIL ‘‘would have to suffer even heavier losses of territory and money for its terrorist capacity to decline significantly.’’ Our response to the Orlando attack should be to step up the fight against ISIS where they live. We need a real strategy to defeat the radical Islamic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.025 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4447 June 22, 2016 
terrorists and the resolve and the strength to carry it out. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. 
FOREIGN POLICY  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, in the last several days the conversation and the dispute and the rhetoric has been devoted to the issue of guns, which is certainly a worthy cause, but, unfortu-nately for the American people, the issue of how we got here has been ig-nored. Guns don’t fire themselves. Guns and weapons are fired by people. They are fired by people, and in the cases of Orlando, San Bernardino, Paris, and others, they are fired by people who have been radicalized or trained or in some coordinated fashion have inflicted murder, death, and may-hem on innocent people. While we in all our righteous indig-nation talk so strongly and so passion-ately about what we have to do about the weapons, we are ignoring exactly how all of this happened and why it happened, and it is because of the poli-cies of this President and this adminis-tration from the beginning. From the beginning this President wanted to get out of Iraq, wanted to get out of Af-ghanistan, believing in some delusional fashion that if we got out of these con-flicts, the conflict would end. Obvi-ously, that has not been true. I want to go forward and with the Senator from South Carolina, I want to go through a chronology of events very quickly. President Obama in October 2011 said: 
The tide of war is receding. . . . The long war in Iraq will come to an end by the end of this year. . . . We’re also moving into a new phase in the relationship between the United States and Iraq. We’ll partner with an Iraq that contributes to regional security and peace. . . . Just as Iraqis have persevered through war, I’m con-fident that they can build a future worthy of their history as a cradle of civilization. 
President Obama, December 2011: ‘‘We’re leaving behind a sovereign, sta-ble and self-reliant Iraq.’’ President Bush, July 2007: 
To begin withdrawing before our com-manders tell us we are ready would be dan-gerous for Iraq, for the region and for the United States. It would mean surrendering the future of Iraq to Al Qaeda. It would mean that we’d be risking mass killings on a hor-rific scale. It would mean we allow the ter-rorists to establish a safe haven in Iraq to re-place the one they lost in Afghanistan. It would mean we’d be increasing the prob-ability that American troops would have to return at some later date to confront an enemy that is even more dangerous. 
I know my colleagues have not missed it. American troops have had to return to confront an enemy that is even more dangerous, and those are the words of President George W. Bush in July of 2007. In October of 2011, at the same time that the President said that ‘‘the tide of war is receding,’’ I, myself, said: [T]his decision will be viewed as a stra-tegic victory for our enemies in the Middle East, especially the Iranian regime, which has worked relentlessly to ensure a full with-drawal of U.S. troops from Iraq. [A]ll of our military commanders with whom I have spoken on my repeated visits to Iraq have told me that U.S. national security interests and the enduring needs of Iraq’s military required a continued presence of U.S. troops in Iraq beyond 2011 to safeguard the gains that we and our Iraqi partners have made. Nearly 4,500 Americans have given their lives for our mission in Iraq. Countless more have been wounded. . . . I fear that all of the gains made possible by these brave Ameri-cans in Iraq, at such grave cost, are now at risk. 
That is what I said in October of 2011. As the situation worsened in December of 2011, I said: 
[Domestic] political considerations in [the United States and Iraq] have been allowed to trump our common security interests. All of the progress that both Iraqis and Americans have made, at such painful and substantial cost, has now been put at greater risk. 
Senators M CCAINand G RAHAM in De-cember 2011: 
If Iraq slides back into sectarian violence, the consequences will be catastrophic for the Iraqi people and U.S. interests in the Middle East, and a clear victory for al Qaeda and Iran. A deterioration of the kind we are now witnessing in Iraq was not unforeseen, and now the U.S. government must do whatever it can to help Iraqis stabilize the situation. We call upon the Obama Administration and the Iraqi government to reopen negotiations with the goal of maintaining— 
Reopen negotiations with the United States of America— 
with the goal of maintaining an effective re-sidual U.S. military presence in Iraq before the situation deteriorates further. 
What we were saying is, we didn’t have to pull everybody out of Iraq. We could have stayed. What they kept say-ing is: What we need is a status of forces agreement. The fact is that now there is no mention of a status of forces agreement, and there are 4,500 Americans there and possibly more. President Obama, January of 2014: ‘‘The analogy we use around here sometimes, and I think is accurate, is if a jayvee team puts on Lakers uni-forms that doesn’t make them Kobe Bryant.’’ He went on to say they are the JV team; ISIS is the JV. Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM in Oc-tober of 2013 wrote: 
By nearly every indicator, the situation in Iraq has worsened dramatically since the be-ginning of the conflict in Syria and the with-drawal of U.S. forces from Iraq in 2011. . . . What’s worse, the deteriorating conflict in Syria has enabled al Qaeda in Iraq to trans-form into the larger and more lethal Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), which now has a major base for operations spanning both Iraq and Syria. It may just be a matter of time until al Qaeda seeks to use its new safe haven in these countries to launch at-tacks against U.S. interests. That was what Senator G RAHAM and Senator M
CCAINsaid in October 2013. Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM , Janu-ary 2014: 
Reports that Al-Qaeda fighters have taken over Fallujah and are gaining ground in other parts of Iraq are as tragic as they are predictable. The Administration’s failure in Iraq has been compounded by its failed policy in Syria. It has sat by and refused to take any meaningful action, while the conflict has claimed more than 130,000 lives— 
It has now taken more than 400,000 lives, by the way. 
driven a quarter of the Syrian population from their homes, fueled the resurgence of Al-Qaeda, and devolved into a regional con-flict that now threatens our national secu-rity interests and the stability of Syria’s neighbors, especially Iraq. 
As the situation worsened in April of 2014, I said: 
It is reality check time in Iraq, where the Syria-Iraq border has turned into a major highway and safe haven for transnational terrorist groups. The black flags of al-Qaeda fly over the city of Fallujah, where hundreds of U.S. troops were killed and injured. Vio-lence across the country has reached the same levels as at the height of the Iraqi in-surgency in 2008, and the country is creeping dangerously close to a reignition of civil conflict. 
President Obama, September 2014: ‘‘We will degrade and ultimately de-stroy ISIL.’’ J
OHNMCCAIN, September 2014: 
The President’s plan will likely be insuffi-cient to destroy ISIS, which is the world’s largest, richest terrorist army. To destroy ISIS, create conditions for enduring security in the Middle East, and protect the Amer-ican people, additional steps are necessary. Half measures against ISIS only make it stronger and will not lead to its destruction. 
That was almost 2 years ago. Senators G
RAHAM and M CCAIN, Octo-ber of 2014: 
We continue to urge the Administration to quickly adopt a comprehensive strategy [against ISIL] and avoid the perils of gradual escalation. Degrading and ultimately destroying ISIS will require additional actions that we have long advocated, such as the deployment of U.S. Special Forces and military advisers on the ground to direct air strikes and advise our local partners; the expansion of assist-ance for moderate Syrian forces, and the es-tablishment of safe zones protected by no fly zones in Syria. . . . That is ultimately what it will take to destroy ISIS and keep Amer-ica safe, and we cannot avoid to delay any longer. 
That was nearly 2 years ago. The list goes on and on. I will make it a part of the R
ECORD . My friend is here. All during this time, while Senator G
RAHAM and I were warning time after time, using every means possible to warn the American people and our col-leagues that this thing was going to es-calate because the President of the United States did not have a strategy, his policies failed. Now we have at-tacks on the United States of America. I have been pilloried because I used the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.027 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4448 June 22, 2016 
word ‘‘personal.’’ I said I misspoke. But have no doubt about why we are where we are today, and that is because this administration, this President, called ISIL the JV, saying that if a JV team puts on Lakers uniforms, that doesn’t make them Kobe Bryant. Does anybody today believe that ISIS is JV? The list goes on and on. I want my colleague Senator G
RAHAM  to speak for a moment, and I will go on with these because we can see the com-peting statements between the admin-istration and the President and Sen-ators G
RAHAM and M CCAIN. They are starkly different. What else has happened there? The echo chamber, as was described by Mr. Rhodes, one of the President’s chief ad-visers—the echo chamber of Krugman, of Zakaria, of Friedman, of Ignatius, all the echo chambers out there saying: He’s doing fine. Everything is fine. This guy is leading great and not to worry. Things are really great. The echo chamber that Mr. Rhodes de-scribed in an article in The Atlantic about how they were able to orches-trate the Iranian agreement is out there. So as we warned—as we warned and predicted—I wish we had been wrong. I would love to stand on the floor of the Senate and say: Senator G
RAHAM and I were wrong. We didn’t have to worry about ISIS. They were the JV. We were right, and we continue to be right, and we still don’t have a strat-egy. But there is the echo chamber out there. The echo chamber that goes on and on. My friends, I believe the American people deserve better than what they are getting from this echo chamber, who are the Obamaphiles that can in-credibly—incredibly—praise all of these mistakes. Finally, I urge my colleagues—and I will go through some more of these— but my colleagues, I warn that unless we get a real strategy and stop this incrementalism, we are going to see— perhaps we will retake Fallujah, as we had. We may even retake Mosul. But this ISIS is still metastasizing and spreading throughout the world, and there is no better expert than the Di-rector of the Central Intelligence Agency, who basically said that in a hearing to not only the Members of Congress but the American people. I would like to yield for some com-ments to my friend, the Senator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Thank you very much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. I wish we were wrong too. The worst is yet to come. I hate to be saying this all the time, but as they are losing territory in Iraq, which they are, and they are being hurt some in Syria, which they are, they are becom-ing a lethal terrorist organization. They are a terrorist army now holding territory. All I can say is that you could see this coming a mile away if you spent any time looking. The biggest flaw of the President of the United States, I believe, is that he doesn’t think we are at war. He thinks this is a counterterrorism problem, that these are wayward souls or reli-gious fanatics, and he doesn’t embrace the fact that radical Islam is loosely associated throughout the globe. They have an agenda to destroy our way of life, to purify their religion, to destroy the State of Israel. It is on the Sunni and the Shia side. It represents a small minority of the Islamic faith. When you talk about radical Islam, you are not slandering those who are fighting radical Islam. They don’t feel slandered. I have been to Iraq and Af-ghanistan with Senator MCCAINover 37 times. I have yet to have one leader in that part of the world tell me: Would you quit using the term ‘‘radical Islam.’’ They appreciate the fact that we understand the threat and that what we have been proposing would ac-tually work. The JV team here is in the White House. I really don’t mean to slander JV teams. The bottom line is that the people in the White House have proven they are not up to the task of defend-ing this Nation, destroying radical Islam, and coming up with a plan to make us safe and protect our allies. How much more has to happen before you realize the people running this war, No. 1, don’t realize we are at war. It is hard to win a war when you don’t realize you are in one. What happened in Orlando breaks your heart, but the Attorney General went down yesterday—and I like her very much—to offer sympathy to the victims, and she made a statement: We will never know what motivated this man. Excuse me. We do. All you have to do is listen to what he said. He pledged al-legiance to al-Baghdadi in the middle of the slaughter. He went to the other side. In every war America has been in, we have had Americans side with the enemy. It is an unfortunate event, but it happens in all wars. Radical Islamic groups like ISIL are trying to turn American citizens against us. This man joined their cause. He called 911 and said: I am now a soldier in the army of ISIS. I pledge allegiance to al- Baghdadi—not to the citizens of the United States and the country in which he was a citizen. And he slaughtered a bunch of people. Madam Attorney General, I know why he did it. The fact that you cannot understand why he did it bothers me as far as your view of the fight we are in. But let’s go back to the time ISIL was created. Al Qaeda in Iraq was deci-mated by the surge. It is fair to criti-cize the Bush administration. Presi-dent Bush did make mistakes. Senator M
CCAINcalled for the removal of the Secretary of Defense under President Bush’s watch, Secretary Rumsfeld, be-cause he believed Secretary Rumsfeld did not appreciate the deteriorating se-curity environment in Iraq. As the Middle East deteriorates, I don’t remember anybody on this side of the aisle standing up and saying: Presi-dent Obama, you need to reconsider what you are doing. Senator MCCAIN, when the Repub-licans were in charge, President Bush was Commander in Chief, challenged the construct that all things were going well in Iraq when they were not. So I want to give some credit to Sen-ator M
CCAIN. It is not just Obama; when he sees a problem, he speaks up. The bottom line is that President Bush made an adjustment. He doubled down on the surge. He sent more troops into Iraq under General Petraeus. Guess what. The new strategy worked. By 2011, President Obama was claim-ing this to be a successful operation, that we could leave Iraq whole, free, se-cure, and stable. Vice President B
IDEN said it may be the biggest accomplish-ment of the Obama administration, to withdraw our forces from Iraq because we are in such a good spot. The New York Times held the security environ-ment in Iraq as a major achievement. What we were trying to say, along with our military commanders, was that if they pull out now, the gains we fought for are going to be lost. This is what I said on April 3, 2011, as this negotiation was going on: 
If we’re not smart enough to work with the Iraqis to have 10–15,000 American troops in Iraq in 2012, Iraq could go to hell. I’m urging the Obama Administration to work with the Maliki Administration in Iraq to make sure we have enough troops, 10 to 15 thousand, beginning in 2012 to secure the gains that we have achieved. . . . This is a defining moment in the future of Iraq . . . and in my view they are going down the wrong road in Iraq. 
When the administration tells you that the Iraqis would not accept a re-sidual force, they are lying. I don’t use that word lightly because it is a harsh word. They are intentionally mis-leading you. They are lying. Let me tell you why I know. I was there. I got a phone call from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ask-ing me—along with Senator M
CCAIN and Senator Lieberman—to go to Iraq to see if we could talk to the Iraqis about a residual force. We met with Barzani, the President of the Kurdish element of Iraq. Not only would he have accepted 15,000, he would have ac-cepted 250,000. Anybody who knows anything about the Kurds, they are not resistant to American troops in Iraq. They would put them all in Kurdistan if we would let them. Then we went to Maliki, who was a Prime Minister, head of a Sunni block. He said the Sunni members of this po-litical block realize that without an American follow-on force, Iran will come in, fill the vacuum, and the Sunnis will feel threatened because the political achievements will all be at risk because the balance of the mili-tary power will change. Then we went to Maliki. I can re-member it like it was yesterday. It was Senator M
CCAIN, Senator Lieberman, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4449 June 22, 2016 
and I. It was always us three, and I am at the end of the line, as I should be. There was Ambassador Jeffries and General Austin, who was the com-mander of our forces in Iraq. When it was my time, I looked Maliki in the eye and said: Would you support a residual force to maintain the gains we have achieved jointly? He looked me in the eye and he said: How many troops are you talking about? I turned to General Austin and Am-bassador Jeffries, and General Austin said: We are still working on that num-ber. We went back to talk to the Vice President. The military had rec-ommended 18,000—General Austin had—and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs said we could get by with 10,000, but they wouldn’t go below 10,000. Ac-cording to General Dempsey, then Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, the ad-ministration kept reducing the number below 10,000, and it got to almost 1,500. This cascading of numbers of troops did not come from the Iraqis saying that was too many; it came from the White House, which really wanted to get to zero. So when you try to blame the Iraqis for your mistake, you are lying. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for a colloquy with Senator G
RAHAM . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. May I also add that at the same time, this President and his administration were saying that we can’t get a status of forces agreement with the Iraqi Government; that has to go through the Parliament. Is there any mention today of this same Presi-dent who says it is absolutely nec-essary for us to have a status of forces agreement as we incrementally in-crease our troop strength in Iraq? Mr. GRAHAM. Isn’t it kind of odd that we have not 4,500, we have over 5,000 troops. They are playing with the numbers again. I know this. There are over 5,000 troops. About 1,000 are off the books. They are there; they are just not being counted. This incessant desire by the Presi-dent to say we are not in combat of-fends the heck out of me. Tell that to the family of the Navy SEAL who was killed. They don’t want to admit we are in combat because that means we are at war. They don’t want to admit we are at war, and I don’t know why because this guy in Orlando certainly was at war with us. We have a presence in Iraq, and isn’t it unusual that no one is saying that we need approval from the Iraqi Gov-ernment now? This was never the prob-lem. The problem was that President Obama sincerely wanted to end both wars. He saw an opportunity in 2011 to fulfill a campaign promise because America is war weary, and I under-stand that. But at the end of the day, he ignored sound military advice, and everything that Senator M
CCAINand I and others have said has come true in spades. Let me tell you about a comment by the President yesterday that our mili-tary strategy regarding ISIL is hitting on all cylinders. Mr. President, you need to get out of the White House and take a new look at what is going on in the world. Yesterday there was testimony by a Yazidi woman in the Homeland Secu-rity Committee. Last week the U.N. issued a report that ISIL is engaged in genocide against the Yazidi people. This is a people who mix Christianity and Islam, and they have a unique religion. ISIL is in the process of destroying the Yazidi community that has been in ex-istence for thousands of years. Yesterday this woman testified that eight members of her family, including her mother, were killed by ISIL. She was gang-raped. She said: Don’t feel sorry for me; they are doing this to girls as young as 8 years old. So, Mr. President, go tell that young woman that your military strategy when it comes to ISIL is working on all cylinders. The U.N. Special Envoy to Syria estimates that 400,000 people have been killed in Syria, where ISIL’s headquarters exist. Mr. President, go tell the people, the families of the victims of ISIL in Syria, that your military strategy is working on all cylinders. How do you explain the fact that there are now up to 8,000 ISIL fighters in Libya? I had a conversation yesterday with AFRICOM Commander Waldhauser, who is an incredibly gifted man. I asked him: Is ISIL in Libya? He said: Yes. Are they a threat to our homeland? He said: Yes. Are we doing anything militarily to engage them? He said: Virtually nothing. I asked him: How many airstrikes have there been against ISIL soldiers in Libya? He said: Zero. The bottom line, Mr. President, is we are not hitting on all cylinders. We are making some gains, but you don’t have an overall strategy to secure these gains. Leaving Assad in power is the worst possible outcome for the United States because the Sunni Arabs see him as a puppet of Iran, and he is the one who has killed most of the 400,000, not ISIL. The Syrian people are never going to accept him as their leader. Russia and Iran have come to the aid of the Butcher of Damascus, Assad. They have bombed the people we have trained to fight not only ISIL but Assad. The Russian people have killed the people the American President tried to recruit to our cause, and we are not doing a darn thing about it. Mr. President, your military strategy is not working. Tell that to the King of Jordan, where there are more Syrian refugees today than there has ever been in the history of Jordan. Two weeks ago there was a report that there were more refugees in the world now than there were post-World War II. Tell it to the people of Lebanon, where one out of five children in the primary schools is a Syrian refugee child. Tell that to the people of Turkey. Mr. President, the bottom line: You always underestimate the threat. You try to undersell what is going on, and you oversell our successes. I hope the people in this body will re-alize that some of the votes we are going to take in the coming weeks will correct this course, and I hope you re-alize that the war is not going as well as the President says it is. I want it to go better. I want to destroy ISIL. I promise you this: The strategy we have in Syria will never lead to ISIL’s de-struction. The people we are training to fight ISIL are mostly Kurds, and the Kurds do not have the ability to go into Raqqah, Syria, which is an Arab town, and take it away from ISIL and hold it. And the people we are training are Communist, Marxist Kurds. Their acronym is YPG. They are associated with the PKK, which is a terrorist or-ganization in Turkey. I appreciate their help, but the future of Syria should not lie in the hands of a bunch of Communist, Marxist Kurds who could never ever bring about stability in Syria. We don’t have a game plan to end this war. We don’t have a diplomatic strategy. If you don’t believe me, ask the 50-plus Foreign Service officers who wrote a letter publicly urging the President to change his strategy in Syria because it is not working. You can discount Senator MCCAINand me if you would like, but these are 50 people who dedicated their lives to under-standing the Middle East. They said in an open letter that we should be taking the Assad regime on because if he stays in power, this war will never end. He is literally getting away with murder. And our strategy of appeasing Assad because of Russia and Iran’s involve-ment is going to lead not only to the destruction of Syria but also to a change in the power balance in the Middle East that is harmful to us. It is not just us saying it is not work-ing. Mr. President, your military strat-egy is not working on all cylinders. The Yazidi community is being deci-mated on your watch. Some 400,000 peo-ple have been murdered on your watch, and we haven’t even gotten to the mis-take you made in Syria yet. As we withdrew our forces from Iraq against sound military advice, the people of Syria rose up against Assad, demand-ing the freedom all of us take for granted. There was a moment in time when Assad was on the ropes. The peo-ple of Syria rose up as part of the Arab spring. Every person in the administra-tion advised President Obama to help the Free Syrian Army while they were intact, and he said no. When he said no, Hezbollah, which is an agent of Iran, the Shia militia, sent 5,000 troops to support Assad. Russia eventually got in on Assad’s side, and the entire mess 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.029 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4450 June 22, 2016 
in Syria has exploded. His unwilling-ness to help the Free Syrian Army take Assad out created the vacuum in-side of Syria that ISIL filled. So to those who look at Orlando as a gun control problem, I think you are missing the story of Orlando. Orlando is about ISIL being seen as a winner by people over here who are sympathetic to their cause. ISIL is being seen throughout the world as a winning team, not a JV team. What we see in Orlando is someone who was recruited to their cause and our intelligence sys-tems failed. I am not blaming the FBI, but the fact of the matter is we interviewed this guy a couple of times, he was on our watch list, and he fell through the cracks. Mr. M
CCAIN. May I also point out to my friend that the President and mem-bers of the administration continu-ously say: We only have two choices. One is do nothing or very little, or we have to send 200,000 troops. You know, I grow so weary of that straw man being set up by the President of the United States, because it is intellectu-ally dishonest. What we have called for—I am not sure this President can lead and do it because he has no credibility in the Middle East anywhere. When he de-cided that they had crossed the redline and we were going to take military ac-tion and then did nothing, that had a profound effect throughout the Middle East. There is no trust or confidence in the United States. But if there were, it would be approximately 100,000 troops—about 10,000 Americans, the Sunni Arabs, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and the other Gulf countries—a force that would go to Iraq today and take out ISIS. I want to assure my fellow Ameri-cans that as long as ISIS has a geo-graphic base in Raqqa, they will be ex-porting terror into the United States and Europe. Baghdadi, we know, is sending people with these devices—se-cure encrypted devices. We know there is self-radicalization taking place as we speak. We know they are being inserted into the refugee stream. We know these things. As long as they have a capital and we have no strategy for retaking that capital, there will be further at-tacks, as the Director of the CIA has said, as the Director of National Intel-ligence has said. There will be further attacks on the United States of Amer-ica. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD  these statements by the President and by Senator G
RAHAM and myself. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
OBAMA ON WITHDRAWAL FROMIRAQ 
PRESIDENT OBAMA , OCTOBER 2011  ‘‘The tide of war is receding . . . The long war in Iraq will come to an end by the end of this year . . . We’re also moving into a new phase in the relationship between the United States and Iraq . . . We’ll partner with an Iraq that contributes to regional security and peace . . . Just as Iraqis have persevered through war, I’m confident that they can build a future worthy of their history as a cradle of civilization.’’ PRESIDENT OBAMA , DECEMBER 2011  ‘‘We’re leaving behind a sovereign, stable and self-reliant Iraq.’’ 
PRESIDENT BUSH , JULY 2007  ‘‘To begin withdrawing before our com-manders tell us we are ready would be dan-gerous for Iraq, for the region and for the United States. It would mean surrendering the future of Iraq to Al Qaeda. It would mean that we’d be risking mass killings on a hor-rific scale. It would mean we allow the ter-rorists to establish a safe haven in Iraq to re-place the one they lost in Afghanistan. It would mean we’d be increasing the prob-ability that American troops would have to return at some later date to confront an enemy that is even more dangerous.’’ 
SENATOR MCCAIN , OCTOBER 2011  ‘‘This decision will be viewed as a strategic victory for our enemies in the Middle East, especially the Iranian regime, which has worked relentlessly to ensure a full with-drawal of U.S. troops from Iraq . . . all of our military commanders with whom I have spo-ken on my repeated visits to Iraq have told me that U.S. national security interests and the enduring needs of Iraq’s military re-quired a continued presence of U.S. troops in Iraq beyond 2011 to safeguard the gains that we and our Iraqi partners have made . . . Nearly 4,500 Americans have given their lives for our mission in Iraq. Countless more have been wounded . . . I fear that all of the gains made possible by these brave Americans in Iraq, at such grave cost, are now at risk.’’ As the situation worsened . . . 
SENATOR MCCAIN , DECEMBER 2011  ‘‘[Domestic] political considerations in [the United States and Iraq] have been al-lowed to trump our common security inter-ests. All of the progress that both Iraqis and Americans have made, at such painful and substantial cost, has now been put at greater risk.’’ 
SENATORS MCCAIN AND GRAHAM , DECEMBER 2011  ‘‘If Iraq slides back into sectarian violence, the consequences will be catastrophic for the Iraqi people and U.S. interests in the Middle East, and a clear victory for al Qaeda and Iran. A deterioration of the kind we are now witnessing in Iraq was not unforeseen, and now the U.S. government must do whatever it can to help Iraqis stabilize the situation. We call upon the Obama Administration and the Iraqi government to reopen negotiations with the goal of maintaining an effective re-sidual U.S. military presence in Iraq before the situation deteriorates further.’’ 
OBAMA : ASSAD MUSTGO 
PRESIDENT OBAMA , AUGUST 2011  ‘‘For the sake of the Syrian people, the time has come for President Assad to step aside.’’ 
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION OFFICIAL IN THE NEW  
YORKER , DECEMBER 2015  ‘‘The meaning of ‘Assad has to go’ has evolved.’’ 
SENATOR MCCAIN , DECEMBER 2015  ‘‘So why has the meaning of ‘Assad has to go’ evolved? Because this Administration was overpowered, outplayed, and out-matched. This Administration consoled themselves with the mantra of ‘there is no military solution,’ rather than facing the re-ality that there is a clear military dimension to a political solution in Syria. That is what Russia and Iran have demonstrated. They have changed the military facts on the ground and created the terms for a political settlement more favorable to their interests. And I believe as a result, the conflict will grind on, ISIL will grow stronger, and the refugees will keep coming.’’ WHITE HOUSE : ASSAD ’SFALLISINEVITABLE  
WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY JAY CARNEY , 
JANUARY 2012  ‘‘Assad’s fall is inevitable . . . It’s impor-tant to calculate into your consideration the fact that he will go. The regime has lost con-trol of the country and he will eventually fall.’’ 
SENATOR MCCAIN , MARCH 2012  ‘‘The Administration’s approach to Syria is starting to look more like a hope than a strategy. So, too, does their continued in-sistence that Assad’s fall is ‘inevitable.’ Tell that to the people of Homs. Tell that to the people of Idlib, or Hama, or the other cities that Assad’s forces are now moving against. Nothing in this world is pre-determined. And claims about the inevitability of events can often be a convenient way to abdicate re-sponsibility.’’ Warning about sectarian conflict in Syria . . . 
SENATOR MCCAIN , MARCH 2012  ‘‘The surest way for Al-Qaeda to gain a foothold in Syria is for us to turn our backs on those brave Syrians who are fighting to defend themselves. After all, Sunni Iraqis were willing to ally with Al-Qaeda when they felt desperate enough. But when America gave them a better alternative, they turned their guns on Al-Qaeda. Why should it be dif-ferent in Syria? . . . As we saw in Iraq, or Lebanon before it, time favors the hard-lin-ers in a conflict like this. The suffering of Sunnis at the hands of Assad only stokes the temptation for revenge, which in turn only deepens fears among the Alawites, and strengthens their incentive to keep fighting. For this reason alone, it is all the more com-pelling to find a way to end the bloodshed as soon as possible.’’ 
SENATOR MCCAIN , JUNE 2012  ‘‘If we fail to act, the consequences are clear. Syria will become a failed state in the heart of the Middle East, threatening both our ally Israel and our NATO ally Turkey. With or without Assad, the country will de-volve into a full-scale civil war with areas of ungoverned space that Al-Qaeda and its al-lies will occupy. Violence and radicalism will spill even more into Lebanon and Iraq, fuel-ing sectarian conflicts that are still burning in both countries. Syria will turn into a bat-tlefield between Sunni and Shia extremists, each backed by foreign powers, which will ig-nite sectarian tensions from North Africa to the Gulf and risk a wider regional conflict. This is the course we are on in Syria, and we must act now to avoid it.’’ 
OBAMA : RUSSIAN SYRIA INTERVENTION WILL B
EQUAGMIRE  
PRESIDENT OBAMA , OCTOBER 2015  ‘‘An attempt by Russia and Iran to prop up Assad and try to pacify the population is just going to get them stuck in a quagmire and it won’t work.’’ 
SECRETARY KERRY , MARCH 2016  ‘‘Russia is now helping with the cessation of hostilities. And if Russia can help us to actually effect this political transition, that is all to the strategic interest of the United States of America.’’ Warning of foreign intervention . . . 
SENATOR MCCAIN , MARCH 2012  ‘‘Increasingly, the question for U.S. policy is not whether foreign forces will intervene 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.030 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4451 June 22, 2016 
militarily in Syria. We can be confident that Syria’s neighbors will do so eventually, if they have not already. Some kind of inter-vention will happen, with us or without us . . . We also hear it said, including by the Administration, that we should not con-tribute to the militarization of the conflict. If only Russia and Iran shared that senti-ment. Instead, they are shamelessly fueling Assad’s killing machine. We need to deal with reality as it is, not as we wish it to be— and the reality in Syria today is largely a one-sided fight where the aggressors are not lacking for military means and zeal. Indeed, Assad appears to be fully committed to crushing the opposition at all costs. Iran and Russia appear to be fully committed to help-ing him do it.’’ On the nature of Russian intervention . . . 
SENATOR MCCAIN , OCTOBER 2015  The Administration has accepted ‘‘Russia’s expanded role in Syria, and as a con-sequence, for Assad’s continued brutalization of the Syrian people. It is simply incompre-hensible that the Administration is taking such great pains to offer Russia a ‘construc-tive’ role in Syria, pretending that Russia has the slightest interest in anything other than propping up the murderous Assad re-gime. That is what Russia has been doing for four years as Assad has slaughtered more than 200,000 Syrians, and that is what Russia is doing now.’’ What has happened since . . . 
SENATOR MCCAIN , APRIL 2016  ‘‘Last year, Vladimir Putin moved to fill the strategic vacuum that the United States has left in the Middle East. In its first out- of-area military since the time of the czars, Russian forces moved into Syria, doubled down on the Assad regime, and decimated the moderate Syrian opposition groups that America and our allies said we were sup-porting. Russia has used Syria as a live-fire exercise for its modernizing military. De-spite predictions of a Russian quagmire, Putin has instead used limited military means to achieve distinct political goals. De-spite Putin’s pledged withdrawal from Syria, Assad’s forces, backed by Russia, now appear poised to retake Aleppo. Meanwhile, ad-vanced Russian military capabilities remain in Syria, enhancing Putin’s ability to project power beyond the region.’’ 
OBAMA UNDERESTIMATING ISIL 
PRESIDENT OBAMA , JANUARY 2014  ‘‘The analogy we use around here some-times, and I think is accurate, is if a jayvee team puts on Lakers uniforms that doesn’t make them Kobe Bryant.’’ 
SENATORS MCCAIN AND GRAHAM , OCTOBER 2013  ‘‘By nearly every indicator, the situation in Iraq has worsened dramatically since the beginning of the conflict in Syria and the withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq in 2011 . . . What’s worse, the deteriorating conflict in Syria has enabled al Qaeda in Iraq to transform into the larger and more lethal Is-lamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), which now has a major base for operations spanning both Iraq and Syria. It may just be a matter of time until al Qaeda seeks to use its new safe haven in these countries to launch attacks against U.S. interests.’’ ISIL captured Fallujah three months later ...  
SENATORS MCCAIN AND GRAHAM , JANUARY 2014  ‘‘Reports that Al-Qaeda fighters have taken over Fallujah and are gaining ground in other parts of Iraq are as tragic as they were predictable . . . The Administration’s failure in Iraq has been compounded by its failed policy in Syria. It has sat by and re-fused to take any meaningful action, while the conflict has claimed more than 130,000 lives, driven a quarter of the Syrian popu-lation from their homes, fueled the resur-gence of Al-Qaeda, and devolved into a re-gional conflict that now threatens our na-tional security interests and the stability of Syria’s neighbors, especially Iraq.’’ As the situation worsened . . . SENATOR MCCAIN , APRIL 2014  ‘‘It is reality check time in Iraq, where the Syria-Iraq border has turned into a major highway and safe haven for transnational terrorist groups. The black flags of al-Qaeda fly over the city of Fallujah, where hundreds of U.S. troops were killed and injured. Vio-lence across the country has reached the same levels as at the height of the Iraqi in-surgency in 2008, and the country is creeping dangerously close to a reignition of civil conflict.’’ 
OBAMA ON LEAVING ISIL U NCHECKED  
PRESIDENT OBAMA , SEPTEMBER 2014  ‘‘So ISIL poses a threat to the people of Iraq and Syria, and the broader Middle East—including American citizens, per-sonnel and facilities. If left unchecked, these terrorists could pose a growing threat be-yond that region, including to the United States.’’ 
SENATORS MCCAIN AND GRAHAM , AUGUST 2014  ‘‘Americans need to know that ISIS is not just a problem for Iraq and Syria. It is a threat to the United States. Doing too little to combat ISIS has been a problem. Doing less is certainly not the answer now . . . ISIS presents Mr. Obama with a similar chal-lenge, and it has already forced him to begin changing course, albeit grudgingly. He should accept the necessity of further change and adopt a strategy to defeat this threat . . . If he does not, ISIS will continue to grow into an even graver danger to our allies and to us.’’ Nearly two years into the campaign to ‘‘check’’ ISIL . . . ISIL has metastasized to Yemen, Egypt, Lebanon, Afghanistan, and Libya. As of the end of April 2016, CNN reported that ISIL had conducted or inspired at least 90 terrorist attacks in 21 countries other than Iraq and Syria. That, of course, doesn’t account for the 49 Americans murdered in Orlando by a ter-rorist who pledged allegiance to ISIL. If it wasn’t clear then, ISIL’s threat to our homeland is real, direct, and growing. 
OBAMA ON DESTROYING ISIL 
PRESIDENT OBAMA , SEPTEMBER 2014  ‘‘We will degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL.’’ 
SENATOR MCCAIN , SEPTEMBER 2014  ‘‘The President’s plan will likely be insuf-ficient to destroy ISIS, which is the world’s largest, richest terrorist army. To destroy ISIS, create conditions for enduring security in the Middle East, and protect the Amer-ican people, additional steps are necessary . . . Half measures against ISIS only make it stronger and will not lead to its destruc-tion.’’ Urging a comprehensive plan . . . 
SENATORS MCCAIN AND GRAHAM , OCTOBER 2014  ‘‘We continue to urge the Administration to quickly adopt a comprehensive strategy [against ISIL and avoid the perils of gradual escalation . . . Degrading and ultimately de-stroying ISIS will require additional actions that we have long advocated, such as the de-ployment of U.S. Special Forces and mili-tary advisers on the ground to direct air-strikes and advise our local partners; the ex-pansion of assistance for moderate Syrian forces, and the establishment of safe zones protected by no fly zones in Syria . . . That is ultimately what it will take to destroy ISIS and keep America safe, and we cannot afford to delay any longer.’’ SENATOR MCCAIN , NOVEMBER 2014  ‘‘Applying a half-hearted bombing cam-paign without seriously undertaking com-plementary efforts to train and assist local forces and protect civilians in Syria is sim-ply doomed to fail. It is time for this Admin-istration to stand by our Syrian allies, as it has done for other communities in Iraq and Syria, and move quickly to support mod-erate opposition forces fighting against ISIS and Jabhat al-Nusra and protect the Syrian people from Assad’s deadly air campaign. Until such actions are taken, I fear that the threat posed by ISIS will continue to metas-tasize.’’ 
OBAMA ON CONTAINING ISIL 
PRESIDENT OBAMA , NOVEMBER 2015  ‘‘We have contained them.’’ The day after this statement, ISIL at-tacked in Paris . . . 
SENATOR MCCAIN , NOVEMBER 2015  ‘‘What should now be clear is that ISIL is determined to attack the heart of the civ-ilized world, Europe and the United States— that it has the intent to attack us, the capa-bility to attack us, and the sanctuary from which to plan those attacks. What should now be clear is that our people and our allies will not be safe until ISIL is destroyed—not just degraded, but destroyed; not eventually, but as soon as possible.’’ 
GENERAL JOSEPH DUNFORD , DECEMBER 2015  ‘‘We have not contained ISIL.’’ Further warning that ISIL is not contained ...  
SENATOR MCCAIN , DECEMBER 2015  ‘‘As long as this caliphate exists in Raqqa, they are going to be able to orchestrate at-tacks and metastasize and maybe even move to Libya.’’ ISIL’s scored its biggest victory in Libya in June 2016 when it captured Sirte. Today, ISIL still has over 5,000 fighters in Libya. In January 2016, ISIL was so contained that the Obama Administration approved targeting ISIL in Afghanistan nearly a year after they had arrived on the battlefield . . . 
SENATOR MCCAIN , JANUARY 2016  ‘‘Now the administration seems to be wak-ing up to the fact that more than a year into the U.S. military campaign, ISIL’s reach is global and growing. We can only hope it won’t take so long for the administration to realize that conditions on the ground in Af-ghanistan simply don’t warrant a dangerous, calendar-driven withdrawal of U.S. forces.’’ As of today, the Obama administration is moving forward with plans to cut U.S. forces in half by the end of the year. 
Mr. M CCAIN. I would point out that, as long ago as August 2014, Senator G
RAHAM and I said: 
Americans need to know that ISIS is not just a problem for Iraq and Syria. It is a threat to the United States. Doing too little to combat ISIS has been a problem. Doing less is certainly not the answer now . . . ISIS presents Mr. Obama with a similar chal-lenge, and it has already forced him to begin changing course, albeit grudgingly. . . . If he does not, ISIS will continue to grow into an even graver danger to our allies and to us. 
It was obvious. Here is a quote from President Obama from November 2015: ‘‘We have contained them.’’ Really? We have contained them? Again, General Dunford said, in a fur-ther warning, that ISIL is not con-tained. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.023 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4452 June 22, 2016 
I said in December of 2015: ‘‘As long as this caliphate exists in Raqqa, they are going to be able to orchestrate at-tacks and metastasize and maybe even move to Libya.’’ Guess what. They moved to Libya. The list goes on and on. From August 2011, here is one of my favorites from President Obama: ‘‘For the sake of the Syrian people, the time has come for President Assad to step aside.’’ An Obama administration official said in the New Yorker in December 2014, 4 years later: ‘‘The meaning of ‘Assad has to go’ has evolved.’’ ‘‘The meaning of Assad has to go has evolved.’’ Anyway, the list goes on and on. President Obama said in October 2015: ‘‘An attempt by Russia and Iran to prop up Assad and try to pacify the population is just going to get them stuck in a quagmire and it won’t work.’’ ‘‘In a quagmire, and it won’t work.’’ Secretary Kerry said in March of 2016: 
Russia is now helping with the cessation of hostilities. And if Russia can help us to actu-ally effect this political transition, that is all to the strategic interest of the United States of America. 
And now, what did they do? They bombed the people we trained and equipped. They murdered. Bashar Assad has murdered so many more than ISIS with his barrel bombs and the indiscriminate killing of men, women, and children. He has never paid a penalty for the use of sarin gas, with which he gassed thousands of innocent men, women, and children in Syria. Does anybody believe that Assad is leaving power anytime soon? Of course not. So again, we have been talking about this, and we have been warning about it. By the way, Senator G
RAHAM and I are always described in the liberal media this way: ‘‘Senator G
RAHAM and Senator M
CCAIN, among Obama’s harshest critics.’’ They do not mention that we called for the removal of Presi-dent Bush’s Secretary of Defense. No, we are not his harshest critics. We are the ones who have been telling the truth to the American people ever since this debacle began, because we have an obligation—we have an obliga-tion—to those men and women in uni-form serving in the longest wars in our history. We have an obligation to the families of those who have been killed and wounded. We have an obligation to try to force this President to under-stand that we have failed. We are fail-ing, and we have failed. Yes, we are making some gains with the retaking of Fallujah, after two bat-tles—by the way, where American troops were wounded and killed. There is some small success. But the fact is that none of this had to happen, and that is the great tragedy of the last few years. None of it had to happen, and this President didn’t lead because he believed all we needed to do was get out and those conflicts would end. So I say directly to my colleagues: The President’s policies are responsible for the deaths, untold deaths, the quag-mire we are in, the metastasizing of ISIL and the rise of Russia as a new power in the Middle East and the re-tention of Bashar Assad ensconced as a ruler of Syria—the same person about whom the President of the United States said: It is not whether Bashar Assad leaves power; it is when. Mr. GRAHAM. If I may, just to wrap this up, 50 diplomats who served in the Mideast wrote an open letter to the world to say that we have let Assad get away with murder. Assad will be in power when Obama is gone. Russia and Iran have gone to Assad’s aid. The big-gest winners of Obama’s strategy in Syria have been Russia and Assad. The biggest losers have been our allies— Arab allies, in particular and the peo-ple in Syria. About our willingness to help, I was in a multiperson primary back in 2014. The President basically reached out to Senator MCCAINand myself after Assad had crossed the redline the President drew regarding chemical weapons. It was Labor Day. I will never forget it as long as I live. I flew up with Senator M
CCAIN, and we met with President Obama in the Oval Office and Susan Rice. They informed us of what Assad did, and were seeking our support to basically hit him militarily as punish-ment for crossing the redline. The goal was to degrade Assad’s ca-pability on the battlefield, upgrade the ability of the opposition to fight him and change momentum on the battle-field. Senator M
CCAINand I went out in front of the Oval Office in the driveway and said: We stand with the President in his efforts to deal with Assad for crossing the redline, to upgrade the op-position, degrade Assad, and change the momentum on the battlefield. This was right around Labor Day. It was supposed to happen in a couple of days—airstrikes from the sea and land. Nothing happened. By the end of the week, the President decided to go to Congress, and, unfortunately, Congress didn’t respond well. So there is some blame in the body. But President Obama has yet to call us and tell us that. Now, I am in the middle of a primary and people are war weary, and I just really thought the President was doing the right thing to hold Assad account-able. So I want to help him where I can. I have tried to put money in the budget to help secure the gains we have achieved in Iraq. I hope Fallujah falls, and I think it will, but I said 8,000 to 10,000 U.S. soldiers would be necessary to destroy ISIL inside Iraq. We are over 5,000, and we have to go to Mosul, which is a city of a million people. If we don’t have more American ground components, then we are not going to retake Mosul, and the Shia militia, which are controlled by Iran, are going to have way too much to say in terms of the future of Iraq. So inside Syria there is no strategy to destroy ISIL. I think President Obama is passing this on to the next President, not wanting to break his promises, not recommitting troops, and he is just ignoring good sound mili-tary advice. The bottom line is—and I hate to say this—if there is a JV team on the field in the War on Terror, it is in the White House. The bottom line is they are at war with us, but we are really not at war with them. We can’t even say ‘‘combat.’’ So I want to help this President where we can. We have had a very con-tentious debate about guns. Things have been said on both sides of the aisle that I think are, quite frankly, out of bounds. I don’t want to sell guns to ISIL; I want to destroy them. I think we have several choices here. We are going to fight them in their backyard or ours. I choose to fight them in their backyard—with partners. The Arabs want to help us because they are in the crosshairs of ISIL. But they are not going in to fight ISIL in Syria and wind up giving the whole country to the Iranians by keeping Assad in power. They have told us. The King of Saudi Arabia told us: You can have our army. But they want to make sure that when we finish the job in Syria, the Iranians are not in control of Syria. They are dominating four Arab capitals and the Arabs are tired of this. The bottom line is Iran is running wild, ISIL is a growing threat to the homeland, and we don’t have a strat-egy to destroy ISIL and secure the gains and stabilize Iraq and Syria. When it comes to Iran, we have empow-ered the most tyrannical regime on the planet, I think, by giving them $150 bil-lion to put in their war machine. They will have a pathway to a bomb and a missile to deliver it even if they do not cheat under this agreement. So the next President of the United States is going to have a mess on their hands, but we still have a long way to go with this President. So, Mr. President, send a couple thousand more troops into Iraq and make sure we liberate Mosul and can hold the place. Up your game in Syria. Work with our Arab partners who will go in on the ground with you. Tell Assad he has to go, and tell the Rus-sians, if you want to fight for the Butcher of Damascus, you are welcome to do so—and they won’t. Let the Syr-ian people rebuild Syria, pick their leader, and not have the Russians or the Iranians pick their leader. There is a way forward. It is going to take more effort on our part but not 100,000 troops. We are talking less than 10,000 to get this job done. But we do need a different approach to Syria par-ticularly or this will never end. Here is what I worry about the most. The thousands of foreign fighters who have joined the jihad have Western passports, and people on my side of the aisle were saying some pretty crazy things, quite frankly. You can’t seal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.032 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4453 June 22, 2016 
America off from the world. People do travel, and they do trade. So the abil-ity to penetrate the homeland exists. The bottom line is that the sooner we can destroy ISIL, the safer we will be and the quicker we can live in peace in the region—and we don’t have a plan to do it. I hope the President will make an ad-justment. President Bush adjusted. It is not easy for a President to adjust. I can get that. But he made a decision to listen to his commanders and he ad-justed. This President is making some adjustments, but they are incremental in nature. He downplays the adjust-ments he is making. He downplays the threats we face. When the Attorney General says: I really don’t understand what motivated this man, that really breaks my heart because I think most of us do. Here is what I worry the most about. It is taking too long to take these guys out over there. They are reaching into Libya, and another 9/11 is on the way if we don’t put these guys on the defen-sive. I want to hit them before they hit us. I want partners. I don’t want to fight this war alone. I want to keep the war over there. It is coming here. No matter what you do, it may come here anyway, but we are allowing them to come here quicker and faster than they should be allowed to come here. We are allowing them to stay stronger—longer than they should. In the wake of this foreign policy de-bacle, we have lost an entire group of people called the Yazidis, who have been basically wiped off the face of the planet. There have been hundreds of thousands of people displaced—millions displaced—and they are going to look at America and say: You can’t count on America. Every young child in a ref-ugee camp who was driven to that camp because of our failure to deal with ISIL, allowing Assad to barrel- bomb his or her family, is going to grow up not liking us. One day we are going to have to confront them. The effects of this strategy of failed foreign policy are going to be genera-tional. Mr. President, there is still time to adjust, if you will adjust your strategy and not just listen to us but listen to the 50 people who wrote the letter and listen to your military com-manders. If you make these adjust-ments, we will be there with you. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I wish to summarize, the reason Senator G
RA-
HAM and I came to the floor at this time is because it is pretty obvious the debate now is over guns, and there should be a legitimate debate over the use and availability of weapons. I hope we could reach a reasonable com-promise so we can act. I want to emphasize, we would not be having this debate if it were not for the failed policies that led to where we are today, where a young man—either in-structed or self-radicalized—took the lives of nearly 50 brave Americans. That was not like a hurricane. It was not like an earthquake. It was because this President has failed to lead. Look at the world as it was in the times when I was talking and look at the world today. We have to have a strat-egy to defeat ISIS, and we cannot stand to have this brutal dictator named Bashar al-Assad continue to slaughter his own people. We have to stand with our allies and stand with our friends, but what is most impor-tant is, we have to have a strategy to defeat this enemy, which has proven at least twice it has the ability to attack the mainland of the United States of America. That is not there today. AMENDMENT NO . 4787 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, would the Senator from Arizona yield for a question? Mr. M
CCAIN. Absolutely. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would say to my friend from Arizona, before lunch we had a vote on a very impor-tant amendment the Senator spon-sored, along with the chairman of the Intelligence Committee, that received a majority vote of the Senate but not enough to get us to the 60-vote thresh-old. I know the majority leader has put in a motion to reconsider, which will allow him to bring that up because of some absenteeism. I want to ask my friend, during the time the shooter in Orlando was under surveillance by the FBI and was actu-ally put on a watch list, the authority they had to gather information about him and particularly his computer usage by issuing a subpoena to the Internet service provider in order to identify IP addresses and perhaps email addresses, not content—they were de-nied the opportunity to get that kind of information. Does the Senator have any idea whether perhaps the FBI might have been tipped to the fact that this shooter—let’s say he was accessing YouTube videos of Anwar al-Awlaki like Nidal Hasan in Fort Hood was be-fore he committed his terrorist attack there, or let’s say one of the email ad-dresses they were able to collect was one of a known terrorist or somebody the FBI suspected was complicit in ter-rorism, obviously, under the Senator’s amendment, in order to get the content of that, the FBI would have to go to the FISA Court and establish probable cause. Does the Senator have an opinion whether that kind of information, to which the FBI was blinded by the lapse in this authority—whether that would be helpful information in identifying potential threats like we saw in Or-lando? Mr. M
CCAIN. I say to my friend and colleague who has done so much hard work on trying to achieve a careful balance and compromise that all of us could agree to on the issue of weapons, I appreciate the question and I appre-ciate his work. I can’t specifically state I know for a fact that the failure of the ability of the FBI to monitor and know about use of the Internet—not content but use of the Internet, such as the Senator men-tioned IP addresses and others. I can’t say that would have prevented it. What I can say, and the Senator knows, the Director of the FBI said this is the most important tool he needs to defend this country against further attacks. Is there anyone now in America who doesn’t believe there is going to be an-other self-radicalized or instructed in-dividual who will try to attack the United States of America? Of course not. In their wisdom, a majority of my colleagues over there and a group of my colleagues over here have rejected the urgent request from the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. I have seen a lot of strange votes around here, I would say to my friend from Texas, but to see Republicans, who ad-vertise themselves as trying to protect the people of this Nation, not give the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation the tool he needs the most to counter what is clearly coming, frankly, is one of the most puzzling and disappointing actions that have been taken by my colleagues on this side of the aisle. Mr. CORNYN. I thank the Senator. I would merely add, this is not a par-tisan issue. As the Presiding Officer and as the Senator from Arizona knows, the Intelligence Committee has voted in a bipartisan way, with only one Senator dissenting in the Intel-ligence reauthorization bill, to rein-state this very authority the amend-ment of the Senator from Arizona per-tained to. I believe, of all the votes we have had this week, the vote on Sen-ator MCCAIN’s amendment was the one with the greatest potential to stop fu-ture terrorist attacks like we saw in Orlando—because we all know the shooter in Orlando was under two sepa-rate FBI investigations and he was put on a watch list. With so much discus-sion about watch lists, he was no longer on a watch list so the FBI was not notified when he went in and pur-chased the two firearms he used in this attack. We also know he was a licensed security guard, and he actually had a license to own firearms. This is a complicated and complex and confusing picture we have all been presented, and we are all trying to fig-ure out what is the solution or what could we do to help reduce the possi-bility that something like this might happen in the future? I can guarantee one thing. It is not to limit the con-stitutional rights of law-abiding citi-zens. That is not going to stop future terrorist attacks. If we fail to give law enforcement and counterterrorism au-thorities the means by which to iden-tify these self-radicalized terrorists be-fore they kill—if we don’t do that, then shame on us. This is not partisan, as I said, because a bipartisan majority— with one dissenting vote—on the Intel-ligence Committee voted for this provi-sion, but we need to get serious about this. I know, because of some absentee-ism today—necessary, I am sure—we didn’t have every Senator here present and voting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.033 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4454 June 22, 2016 
I hope in the interim, from the time of that failed cloture vote on the McCain-Burr amendment until the time we vote on this again when the majority leader moves to reconsider, we can have some serious discussions and serious efforts at trying to make our country safer and protecting inno-cent Americans from terrorist attacks on our own soil. If we deny the FBI Director the No. 1 legislative priority of the agency, as he has told us time and time again—most recently in the SCIF, in the secure fa-cility. Obviously, that part is not clas-sified, but he said this is a very impor-tant tool. If we are going to ask the FBI and our counterterrorism authori-ties to connect the dots, well, they can’t connect the dots unless they can collect the dots. Again, this is with proper and appropriate regard, under the Fourth Amendment, for American citizens when it comes to searches of their property or seizures. Under the Fourth Amendment, we know there has to be established probable cause that a crime has been committed, established before an impartial judge. We are not talking about the content. We are say-ing, if there are enough dots to connect together to raise a reasonable sus-picion on the part of our counterterror-ism authorities, they ought to then have the opportunity to go to a judge and get the content of that commu-nication under appropriate constitu-tional Fourth Amendment procedures. If they don’t even have access to the basic information, then they can’t con-nect the dots because they can’t collect them. So of all the votes we have had this week, I believe the vote on the McCain- Burr amendment was the most impor-tant because I think it was the one most likely to produce additional tools that our counterterrorism authorities could use in an investigation to iden-tify self-radicalized terrorists in the United States before they strike. It is too late after they strike, when we are all asking the question: What can we possibly do in order to prevent some-thing like this from happening again? We now know what we can do. It may not be a panacea, but it is making sure our law enforcement authorities, such as the FBI, have the tools they need in order to conduct these investigations, again to collect the dots so they can connect those dots. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, there is a lot going on around here. Before lunch, we finished a vote that I was very dis-appointed did not reach the 60-vote threshold so we could proceed to debate and vote on what I think is one of the more important issues we are dealing with; that is, our ability to stop ter-rorist attacks. As a member of the Senate Intel-ligence Committee, we have had the opportunity to meet several times with Director Comey, the head of the FBI, asking him if they have the tools nec-essary to prevent terrorist attacks against innocent Americans. Simply because of changes in technology, a tool they had before—and by ‘‘tool,’’ a method they had before to try to deter-mine who is trying to do us harm— works for one type of technology, but new technology, basically because of an omission in the language that was never intended by the Congress, does not give us the ability to so-call con-nect the dots to give us the oppor-tunity to then go and seek a warrant for further investigation. This was the vote we had on the floor. We came up just one or two votes short. I know the majority leader made a motion to reconsider so we will be taking this up again. I hope my col-leagues who did not vote for this will take the opportunity as a Member of the U.S. Senate to come to the Intel-ligence Committee to sit down, look at the classified information, and assure themselves this does nothing that in-vades anyone’s privacy rights. There seems to be a lack of informa-tion as to what is being asked for. In that regard, hopefully during this next few days, we will have the opportunity for our colleagues to come and under-stand this. Frankly, it is something many had voted for but were not aware of this glitch in the language that has put us in this particular position. I will be happy to accompany any of my col-leagues to a place where we can look through, on a classified basis, why this is so important. WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. President, I want to do what I have been doing now for about 46 weeks in the Senate in this cycle; that is, to discuss the waste of the week. The waste of the week is something we have been talking about. While I deep-ly regret we have not been able to fash-ion a long-term program dealing with our debt and our deficit, which is so critical for the future of this country, the least we can do is look at the way we currently spend taxpayer money, and in doing so, weed out those pro-grams that simply don’t justify the use of taxpayer money. I was going to do this last week, and after the tragic events of Orlando, I didn’t think it was the appropriate time to do so. So today I am doing two wastes of the week to make up for last week and this week. This week, the Senate is considering legislation that funds a number of agencies, including the National Science Foundation. When Congress created the National Science Founda-tion, the agency’s goals were to pro-mote progress in science, help secure our national defense, and advance na-tional health, prosperity, and welfare. That is a great goal. I am not here today to question the validity of the National Science Foun-dation. There is no question that re-search funded by the NSF has led to re-markable discoveries in that the ma-jority of the work they do, their re-search, is worthwhile. However, thanks to the work started by my former col-league Senator Tom Coburn, it has now become clear that the National Science Foundation has funded some research that truly falls in the category of a waste of taxpayer dollars—either be-cause the research has questionable benefit or because it is research that should more appropriately be con-ducted by the private sector or perhaps it doesn’t even need to be conducted. By the way, these are all docu-mented. Inspectors general—the Gov-ernment Accountability Office goes in and does audits and they look at how money is spent. Then they report this back to us. We look at this and say: How in the world did this ever get ap-proved? Who agreed to spend this kind of money on this kind of research project when we are running deficits, when we are deeply in debt here as a nation? Is this a wise way to spend hard-earned tax dollars? We are trying to bring these to light in a transparent way so our Members will say: Let’s crack down on this kind of stuff. I don’t want to go home and tell my constituents their tax dollars are going toward this kind of stuff. We had another example several months ago about—you can’t make this stuff up—whether, if people are hungry, they are more disposed to be a little curt or a little angry with their spouse. Somebody came up with the idea: Let’s test this out. The expendi-ture was considerable for this research. I can’t remember exactly what it is right now, but they gave husbands and wives voodoo dolls and a bunch of pins. They said: Every time you feel a bad feeling or want to say something mean to your spouse, you take your voodoo doll—you have your voodoo doll that looks like your wife and your wife has one that looks like her husband—and you take a pin and stick it in the voo-doo doll. When you did this, you were asked the question: Were you hungry at the time? If you were hungry at the time, they said to count all the pins and say: Well, OK, we have proven the fact that if you are hungry, you are more likely to be upset with your spouse than if you are not hungry. To come here and explain this, people say this can’t be true. Tell me, tell me tax dollars are not used for something like this out of an agency as respected as the National Science Foundation. Yet they defended this process as a le-gitimate grant, expenditure of tax-payer dollars, and used a new word, ‘‘hangry.’’ It is the combination of being hungry and angry, and it is hangry. Are you hangry? And if you are, you might be upset with your spouse a little more quickly because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.037 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4455 June 22, 2016 
the pins in the voodoo dolls prove that. I promise you, I am not making this up. This is documented. This is what the research project included. Today, I want to name two addi-tional examples. I am not picking on the NSF, but we keep reading about this. Here are two examples that cost taxpayers nearly $2.2 million. The first example is a $171,000 grant to research how monkeys gamble. Yes, you heard that correctly. Researchers actually taught monkeys to gamble to see if they could develop a hot-hand men-tality. Now let me put my cards on the table and explain what this means. Research-ers taught monkeys to keep gambling and keep playing, despite potential risk, in order to maximize their re-wards. Instead of earning money, which the monkeys weren’t going to take the money to a store and spend, the mon-keys were rewarded with food. It turns out the monkeys tried to get as much food as possible from their gambling game. In other words, knowing there was going to be the reward of more food if they kept gambling, the mon-keys kept gambling. First of all, I didn’t know monkeys could gamble so I guess we learned something there. Secondly, my bet is that taxpayers agree with me that there are much more pressing issues that deserve Federal funding. The second example I want to talk about is the nearly $2 million grant to Cornell University for a study on pop-ular landmark photos. This money was used to study photos that have been posted—I think we have a chart here. We actually found a picture of the monkeys gambling. Here are their chips. Somehow they taught them to gamble. They were rewarded with food. The monkeys figured out pretty quick-ly that if they kept gambling, they could get more food. It is not unlike my dog. We wake up in the morning, and the first one up in our house—my wife or myself—feeds the dog. If we forget to tell each other that we fed the dog—I go off to work, catch a plane to come back to Wash-ington—I get a call from my wife: Did you feed the dog? Yes, I did feed the dog. Well, she is sitting here begging, looking like, ‘‘Poor thing, I didn’t get anything to eat this morning’’—soulful eyes on Honey Hoosier. That is our dog, soulful eyes looking at you, ‘‘Oh, if you could just give me something to eat.’’ My wife says: I fed the dog because I thought you surely didn’t feed the dog because she looked so sad. Hey, she is gaming the whole pro-gram here. She is very successful with me because I look at her and say: Oh, you poor thing. Let me give you some food. And then my wife comes out later and says: You know, I fed the dog. I hope you didn’t feed her again. Anyway, the animals figured it out pretty quickly, and I don’t know what this leads to as a conclusion. All I know is, why should the taxpayer be paying for stuff like this? These are fun things maybe to do for somebody if they want to do them, I suppose, but the conclusions they come to, it may benefit society, but does it have to be done with taxpayer dollars? So on and on we go. The second issue here is this Cornell study on photos. The researchers claim they searched the 40 billion pages of Web sites with photos to make photo archives available to social science for research. In reality, the researchers ex-amined photos that had been uploaded to a popular photo-sharing site called Flickr and then determined some of the top photograph sites in the world. What did they find? Unsurprisingly, the most popular sites included the Eif-fel Tower, Big Ben, the Empire State Building. Unfortunately, the Indianap-olis Motor Speedway was not included, which is disturbing to me. They also found that the Apple store on Fifth Av-enue in New York City is more popular on Flickr than the White House. You can come to your own conclusions as to what you might think about that, but we have to ask ourselves: Was this basic Internet research really worth $2 million of taxpayer money? The re-searchers said it is because the work can help with online travel guides and improve social media sites’ ability to guess where a photo was taken. Help-ing improve online travel guides and social media geolocation services is not exactly part of the NSF’s original mis-sion, which I read to you. What can Congress do about these kind of things? One problem with Congress’s inability to crack down on wasteful spending is the lack of trans-parency, and what we are doing here is trying to be transparent. We are expos-ing to my colleagues, we are exposing to the American public the kind of waste that is going on with their hard- earned tax dollars. They sent their hard-earned tax dollars to Washington thinking that it would be invested in building new roads, infrastructure, pro-viding for our military defense, or the veterans who have come home and need support. No, instead it goes to grants that go to these kinds of crazy things. That is why I submitted an amendment to this week’s bill to require the Na-tional Science Foundation to publish the full documents submitted by NSF grant recipients outlining what the re-search will entail. We can no longer trust the decisionmaking process of the National Science Foundation. We want them to publish and provide docu-mentation to the Congress so we know who is and why they are making these decisions and where this money is going. As of today, the NSF provides only short summaries of the proposals that are awarded funds, but these sum-maries are very limited, and, of course, they are written in a way that makes it look as though it is legitimate and something that we really need to do. We cannot appropriately fix the prob-lem without all of the information and a clear understanding of the intent of the research grants that are awarded by the National Science Foundation. Taxpayers have a right to know how their money is being spent. Our ever-growing accumulation of wasted taxpayer dollars can now add over $2 million for gambling monkeys in a photo popularity contest, bringing our pricetag to nearly $176 billion of taxpayer money wasted on projects that really provide little or no benefit to the American people. That is what the inspectors general at the Govern-ment Accountability Office and others have determined, and this is not small change. People work really hard to raise this kind of money and are then taxed at a level of $176 billion only to see every dollar and every penny of that essentially wasted through fraud or abuse. I will keep coming to the floor, so stay tuned for next week’s revelation. I could probably come down and do this every day when the Senate is in session because I am just scratching the sur-face. We will keep pointing out how the people’s money is being spent, and hopefully on the basis of that, Congress will take action to make sure it no longer falls under the category of waste, fraud, and abuse. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BROWN. I ask unanimous con-sent to proceed as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VETERANS FIRST ACT  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues from the Veterans Affairs’ Committee for their work on the Veterans First Act. I just left the committee, where Senator I
SAKSON and Senator B
LUMENTHAL are in their typ-ical bipartisan way working together with the VA to improve veterans’ health care. I am appreciative of that. They will be on the floor later this afternoon to urge the Senate to move quickly on this important legislation for our Nation’s heroes. This comprehensive, bipartisan bill will grant vets and their families ex-panded benefits that will ensure that the VA has resources to provide vet-erans with the highest quality of care. No veteran should face exploitation by for-profit colleges, inadequate care, or life on the street. We address all these issues with this bill. This bill will expand educational op-portunities for veterans and their fami-lies, including my constituent, Melissa Twine. Ms. Twine is an Air Force vet-eran from Batavia, east of Cincinnati, in Clermont County. Her husband Phil-ip Twine died serving our country in the Air Force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.034 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4456 June 22, 2016 
The Fry Scholarship provides GI bill benefits to surviving spouses and chil-dren of servicemembers who have died in the line of duty since 9/11. However, when Congress extended the benefit to spouses in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, a 15- year limitation was put on these bene-fits. Captain Twine passed away in 2002, meaning that now, as his wife tries to go back to school to pursue her master’s degree, she and so many other surviving spouses don’t have the time to use this benefit. This bill will fix that and give veterans’ families the op-portunity to further their education. In addition to expanding the Fry Scholarship, the bill will expand the VA’s Yellow Ribbon Program to help students with out-of-pocket tuition and fees and to include all spouses and children of servicemembers who gave their lives fighting for our country. The bill also incorporates legislation I helped to introduce to restore GI bene-fits of veterans who lost credit or training time because their school per-manently closed. We have heard too many stories of shady, for-profit col-leges that close abruptly, leaving stu-dents and many veterans in limbo. This ensures the veterans don’t lose their GI benefits. We know that, shamefully, too many veterans don’t have a roof over their heads or a place to call home. The leg-islation incorporates elements of the Veteran Housing Stability Act, which would increase veterans’ access to per-manent housing options. This is an issue that we have been working on for years. Last year, I vis-ited organizations around Ohio that are doing terrific work to give veterans the support they need to get back on their feet and find permanent homes. With this bill we will give veterans the support they need. Even one veteran on the streets means Congress isn’t doing nearly enough to tackle this problem. The legislation also helps ensure whistleblowers at the VA can disclose concerns relating to veterans care without fearing retaliation. It expands a critical program to sup-port veteran caregivers. As a country, we made a promise to care for veterans in return for their service to this country. Far too often people in this body are willing to vote billions of dollars for defense but then not do what we should with veterans. This bill helps to change that. Right now, 9/11 veterans and their families al-ready take advantage of this critical support. This bill will make the same support available to families and vet-erans of all generations. I urge my colleagues to move quickly in this important legislation to protect and honor our Nation’s heroes. CONGRATULATING THE CLEVE-LAND CAVALIERS FOR WINNING THE 2016 NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION FINALS Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I know I will be joined in a few moments by my colleague from Ohio, Senator P
ORTMAN . I rise to make some remarks on a resolution Senator P
ORTMAN has sub-mitted with me. Mr. President, journalists and sports fans like to describe victories as ‘‘his-toric,’’ and often that is a bit of hyper-bole. But in the case of the Cleveland Cavaliers’ NBA championship win on Sunday, the word ‘‘historic’’ is war-ranted. Today, several hundred thousand people gathered in downtown Cleve-land. Senator P
ORTMAN and I talked about how we would have liked to have joined in. But we have these day jobs, and we just figured we couldn’t really go back. Today, literally hundreds of thousands of people are in downtown Cleveland. Some estimates were as high as almost all the adult population of Cuyahoga County. The numbers are pretty spectacular. The word ‘‘his-toric’’ is warranted in this Cavaliers victory on Sunday night. No other team in NBA history has come from a 3-to-1 series deficit in the finals, until now. No other major American city has gone so long as Cleveland has without winning a major league sports championship. It is fitting for my city—my wife and I call Cleveland home—that this cham-pionship came down to game 7. The se-ries played out like a metaphor for what this means in Cleveland—ever the underdog, down 3 games to 1. To understand what this victory means for our Midwestern city on the lake, think about the last time we won a championship in a major sport. None of the pages sitting here were born. In fact, some of their parents might not have yet been born. It was 1964. Lyndon Johnson was President. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., was in the middle of a very successful civil rights cam-paign. Robert Kennedy, who sat at this desk on the Senate floor, was still alive, campaigning for civil rights and economic justice. America was begin-ning to hear more and more about Vietnam on the evening news. We had no idea of the nightmare that it would become. The Beatles had just come to Amer-ica. We had three TV channels in Cleveland—channels 3, 5, and 8. The most popular shows were ‘‘Bonanza’’ and ‘‘Bewitched.’’ As a boy growing up in Mansfield— not far from Cleveland, about 70 miles—I watched with pride a little more than 2 years before that when Ohio’s John Glenn orbited the Earth in Friendship 7. The moon was still a dis-tant dream, and none of us had heard of astronaut Neil Armstrong. The Cleveland Browns with Jim Brown brought home the NFL cham-pionship for us that December. It wasn’t even called the Super Bowl back then. That is how long ago this was. It was called the NFL championship. Lit-tle did any of us know that we wouldn’t see another trophy for another half century. I was 12 years old at the time. The Cleveland Cavaliers did not exist. The NBA was much smaller. Three years earlier, the Indians had traded the beloved outfielder, the hero of all young fans. Rocco Colavito was traded away to Detroit. The Indians were in the midst of losing season after losing season. Within a year or 2, they put together a top-line four-person starting pitching staff—Sonny Siebert, Luis Tiant, Sam McDowell, Steve Hargan—but still the Cleveland Indians didn’t win. As a 10-year-old, a 12-year-old, and a 15-year-old, my dad would take us up old U.S. 42, often to see a double-head-er, back when they played those kinds of double-headers on Sunday. My dad would never take us to see the New York Yankees, a team he de-spised, because he knew that 15 or 20 cents of our ticket price would go to Mickey Mantle or Roger Maris and Yogi Berra and other Yankees. Every year I was naive to think the Indians would win the pennant. Never in those years would they even get close. By July, or certainly by August, it was clear even to this 12-year-old boy that the Indians were not going to win the pennant. For the next 52 years after the 1964 Browns championship, we were chal-lenged in the city of Cleveland. The manufacturing economy that sustained Northeast Ohio eroded with decades of policy choices that closed factories and shipped jobs overseas. Too often there was bad trade policy and bad tax pol-icy. The population of the city shrank to almost half its population from my boyhood, from my early years. Beginning in 1995, Ohio had 14 years of consecutive foreclosure increases, each year more than the year before. But today, downtown Cleveland is coming back, not just because hun-dreds of thousands of people are in downtown Cleveland celebrating this first NBA championship, but it is com-ing back. My wife and I moved into the city 3 years ago. We wanted to be a part of this renaissance, and we have seen the city beginning to return to its glory. Nothing has embodied the hope and the determination and the grit of our city like this team. We know that sports teams are far more than the sum of their parts. They are a point of con-nection for people in every walk of life in the city. There is a reason we have begun to call it Believeland. On Monday, a native Clevelander who had to move away from his hometown posted this on Facebook: 
We draw so much from our teams. It’s wound up in our identity—a token of the pride we have for the local tribe from which we came. 
My wife Connie reposted the man’s words that night, and hundreds chimed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.039 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4457 June 22, 2016 
in to explain the connection they felt to the Cavaliers and their fellow Cleve-landers. One woman said Cleveland sports were her connection to her fam-ily—her grandfather, her parents, aunts and uncles, cousins, some of whom have scattered across the State and across the country. Our faith had been tested for decades. For the past decade, the hopes of this city—at least in sports—rested on the shoulders of one talented young man. I watched LeBron James play in high school. His best friend’s mother worked with me in Akron. LeBron played for St. Vincent-St. Mary, a Catholic school. I saw him at the University of Akron arena, where the team played its home games because LeBron was so in demand that people all over North-east Ohio came to see him in high school. I saw him play at Barberton High School in the State tournament. We knew he was a star. You didn’t have to know much about basketball to know that. We were heartbroken when he went to Miami. But like families do, we welcomed him back with opened arms in 2014, and pretty much forgot that he had ever left—once an Ohioan, always an Ohioan. For the next 2 years, he carried the weight of our city’s championship dreams. He was all in, his city was all in, and this year, he and his team de-livered. King James will go down in the history books as perhaps the NBA’s greatest basketball player. I will de-bate that, if anybody would like. Cer-tainly, he is one of the greatest ath-letes of all time. He was unanimously named the 2016 NBA Finals MVP. He led all players in points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocked shots. Nobody has ever come close to doing that in any champion-ship series. His leadership was impor-tant, but the victory was surely was a team effort. Kyrie Irving scored 26 points in the final game and scored a crucial 3-point-er with less than 1 minute left. It was decisive. Coach Tyronn Lue and his coaching staff worked to put the team in a position to win. With the hopes and dreams of a city riding on them, win is what they did, ending that 52- year championship drought and restor-ing faith to Cleveland. I wish I could have been on East 9th Street this morning for the parade. My wife left home at 7 a.m. for what nor-mally should only have been a 20- minute drive to downtown. We live in the city, only 5 miles from downtown. She knew it would take at least an hour because of the crowds gathered. I am heading back to my office in a few moments to meet my colleague from the Golden State, Senator B
OXER . She owes Ohioans some beer. We bet Cleveland-brewed beer against Bay Area-brewed beer. She will be sporting a LeBron James jersey to make the de-livery. I had to do that last year. Turn-around is fair play. On behalf of my colleague Senator P
ORTMAN , who attended a number of the games and is as excited as I am about this, congratulations to the Cavaliers, congratulations to the city of Cleveland, and congratulations to the fans scattered far and wide across this country who never gave up, and now, on to next season. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of S. Res. 509, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 509) congratulating the Cleveland Cavaliers for winning the 2016 National Basketball Association Finals. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 509) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I yield to my friend from Ohio, Senator P
ORTMAN . Mr. PORTMAN. I thank my col-league, and I thank the Presiding Offi-cer. Wow, what an incredible week for Cleveland. While we are talking today, there are several hundred thousand fans walking down the streets in Cleve-land in an awesome parade. As much as I appreciate being in the Senate doing my constitutional duty in my day job, I wish I were there. I know Senator B
ROWN feels the same way. Because we cannot be there, we wanted to provide the resolution today at the time of the parade and be sure that all of our col-leagues know how proud we are of the Cavs and get them on record. We are trying not to rub it in too much with our California colleagues, although I will now say I have a case of Great Lakes beer in my refrigerator that otherwise would have gone to one of my Senate colleagues, Senator F
EIN-
STEIN . Instead, I get a case of Cali-fornia wine. That is nice because last year it was the other way around. What an amazing season and incred-ible finals. I did get a chance to go to some of the games. I lived in Cleveland for a brief time when I was a kid. At that time, Cleveland was not known as a great sports town. Jimmy Brown and the Cleveland Browns were our last team to win a championship in 1964. Fifty-two years is a long time. The drought is over, and the Cavs did it in the Northeast way. Northeast Ohio is an area where, through grit and deter-mination and perseverance, we are on the way back up. We are a comeback region. Cleveland is a comeback city, and that is exactly what happened. In many respects, the way we won the finals is the way we worked through the season with some of the challenges we had. We changed coaches in midstream, and every single player showed grit and determination. Wheth-er it was Iman Shumpert or Kevin Love or certainly Kyrie Irving and that in-credible 3-pointer in the seventh game, Tristan Thompson, and then, of course, the king—he really willed victory that night. Game 7—you saw the blocked shot at the end. You saw his layup at the end. He did get a triple-double that night. He not only got a triple-double, but throughout the entire series, he was a star in the sense that—and this has never happened in the finals before, ever. He did have more blocked shots, he did have more assists, he did have more points, he did have more re-bounds, and he did have more steals than any player on either team. When you think about that, it is extraor-dinary. In my view, he is the greatest basketball player living today, and he will go down in history, because of this one series, as being the guy who really pulled Cleveland over the line. I went to the fourth game. This was the game we lost in Cleveland. We were down 3 to 1. No one has ever come back to win a series being down 3 to 1 in the finals, ever. But the fans did not give up that night. More importantly, the players I talked about and the other players who came off the bench and did an awesome job never gave up. They never gave up because they had that grit and perseverance which character-izes Northeast Ohio and because they wanted to make good on the promise. When LeBron James came back to Cleveland, what did he say? He said: I am going to bring my hometown, my home area, a championship. Born and raised in Akron, he was a high school player who was a phenomenon. He is a guy who loves his State, loves North-east Ohio. I think he summed it all up when he came back and said: I am going to deliver a championship. I think he was very emotional after game 7, in part because his goal, his dream—not for himself but for Cleve-land—was finally accomplished. About Cleveland and Northeast Ohio, he says it is an area where you work hard and you earn it. He said that you don’t get success just for your talent, just through showing up; you get your success by working hard and earning it. That is a great message. It is a mes-sage that he has imbued in the minds of young people all over Northeast Ohio, specifically in Akron, where so many young men and young women have been able to be more successful in life thanks to his efforts, his funding his foundation to help them get through high school and get into col-lege. He has told them: This is about grit, perseverance, hard work, and dis-cipline. You don’t just get there be-cause of your talent. He is probably the most talented ath-lete I know, but, as we saw in game 7, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.040 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4458 June 22, 2016 
it wasn’t just about talent, it was about perseverance, determination, and focus. I am very proud of the Cavs. I am very proud of the way they won. I am proud of Cleveland. As you know, the Republican conven-tion is coming up in Cleveland. Some-one asked me today: Do you think they will take down the Cavs posters? I said: I hope not. This is all part of a big celebration. It was great for Cleveland in terms of the hotels and restaurants being full, certainly great for the economy to have the finals, but more importantly, it is great for the spirit of Cleveland and consistent with the comeback city, consistent with this notion that, yes, we have had tough times before, we have had our share of challenges in Cleveland, and we still do, but we are Believeland, Cleveland. We believe. We believe that through hard work and perseverance, we can make progress and we can be successful, just as the Cavs were during this final series. I also thank Dan Gilbert, the owner of the team. He is the guy who worked hard to get the team back together, to get the band back together. I am sure bringing together Kyrie Irving, Kevin Love, Tristan Thompson, and certainly the king, LeBron James—you know it is not easy to bring all those players together and make it all work and gel, but Gilbert believed. Gilbert believes in Cleveland. He is a Detroit guy, but he believes in Cleveland. He has made a big investment in Cleveland in other ways in the community and in the eco-nomic development there, and cer-tainly what the Cavs just did assisted in that. Ultimately, this is a celebration, not just because they won the finals, but because of the way they did it. It was a tough season. They switched coaches in midstream. They had some injuries back and forth. They did it the hard way—through perseverance, determina-tion, and hard work. I am proud of Cleveland. Senator B
ROWN and I are proud to have this res-olution before the Senate today. We are pleased it passed with unanimous consent. That doesn’t happen with ev-erything in the U.S. Congress, as some of you may have noticed, but it cer-tainly happens here because in this case the Cavaliers earned it. You earn it in Northeast Ohio, and that is what they did. I am proud of them. Thank you for allowing us to present this resolution. And Go Cavs. We are all in. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016—Continued Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to address the Senate as in morning busi-ness. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. FAA REAUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I am here to speak on the FAA reauthoriza-tion and several things and stories that have arisen in the last few days which are very discouraging to me and trou-blesome to a cause I care a lot about. I am an advocate for general avia-tion, and I was pleased the Senate was able to pass the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2016 by a vote of 95 to 3—95 to 3, this Senate approved legislation reau-thorizing the FAA for the next 18 months. It is an unusual occurrence around here when anything passes 95 to 3. I also would indicate our committee voted—I am a member of the Com-merce Committee—unanimously to re-port that bill to the Senate in a favor-able recommendation, again dem-onstrating overwhelmingly bipartisan support in regard to this aviation legis-lation. Kansas is an aviation State. Wichita and South Central Kansas are known as the significant provider of air-planes—general aviation airplanes and parts. We have lots of subcontractors in that process. We are also a rural State. In fact, Wichita is known as the air capital of the world. In addition to the manufacturing sector, which is so important to our State’s economy, so important to our ability to compete globally, we are a rural State, and air-planes and airports matter to us great-ly. So while we care a lot about the manufacturing of general aviation air-planes, we also care a lot about air-ports and their ability to take care of flights coming in and out of small com-munities across our State and cer-tainly across the country. That general aviation airport is a connection to the rest of the world, and it allows for med-ical expertise to be flown into a com-munity in lifesaving efforts, but just on a more day-to-day basis, it allows for us to have access to customers, to suppliers, to clients because we have manufacturing and other businesses in rural communities across Kansas whose connection with their customer base and suppliers is through that air-port. In the absence of general aviation manufacturing, our State suffers great-ly, but in the absence of general avia-tion airports, our State would suffer greatly as well. What I am worried about is the House has not acted in any positive way on the passage of this bill, and the deadline of July 15 is rapidly approach-ing. If the House does not take up the Senate-passed version, what that would mean is the expectation—in fact, the stated circumstance is the House would pass a short-term extension of the cur-rent FAA legislation and leave the Senate bill hanging. Many of the folks in this Senate who have served longer than I have would recognize the history of this issue, where one extension after another was required because consensus was never developed, and the leadership was not provided to resolve the differences over the years on FAA reauthorization. The point I wish to make by being on the Senate floor and expressing my views to my colleagues is, do not allow us to get into this position again where we would have a series of extensions of the FAA legislation. We need the House to act on the Sen-ate bill that is pending in their com-mittee, that is pending on the House side, and differences need to be re-solved. At the moment, the House has not passed an FAA reauthorization bill. Time is short. On July 15, the cur-rent law expires. My plea to my col-leagues in the House, where I formerly served, is to take up the Senate bill, address the issues you want as Mem-bers of the House, representing your constituency, and send the bill back to us so we can conference this issue and have a more long-term reauthorization bill. Certainty matters. Certainty matters to the manufacturers in Kansas. Cer-tainty matters to the airports and the pilots who utilize those airports. Do not allow us, once more, to be in this circumstance of an extension one time after another and the uncertainty that provides. It is my view that it would be a shame if the important reforms in-cluded in the bill the Senate approved in such an overwhelming fashion were held up by the House, in large part be-cause of a significant controversial proposal to privatize the national air traffic control system. It sharply di-vides Congress. Everything I have read publicly and everything I have heard from my friends and colleagues, former colleagues in the House, is that there are not the necessary votes present to pass that provision in the House. From my own experience in the Senate, those votes don’t exist in the Senate Com-merce Committee and they do not exist on the Senate floor. So let’s not tie up this bill over a proposal that does not have the votes to pass, and let’s not lose the oppor-tunity to take advantage of the re-forms that were included in the Senate FAA reauthorization bill. We should not consider what would be called a clean extension of the FAA, when the authorization under our bill is the same length. The House is talking about sending us an 18-month exten-sion. The Senate bill, as passed, is an 18-month extension. What would be missing are reforms we have worked so hard to include after significant amounts of testimony, after a number of hearings and conversations within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.041 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4459 June 22, 2016 
the Commerce Committee to make cer-tain we were doing good work. Don’t let that opportunity pass us by. So my point in having this, in this case, monologue—hopefully a dialogue with my colleagues on the Senate floor—is, first of all, to make sure we stand firm. I am a Senator who would be opposed to a short-term, even 18- month extension, if it does not include the broad array of things the Senate has included in our bill. My message to my House colleagues and friends is this: Don’t bog this proc-ess down in a way that makes it impos-sible for us to pass the reauthorization legislation to begin with. These are im-portant issues that we ought not let be sidetracked by a proposal that remains dubious, and with great concern is con-sidered by Members of Congress. As I said earlier, every indication that I know and see is that this proposal would not receive support in the Sen-ate or even in the House. So my request once again to the House of Representatives is this: Please take up the Senate bill and work your will in that bill but send us something more than just a short-term extension that doesn’t include the im-portant and necessary reforms and im-provements that the Senate-passed bill does. Mr. President, I appreciate the oppor-tunity to have a conversation about this topic. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, whenever government acts, it does so inevitably, unavoidably necessarily at the expense of individual freedom, at the expense of individual liberty and autonomy. This doesn’t mean every act by government is bad—quite the contrary. We need government. We need it to protect us from those who would un-dermine our liberty, those who would interfere with it, those who would harm us personally, whether physically or in some other way. But just as it doesn’t mean that every act by govern-ment is bad, we should also not be too quick to leap to any conclusion that any and every act of government is good. We have to balance liberty, privacy, autonomy with our corresponding needs for security and physical protec-tion. These things need not be deemed irreconcilable with one another. They can exist in the same universe. In fact, when they are properly balanced, our privacy and our liberty become far from incompatible with our physical security, far from at odds with our need for protection. They can become part of the same whole. In other words, in this respect, our privacy is not at odds with our security. Our privacy is in fact part of our security. To be truly secure means there are limits as to what the government can do to you. It means there are limits as to what information the government can obtain. There are limits as to how the government may go about getting information about you. There are lim-its as to what the government can do to you in depriving you of any of your fundamental rights. We are here this week, as we had been last week, in the wake of a trag-edy, a horrible tragedy in Orlando, one in which 49 people were killed. Forty- nine people lost their lives at the hands of Omar Mateen, an individual who had pledged allegiance to ISIS. This is the worst terrorist attack we have seen on U.S. soil since that tragic day on Sep-tember 11, 2001. I do want to make clear that pre-tending this attack was simply a crime of gun violence would be an exercise in willful denial and in political theater. Ignoring it altogether is also not some-thing we can or should do, but it is im-portant to make clear, even when—and I would argue especially when—a trag-edy like this prompts Congress or any legislative body to act. It is in those moments we have to be very careful of how we act. We have to remember there is this tension. We have to remember, especially in those moments when we are feeling the anx-iety of an attack, feeling the anxiety of some tragedy, that we have to be very careful to make sure the rights of our fellow Americans are not undermined as we try, in our zeal, perhaps with the best intentions, to make sure we do what we can to protect ourselves. We have been addressing a couple of provisions this week. One we voted on earlier today is a proposal brought for-ward from the senior Senator from Ari-zona, an individual for whom I have great respect. Nonetheless, his proposal is one that troubles me. His proposal is one that would have given law enforce-ment officers, law enforcement agen-cies the power to access Americans’ Internet browsing history and email metadata. These are things that can be analyzed to reveal the most intimate details of a person’s life, the most inti-mate details of how a person thinks, a person’s thought processes, and to do so, moreover, without a warrant, with-out probable cause, without any kind of judicial review by a Federal court or any other court, for that matter, is a problem. This interferes with some of our most fundamental rights, and I believe it is incompatible at least with the spirit, if not also the letter, of the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which provides that in order for the government to gain access to your pa-pers, your person, your residence, it has to do so in a particular way. For example, if it wants to get a warrant to search through your papers, it has to go to court, and it has to establish what is called probable cause. It has to show evidence demonstrating probable cause that a crime has been committed and a reason to look at a particular thing in a particular place. It can’t simply say: Trust us. We have a good reason. A government agency or a group of government agents can’t sim-ply say: Trust us. We are doing the right thing here. We have your security interests at heart. No, they have to go to a judge—somebody who is in a dif-ferent branch of government. They have to show evidence they need it; that they need it based on evidence demonstrating probable cause of a crime, showing some kind of a connec-tion between what they want to search and the crime. This was understood by the founding generation. The founding generation may not have been familiar with the Internet. In fact, it didn’t exist. It wouldn’t be invented for a couple of centuries after that, but they were very familiar with these same con-cepts. They were very familiar with the need for privacy, the need to restrain government, and the need to make sure people don’t live in constant fear that the government is going to start rifling through their personal effects without some reason, without probable cause. Nor were they unaware of the fact that tragedies would happen. The Founding Fathers fully under-stood that tragedies arise. They under-stood that violence erupts from time to time and that people engage in lawless behavior from time to time that threatens not only the lives of indi-vidual citizens but also threatens to undermine the very foundations of our society. Yet, notwithstanding this well-developed grasp they had of the existence of tragedy and the risk that people could do harm, notwithstanding the fact that they themselves had been revolutionaries just a few years earlier, and notwithstanding that many of these people who had a hand in the drafting of our Constitution and draft-ing and ratification of the Bill of Rights had themselves been revolution-aries and had themselves witnessed and in some cases even been a part of the violence that propelled the American Revolution, they understood it was im-perative that we constrain the power of government relative to the liberty in-terest protected within the Bill of Rights, relative for our purposes here to the zone of interest of the Fourth Amendment. They understood that, and they understood it well. They also understood that if someone had papers in their home, those papers would be protected by the Fourth Amendment regardless of whether the papers had been written by the person residing in that home. They likewise understood the possibility that in some instances the papers might not even be kept at home; they might be kept somewhere else. But they understood that there were zones in which people had a legitimate and reasonable expec-tation of privacy, and it is in those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.043 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4460 June 22, 2016 
areas where things need to be pro-tected, regardless of who wrote the pa-pers in question or where they might be located. If they were in an area where there was a reasonable expecta-tion of privacy, the government has to follow certain procedures. Here is why I worry about the meas-ure offered by the Senator from Ari-zona. It is because this would get at the very privacy interest that is sup-posed to be protected by the Fourth Amendment. If passed, this would give law enforcement agencies the author-ity to access your Internet browsing history and email metadata, meaning data about whom you emailed, who emailed you, and when the trans-missions occurred, without probable cause, without a warrant, without any review by a Federal court and without any review by any court. This is a problem, and it is a problem because, as I think most Americans can appreciate—certainly most Ameri-cans outside Washington, DC, can ap-preciate—the papers referenced in the Fourth Amendment would absolutely have to include electronic papers, such as records regarding your browsing his-tory. Your browsing history is just like papers you might collect in your home for your own reading, and regardless of whether you had authored the papers in question, they wouldn’t lose their protection simply because someone else had authored them. The fact that you had them in your home and the fact that you had obviously been re-viewing them by virtue of their loca-tion in your home says a lot, perhaps, about what your interests are. We un-derstand that your interests are not necessarily the government’s business simply because someone in the govern-ment arbitrarily decides that is going to be the case. There is another measure that we will be reviewing and that we expect to vote on later this week, and it is an amendment that has been proposed by another one of my esteemed col-leagues, the senior Senator from Maine. This amendment would prevent anyone appearing on a particular list, such as the no-fly list or selectee list— these lists are maintained for the pur-pose of trying to track those who should perhaps not be allowed to board an airplane or, in the case of the se-lectee list, individuals who have been determined to be candidates for addi-tional screening at airports before boarding a plane—from purchasing firearms, denying Americans their Sec-ond Amendment rights based on a mere suspicion that the FBI might have in-formation which shows that the person in question is engaged in terrorist ac-tivity. There are a couple of things that worry me about this, notwithstanding the good intentions underlying it. This one implicates not only the Second Amendment, which protects Americans and their right to bear arms, but it also implicates the Fifth Amendment, which guarantees that we won’t be de-prived of life, liberty, or property with-out due process of law. If this provi-sion, as it is now written and as I have read it in its current formation, were to become law, it would, as I under-stand it, allow the government to take away your Second Amendment rights— anyone’s Second Amendment rights— based on a mere suspicion and not based on probable cause, although I don’t believe that in and of itself would be enough either. It would allow that right to be taken away, and it would do so without any opportunity for the citizen affected by this action to challenge this decision prior to the deprivation. It would, to be sure, set up a procedure whereby some-one could go into court and challenge the action taken by the government, but, as I read the proposal, the govern-ment would end up winning. It would end up winning based on this same rea-sonable suspicion standard. Let me explain what that means. Reasonable suspicion refers to the rel-atively low threshold of legal justifica-tion required before a police officer may initiate a stop—what we call a noncustodial stop or what lawyers sometimes refer to as a Terry stop—to engage in a conversation with a cit-izen. Before a police officer pulls you over—for example, if you are driving in your car, the police officer has to have a reasonable, articulable suspicion that a law has been violated, and that rea-sonable, articulable suspicion can’t be just based on an unparticularized sus-picion or a hunch but must be based on some type of objective observation in-dicative of a possible violation of the law. But it is a relatively low thresh-old, and for that reason—when reason-able suspicion exists and therefore jus-tifies a brief noncustodial stop—that stop may continue only for as long as it takes for the officer to either con-firm or refute the initial basis for the suspicion, and usually that means not very long unless, of course, during the stop they learn more information which may lead to probable cause. That leads us to probable cause. What does that do? Well, probable cause is there. Probable cause is the standard used. It is a higher standard and requires more evidence, more of a showing, and more of a likelihood that some kind of a violation of the law has occurred. I mentioned probable cause a mo-ment ago as being the standard used to determine whether the government can get a warrant. It is also a standard used in deciding whether the police have authority to undertake an arrest, but it is not a permanent thing. Those persons who are convicted and in cus-tody have the right to a trial. At the end of that trial, they have a right to have a jury make a determination about guilt. The jury is supposed to make that determination on the basis of a standard that says that based on the evidence, they can conclude beyond a reasonable doubt that a crime has been committed. It seems odd that we would allow a court to take away a fundamental con-stitutional right without any review prior to that constitutional depriva-tion and thereafter purport to allow a challenge to that action by the govern-ment but say that the government will prevail if the government can show reasonable suspicion on the part of the person whose due process rights have been deprived. Again, we have to get back to the fact that we have very good intentions that are animating the legislative pro-posals we have been reviewing. We have an understandable reaction to these tragic deaths that have occurred in Or-lando, FL. Yet even in those cir-cumstances—and I would add espe-cially in those circumstances—we have to be especially vigilant and not less vigilant about protecting the rights of each individual American citizen. Those rights are fundamental. They are not to be tinkered with. The dignity of the human soul is at the core of our constitutional Republic. It is the very reason it is so important that we have to balance the govern-ment’s action and the interest that we pursue in the name of security with liberty and privacy. The two don’t have to be at odds with each other; they can be in conflict. And in the end I believe that our security is not at odds with our privacy. Properly understood, our privacy is part of our security. In fact, we cannot be truly secure unless we are secure from unlawful, unwarranted, and unjust actions by the government, and this is why we can’t be too quick to jump. This is why we can’t be too eager to expand government authority without analyzing the basic constitu-tional and fundamental liberties that are at stake. I have been inspired by the example of an Englishman named John Wilkes, who was a member of Parliament. John Wilkes found himself living through a very real deprivation of liberty and a very real intrusion into his privacy. He found himself at the receiving end of a general warrant issued by the adminis-tration of King George III. His offense was criticizing the administration of King George III in a publication called the North Briton. The North Briton 45 criticized the King and the King’s min-isters, and for that, John Wilkes had his house aggressively searched. It was effectively ransacked by officers who were searching for something, and they were doing so pursuant to a general warrant, a warrant that basically said: Those involved in the publication of North Briton 45 have engaged in illegal activity. Go find the people responsible for this and search any and all places and things that might contain relevant information regarding this offense. There was no particular area that was required under that warrant. Well, this was incompatible with the rights of Englishmen at the time, and so John Wilkes fought the King’s offi-cials in court. He eventually won not only his freedom, but he also secured a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.047 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4461 June 22, 2016 
civil judgment against the King and was awarded substantial money dam-ages. As a result of this fight, John Wilkes became a hero throughout England and in America at the time. The number 45 associated with North Briton 45, the of-fending publication, became synony-mous with the name of John Wilkes, and both the name of John Wilkes and the number 45 became synonymous with the cause of liberty on both sides of the Atlantic because of the fact that truth resonates with people, particu-larly with those people who believe in freedom. People on both sides of the Atlantic understood that John Wilkes’s cause was a just cause and that he should be congratulated for this. It was the example of John Wilkes that was still well known at the time of the American Revolution. It was still fresh in the minds of the American people at the time the Constitution was drafted in 1787 and took effect a couple of years later and by the time the Fourth Amendment was ratified and amended after that. These early Americans and these pa-triots on the other side of the Atlantic understood this very same principle: that our liberty and our privacy on the one hand are not inevitably incompat-ible or irreconcilably at odds with our security and our protection. The two can be balanced, and that balance has been struck. That balance was struck more than two centuries ago. It was struck and put in place in our Con-stitution. Our Constitution does contain these protections, at least three of which are relevant to our discussions here with the Second Amendment and the Fourth Amendment and the Fifth Amendment. We cannot sidestep them just because something bad is happening. In fact, it is especially when something bad has happened that we realize we are not the first generation of Americans to experience bad things, to experience vi-olence. We are not the first generation of Americans who have understood that when we give government too much power in those circumstances, other bad things will happen. We can protect ourselves and at the same time protect our liberty. We can do both. The Constitution requires both. So I say to those who think this is a fool’s errand, we can, in fact, do these things. We can, we must, and together I hope and I pray that we will. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
VETERANS FIRST ACT  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, as the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee of the Senate, I am pleased to be joined on the floor today by Senator T
ILLIS , Senator R OUNDS , Senator C AS-
SIDY, and Senator B LUMENTHAL , who will follow later, to take about 45 min-utes to discuss with the citizens of our country, Members of the U.S. Senate, and, most importantly, those people who have served in our military around the world for years and years, the Vet-erans First Act, accountability in the Veteran’s Administration, and ensur-ing the proper services to our veterans who served our country so well. As chairman of the committee, first I want to say how indebted I am to Sen-ator BLUMENTHAL of Connecticut, my ranking member, who has done out-standing work in developing this legis-lation. Senator T
ILLIS , Senator R
OUNDS , and Senator C ASSIDY have done great work. We are proud to be a part of what is a great piece of legisla-tion that will address many of the questions that have been raised about the treatment of our veterans over the years. There is a chart here, and I wish to read these headlines that every Amer-ican has read over the last year and a half. ‘‘VA abandons law aimed at firing employees.’’ That was June 17 of this year in the Stars and Stripes, where Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, and Secretary McDonald of the VA announced they were not going to enforce the Veterans Choice Act and the laws that gave them the authority to bring about ac-countability and discipline at the VA. Why did that come about? I will tell you why it came about. This headline is from November 11, 2015: ‘‘Veterans Affairs pays $142 mil-lion in bonuses amidst scandals.’’ That rocked the country, it rocked our com-mittee, and it rocked the U.S. Senate. June 3, 2016: ‘‘Half a million veterans still waiting a month or more for VA care.’’ February 1, 2016: ‘‘Judge overturns demotion of VA official accused in job scam.’’ In the past 2 years, we have had peo-ple fired by the VA in Arizona and in Pennsylvania who appealed their firing and were reestablished by the courts or the Merit Systems Protection Board at full pay back in the jobs they had. There is no accountability. Secretary McDonald, as good a job as he tries to do, has no teeth behind whatever it is that he says. The 314,000 employees who are part of the veterans health system have an ability, if they are fired, to appeal. That appeal can be drug out over periods of time as long as 9 months, and they can serve with pay until the appeal is finally heard. There is no swift judgment in the VA. There is no accountability in the VA. There is no culture of accountability in the VA. I have been joined by members of the committee, and 3
1⁄2weeks ago every member of the committee, Republican and Democrat alike, voted unani-mously for the Veterans First bill. There was not a single dissenting vote. Why? Because it first of all hits the heart and strikes the point we all know needs to be struck. That is No. 1. No. 2, it is bipartisan and has as many Repub-lican proposals as it does Democratic proposals, but most importantly it has American proposals. When you are on the battlefield, when you have that M–14 rifle, when you are charging the hill, you are not a Republican, you are not a Democrat, you are an American. Our veterans, who have served us, fought for us, risked their lives for us, and in some cases died for us, deserve the respect, the treatment, and bene-fits they were promised when they signed up for duty. So we have introduced the veterans accountability bill; it is called the Vet-erans First bill. I wish to speak very quickly and briefly about why it brings accountability to the VA. First of all, there are 434 senior man-agers of the Veterans’ Administration, the executive leadership, the senior ex-ecutive leadership—434 of them. Every one of those people now can be fired unless they go before the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, which can rein-state them. We take away the Merit Systems Protection Board protections for senior management and give Sec-retary McDonald the power to hire them and the power to fire them, and if they appeal their firing, they appeal to Secretary McDonald, not to some in-nocuous court or some third party. So the boss is really finally the boss, and on his shoulders becomes the responsi-bility for performing at the VA. Secondly, in terms of the rank-and- file members of the VA, we say: Yes, if you are fired, you have a right to ap-peal. If you are fired, you get 10 days to respond, and when you make an appeal, you get 11 days for an answer. Once you get that answer, if you appeal it, you go home without pay until the appeal is over. In other words, justice is swift, accountability is swift, and the em-ployee responds accordingly. Thirdly, we all know that whistle-blowers are an integral part of an ac-countability system. Having the pro-tection and the ability for an employee within an agency to go out and say: Look, I have seen something wrong in my agency. I want to tell you about it, but I want the protection as a whistle-blower to be protected by the manage-ment—we put an office of whistle-blower protection in the Veterans’ Ad-ministration so those employees will know we want to hear their criticism and we want to know when they see something going wrong, and we want to give them the protection to do so. If they abuse it, they will be punished, but if they use it for the right reasons, we will have a better VA and a more responsible and a more accountable VA. Talking about accountability, what is the least accountable thing that has happened for years in the VA? The overprescription of opioids and the Tomah case in Wisconsin. This bill re-forms opioid treatment in the Vet-erans’ Administration. It moves away from handing out opioids like candy. Instead, it addresses the real problems of mental health and PTSD and TBI. We go through all of those issues that have confronted the Veterans’ Ad-ministration that serves our veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.048 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4462 June 22, 2016 
We do everything we can to improve it, but first and foremost, we have ac-countability. The VA doesn’t lack for money. They have averaged 9.2 percent more money every year in appropriations over the last 4 years. That is bigger than any agency of government. They are not short of employees. It is the second largest agency of the Federal Govern-ment, with 414,000 employees. They have a singular mission, and that is to take care of the veterans who have taken care of us. We need to see to it that they do it and if they don’t, that they are held accountable. The VA is full of employees who do a great job. In fact, I will tell you from having run a company myself, it is al-ways the 99 percent who do a good job; it is the 1 percent who do a bad job, and they give us a bad name. But if you have a system to hold that 1 percent accountable when they fall and don’t do well, you have a system that works together and you create teamwork. We are all about creating a change in the culture of the Veterans’ Adminis-tration, so we improve the Veterans’ Administration for its service to our veterans. The Veterans First Act, which is now pending and will soon come to the floor, hopefully under a UC, is an act that does exactly that. So when you go home to your con-stituents who say, What is it is about these bonuses going to people who aren’t doing their job? What is it about veterans waiting longer than 30 days for an appointment? What is it about a Veterans’ Administration job scam get-ting overturned by a judge to get their job back? What is it about an agency that can’t seem to enforce discipline and have accountability in the agency? You tell them that is no more because this Senate, this Congress, this coun-try is going to see to it that our vet-erans get the service they deserve and that our Veterans’ Administration has the accountability it needs and must have. With that said, I would like to take a second, if I can, and yield to the Sen-ator from South Dakota, Mr. R
OUNDS . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, it is truly an honor to work with the Sen-ator from Georgia, the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I can tell you that on behalf of the 72,000 vet-erans from South Dakota, it is work that needs to be done. We appreciate the service of the chairman and the service of the ranking member in mak-ing this a bipartisan effort. Unfortunately, many of our Nation’s heroes aren’t receiving the quality of health care they have been promised due to decades of mismanagement and ongoing problems with the VA. It is not acceptable, as the chairman has pointed out. In fact, of all the calls we receive in my State asking for help with Federal agencies, over half of all of those calls are coming from veterans seeking help with VA issues. These vet-erans in South Dakota and across the entire country continue to experience problems with health care delivery at the VA, including backlogs, long wait times, and frequent billing errors. As we seek to address these issues within the entire VA system, account-ability is as important as it has ever been. The Veterans First Act takes meaningful steps to hold the VA ac-countable and in turn improve the care for our veterans, which is the most im-portant priority of all. This legislation, the Veterans First Act, puts the needs of our veterans first by addressing the lack of account-ability at the VA. Unfortunately, the administration last week announced that it would not defend a provision of the Veterans Choice Act, which was passed with strong majorities in both Chambers of Congress in 2014 and was signed by the President. In response, the VA announced last week it would no longer use its expedited removal au-thority to hold VA senior executives accountable, given this Justice Depart-ment decision. Regardless of the legal arguments surrounding this issue, the fact is that as a result of the VA’s deci-sion, we are now back to pre-Phoenix scandal accountability at the VA. We owe it to our veterans to make certain they receive the best care pos-sible and not have the agency respon-sible for that care refuse to remove nonperforming or even criminally act-ing officials from important positions, as Congress granted the VA the right to do in the Veterans Choice Act 2 years ago. This is also important given that until recently, the VA didn’t have a permanent inspector general, or IG, in the last 2 years. Inspectors general are impartial and independent units within most Federal agencies whose duty it is to provide accountability and oversight to combat waste, fraud, and abuse within the government. During that same timeframe, the VA has been plagued with some of the worst scan-dals and mismanagement in the agen-cy’s history, and our veterans have paid the price. Some have even died. While I am glad that Inspector Gen-eral Missal is now in office and can begin to address some of the VA’s fraud and waste allegations, it is still too lit-tle too late. That is why the bipartisan Veterans First Act is so important. Our bill will take strong, definitive, immediate steps to hold VA employees account-able for their actions. Let me give some examples of what this bill includes. It will shorten the grievance process, making it easier to dismiss VA officials who breached the trust of the veterans they are supposed to serve. It will remove the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board from the appeal process for senior executives, and it ex-pedites, when necessary, the removal of any employees at the—executives and rank-and-file employees alike. You don’t have to take my word for it, and you don’t have to take the word of any Senator in this body; you can simply listen to the words of Secretary McDonald himself. On Monday he stat-ed—this is a quote from Secretary McDonald of the VA: The answer to the whole thing in my opin-ion is the Veterans First Act. The provisions that Senator I
SAKSON and Senator B
LUMENTHAL have put in the Veterans First Act we all support. VA supports them. The Republican party in the Senate supports them. The Democratic party in the Senate supports them. We really think that this is the ultimate answer. I’m hoping the Vet-erans First Act will get passed soon. 
This bill also includes a number of provisions that I have offered to im-prove accountability and care at the VA, such as the Veterans Choice Equal Cost for Care Act, which amends the Choice Act by eliminating the sec-ondary payer clause to make certain veterans do not pay more for private care under the Choice Act than they would have if they were seen at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs facility. The key to that is right now we have veterans going in and getting care at a private facility and assuming that the VA is going to pick up the cost for them, and then they find out that under the current plan where the VA is a secondary payer only, they have to pick up their own deductibles, which they are not being reimbursed for, be-cause the VA is secondary, not pri-mary. That is wrong. That was not the intent of the Choice Act in the first place. The Veterans First Act takes care of that issue and will take care of a huge amount of the challenges we have right now with the Choice Act. Also, the Veterans Health Adminis-tration Spending and Transparency Oversight Act is legislation that re-quires the Veterans Health Adminis-tration, or VHA, to produce an annual report to Congress detailing the cost of the health care that it provides to our veterans. Having accurate cost ac-counting by the VHA will help Con-gress identify legislation options aimed at better health care for our Nation’s veterans. I am proud to be an original cospon-sor of the Veterans First Act, and I thank the members of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, especially Chair-man I
SAKSON , Ranking Member B
LUMENTHAL , and all the Members here today for working together to produce meaningful bipartisan reforms at the VA. Our Nation’s veterans, who are now defending and have selflessly defended and protected our freedoms, deserve that same commitment from the coun-try they so proudly fought for and de-fended. With that, Mr. President, I would like to yield back to the chairman. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the distin-guished Senator from South Dakota. I appreciate his commitment to the committee and to the many men and women of the armed services from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.050 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4463 June 22, 2016 
Dakotas and from all the United States of America. I am pleased to recognize Senator T
HOM TILLIS from North Carolina—the home of Camp Lejeune and the home of many military installations, such as Fort Bragg—and I am proud to have him as one of the cosponsors of the Veterans First bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I am proud to represent North Caro-lina. North Carolina has nearly 1 mil-lion veterans in the State. When you add to that the members of the armed services inactive and in the Reserve and the National Guard, we are over 1.2 million people. They, too, will become veterans someday. We need to fix this so that the problems our veterans are experiencing today are not experienced by the men and women who are fight-ing for our freedom wherever we ask them to go. Mr. President, I know you know a lot about the lack of accountability in the VA within your great State of Colo-rado. We have problems. We have to in-crease the accountability in the VA. In 2014, in the wake of the Phoenix wait list scandal, Congress came together and demanded accountability. That is why they passed the Veterans Choice Act. When the President signed the bill into law, he stated: 
If you engage in unethical practice, if you cover up a serious problem, you should be fired. Period. It shouldn’t be that difficult. 
Now we are hearing just recently that apparently in consultation with the President, Attorney General Lynch and the Justice Department have de-cided not to defend the Veterans Choice Act against the constitutional challenge from Sharon Helman, the former director of the Phoenix VA who sat on top of this scandal and was fired for her role denying veterans’ access. This same disgraced VA executive also pled guilty to hiding more than $50,000 in gifts from lobbyists. She embodies the very worst of the worst of the small percentage of the VA who need to be held to a higher standard of ac-countability. Then we add insult to injury. The VA decided not to use its expedited re-moval authority to hold VA executives accountable. Because of these actions, we are now back to square one, as if the President did not even sign that bill. Now, I should have started at the be-ginning, though, to thank Senator I
SAKSON for his yeoman’s work in sup-port of veterans. He is a fantastic chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. He brings people together. That is why the Veterans First Act was unanimously supported in the com-mittee. It is bipartisan on steroids. Ev-erybody thinks that this bill needs to go into law and that the VA needs to be held accountable. We need to pass the Veterans First Act. There are a number of things in this act that even go beyond account-ability, and I note in the colloquy that other elements of this act will be brought up. I will bring up a few of them. One of them has to do with the opioid safety act. What we are trying to do is improve the safety and super-vision of treatment plans for veterans who legitimately need some sort of pain medication, possibly an opioid prescription regimen. As to the Whistleblower Protection Act, we need more people with their eyes and ears in the VA who are com-fortable saying: Something isn’t right here, and I need to be able to report up and know my job is not at risk because I am doing the right thing. That is in the Veterans First Act. The other thing we need to do is to get back to what we tried to accom-plish in the 2014 bill—fire people who are not doing their job, fire people who are being unethical, fire people who are not putting veterans at the very top of the list. That is why the VA exists. The VA doesn’t exist for their own sake. The VA exists for providing the care that the veterans deserve. They should get it on a timely basis. When there are no reasonable excuses for some of these wait times and we find that it is the people who are causing the problem, those people should be held accountable. The senior members should be held accountable, and they should be able to be terminated with-out any sort of review subject to the discretion of the Secretary of the VA. Ladies and gentlemen, it is time for us to act on the Veterans First Act. It is time for us to get back to fulfilling the promise that this President made just a couple of years ago. It is time to put veterans first. I want to thank all of my colleagues here. I want to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who I know share this view. We need to get this bill out of the Senate, to the House, and to the President’s desk with the promise this time that the President will stand with us and with the veterans to do what we need to do, and that is to put veterans first. I urge all the Members’ support, and I appreciate again Senator ISAKSON ’s work to get it to this point, but now we need to get it done. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. I thank Senator T
ILLIS for his dedicated work and rep-resentation for the people of North Carolina and the veterans of America. I am pleased now to yield to the Sen-ator from Alaska, Mr. S
ULLIVAN . Ms. MIKULSKI. Will the Senator withhold for just 1 minute? Will the chairman of the committee yield for a question? This is not to hold you up, but I do have a question for the chairman of the committee. Mr. ISAKSON. I yield. Mr. SULLIVAN. I yield to the Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. Chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, is it the desire of the other party to be doing, like, a colloquy—an extensive col-loquy—dealing with the Veterans First Act? I am trying to get the lay of the land here on the floor, because the Com-merce-Justice act—this is really a par-liamentary question to you. The pending business is the Com-merce-Justice-Science appropriations bill. We are now debating the Veterans First Act. I am not objecting to that, but could you tell me what the lay of the land is here? Mr. ISAKSON. Happily. The lay of the land is that we asked for 45 min-utes for a colloquy to discuss the Vet-erans First bill, which we are in the process of doing now. Senator BLUMENTHAL , the ranking member, will join us in a minute, and we should be completed by 5:15, and that was the time we asked for. Ms. MIKULSKI. First of all, thank you, to the Senator. I, in no way, want to impede this conversation. I didn’t realize that you had asked for 45 min-utes, and I really found these com-ments by the supporters of the bill really quite instructive, and I appre-ciate the discussion and the debate. Why don’t you proceed. I would just like to bring to the distinguished chairman’s attention, though, that we are trying to get the VA–MILCON bill conference done—real money and the real checkbook—to support the great work this authorizing committee is doing. I don’t know if you know that the House is proposing a $500 million cut below the Senate level. So you and I should talk about that. I thank the Senator from Alaska, and please proceed with your colloquy. Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the distin-guished Senator from Maryland, and I am always interested in discussing the best interests of veterans in Maryland and in Georgia any time the Senator would like. I yield to Senator S
ULLIVAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I want to rise to also support my col-leagues on the Veterans Affairs’ Com-mittee. It is an honor to serve with the chairman of the committee, the distin-guished senior Senator from Georgia, and the ranking member from Con-necticut, Senator B
LUMENTHAL . One of the great honors about being on that committee is not just serving our veterans but that it is a committee that gets a lot of work done. It is a very bipartisan committee, and that is why so many of us are coming to the Senate floor to talk about this impor-tant issue—accountability for the VA. I was home in Alaska this past week-end, and as I often do, I ran into vet-erans. Every State in the Union likes to talk about their veterans and brag a little bit. Well, in my State we have more veterans per capita than any State in the Union. We are very proud of that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.052 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4464 June 22, 2016 
I was talking to a Vietnam veteran on Friday in Anchorage, a combat vet-eran corpsman. He saved a lot of ma-rines during his time. He had such deep frustration about this issue of account-ability with the VA. As a matter of fact, he used to work at the VA. The one issue he raised with me was this: How can we do more with regard to ac-countability? He reads about it in the paper. The key here to that conversation and to so many conversations I had with veterans back home is that we must restore the bond of trust between the VA and the veterans that the VA serves because we all know that bond of trust has eroded. Trust is eroded when no one is accountable. Trust is eroded when no one is ac-countable. My colleagues have already talked about it, but once again, it is very disappointing to see the VA walk-ing away from accountability as op-posed to embracing it. Senator T
ILLIS did a great job of de-scribing the bill that was signed by the President in 2014, the Choice Act, which had some strong accountability measures. Yet, just recently, the At-torney General of the United States sided with the argument of a former Phoenix VA director who was at the helm when as many as 40 veterans died waiting for health care. The Attorney General of the United States sided with her argument and is not even testing the accountability provisions in this new law that was passed by this body and signed by the President. She just quit and didn’t even let the courts de-clare that this law is unconstitutional. She just quit and sided with that argu-ment. I think that is an outrage. What it does is undermine the issue of trust. It is also a dangerous precedent by al-lowing the head of the VA and the At-torney General of the United States to substitute the judgment of the Con-gress of the United States in a law, saying we are not even going to defend this issue anymore. It is a precedent that I don’t think anyone in this body would agree with—essentially gutting the accountability provisions in a re-cently enacted law signed by President Obama and not even trying to defend them. This is exactly the kind of ac-tion that further erodes the trust be-tween the VA and our veterans. Yesterday, in a hearing chaired by the senior Senator from Georgia, we demanded a bipartisan approach and that the Attorney General or her rep-resentative get before the VA com-mittee very soon and explain what she is up to, because I don’t think anyone in this body is agreeing with the ac-tions they are taking. While we are waiting for answers from the Attorney General, we are not going to give up on the critically im-portant issue of VA accountability, which is why moving forward on the Veterans First Act, which does focus on accountability, is so important, and why we are on the floor making the case for this. This bill which I cosponsor currently has 44 cosponsors and has support from multiple veterans service organiza-tions. You have heard about some of the important accountability measures that are in this bill. I want again to thank the great lead-ership of Chairman ISAKSON and Rank-ing Member B
LUMENTHAL on this. What we need to do is move forward on this bill and restore this issue of trust. The best way we can restore trust is to let our veterans know that the leadership of the VA is accountable. Remember, the leadership of the VA works for our veterans, and when they see people getting away with malfea-sance and incorrect behavior, that trust is further eroded. I yield the floor back to Chairman I
SAKSON . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I see the ranking member, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , has joined us on the floor. I might, with your permission, pose a question: If the Senator would not mind Senator B
OOZMAN making his remarks, and then Senator B
LUMENTHAL and I will close the de-bate; would that be OK? Mr. BLUMENTHAL. That would be fine. Mr. ISAKSON. I yield to Senator B
OOZMAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. BOOZMAN. I thank the Presiding Officer. Mr. President, I will be brief. I want-ed to come down to the floor. Right now we are in the midst of discussing a very important bill, the Commerce- Justice-Science appropriations act, funding law enforcement. We all know that we are in troubled times, and we are trying to get things sorted out in that regard. So why take 45 minutes to come down and speak on the Senate floor about such an important subject as what is going on in the VA? Last week the Secretary of the VA decided that he would no longer sup-port the expedited removal authority that we allowed him when we passed the Choice Act. There was a case and the Attorney General decided that she felt like it might be unconstitutional. So the Secretary of the VA took it upon himself to no longer use that au-thority. The way that I found out, and I think the way the rest of the mem-bers of the committee found out, was to read this in the press. The Secretary didn’t have the courtesy to contact us and tell us what was going on. He arbi-trarily decided it was unconstitutional. I voted for it. Most of the Members in this body voted it. Most of the Mem-bers of the House of Representatives voted for it. If I thought it was uncon-stitutional, I certainly would not have voted for it—again, acknowledging the duties of being a U.S. Senator. We passed it overwhelmingly and, as my colleague from Alaska has com-mented, the Secretary has set dan-gerous precedent by simply ignoring it. He went on to say on Monday that the accountability procedures we have had in place are working fine. If that is true, then why has the VA chronically had an issue with lackluster and neg-ligent employees? He was very sup-portive of this authority until this case came up. In light of the VA’s decision last week, it is even more imperative that this body move to pass the Vet-erans First Act, which will signifi-cantly improve accountability at the VA. This was a bipartisan, comprehen-sive initiative. The American Legion said: ‘‘This leg-islation will shorten the grievance process, make it easier to dismiss VA officials that breach the trust of the veterans that they are supposed to serve.’’ For those of us on the committee, my only concern is that the Secretary at some point will decide this is unconsti-tutional and do his own thing. Again, this is such an important issue. It is something that the com-mittee is working so hard on, but it is wrong. We have a situation now where we have employees who we know have abused their power. On the other hand, the vast majority of the people of the VA—the vast, vast majority—are hard-working and do a tremendous job. I am so proud of the VAs that I have in Arkansas, our facil-ity in Little Rock, our facility in Fay-etteville. There are no finer hospitals in the country. On the other hand, when people act up and they don’t do what they are supposed to, we need to hold them ac-countable. We certainly need a Sec-retary of the VA who is more con-cerned about veterans than he is about labor issues. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Arkansas. I yield to the distinguished Senator of Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , the ranking member of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. He has been an in-valuable partner with me in the devel-opment of this legislation, the manage-ment of the committee, and he de-serves tremendous credit. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. First, Mr. Presi-dent, I thank the chairman of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, Senator I
SAKSON of Georgia. To say that he has been a leader is certainly an under-statement. He has devoted countless hours to forging a coalition in the best tradition of the U.S. Senate, a bipar-tisan coalition that enabled us to unanimously bring together Repub-licans and Democrats on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee in approving the Veterans First Act for consideration by this body. My reason for being here today is to say to our colleagues that we must move forward. We must seize this op-portunity—no matter which side of the aisle we sit on—to move this bill for-ward, keep faith with our veterans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.053 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4465 June 22, 2016 
leave no veteran behind, and make sure we honor their service by fulfilling our obligations to our job. Our job now is to make sure we pass the Veterans First Act. I have listened with interest to some of my colleagues’ comments on a deci-sion by the Attorney General of the United States, and then the Secretary of the Veterans Administration, to de-cline to defend a part of the Choice statute. Quite frankly, I share their questions and a number of their con-cerns. I want to know from the Attor-ney General of the United States why the decision was made to decline en-forcement of this statute on constitu-tional grounds, saying that it violated the appointments clause of the Con-stitution. After 40 years of practicing law, I can say I have done very little litigation involving the appointments clause of the U.S. Constitution. It is seemingly an arcane and abstruse section of law. I say that with great humility in light of the experience of the Presiding Offi-cer. He and I may have a discussion away from the floor about the merits of this decision. The point is that we must look for-ward. We need to demand those an-swers—and I expect the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States will be forth-coming—but let’s look forward to the central task right now and avoid being distracted by what happened in the past and move forward on the Veterans First bill. This measure imposes ac-countability lacking for too long, lag-gard in too many instances. We saw it dramatically and tragically in Phoenix and many other areas around the coun-try where still there has been inad-equate or completely absent discipline and accountability imposed. This measure makes it easier for the VA to both hire and remove senior ex-ecutives, giving the Secretary much needed flexibility in hiring and firing, improving the training of managers, and implementing an outside review. Yesterday we heard from an out-standing nominee, a veteran of years of leadership in the Marine Corps. That kind of quality person ought to be in the VA more commonly. This legislation also protects whis-tleblowers. In my view, that is criti-cally important. They are the brave employees who see something wrong and say something, at risk to them-selves. That risk should be eliminated. In this new proposal, the Veterans First Act, we create an office of ac-countability and whistleblower protec-tion and require that the VA take the necessity of listening and protecting whistleblowers into account in its training and evaluation of supervisors. This measure goes well beyond ac-countability, although accountability is central to this bill. It also helps vet-erans of all eras who may have been ex-posed to toxic substances in their serv-ice. There are so many more unknowns on the battlefield now that can do harm to our soldiers—chemicals, radi-ation, and other toxic substances—so we can better understand and address the long-term effects of that toxic ex-posure. That is why the Vietnam Vet-erans of America fully supports this measure. Thanks to the work of Senator B
ALD-
WIN, the Veterans First Act also ad-dresses the opioid overprescription cri-sis among veterans. All too often and for far too long, the VA doctors have relied on powerful opioid painkillers when other kinds of medical care are more appropriate. This legislation will reduce the overuse and, thereby, the addiction of our veterans to these pow-erful painkiller. As I know from having spoken to Sarah Greene, a constituent of mine who lives in Branford, CT, whose hus-band perished in the post-9/11 wars while in combat, and her State Rep-resentative Lonnie Reed, this bill ex-pands the GI benefits to surviving spouses and their dependents who lost a servicemember after 9/11. It also reinstates those benefits to veterans who attended a school that permanently closed, such as Corinthian Colleges. These predatory schools should not be permitted to deprive our veterans of those benefits that they need and deserve. This measure also provides support for caregivers, the moms, dads, broth-ers, sisters, and children who give of themselves and give up livelihoods and careers to care for their veteran family members. They should receive the kind of support they need and deserve. Their service is no less worthy and worth-while than that of their family veteran members. The measure also includes important provisions to address the scourge of homelessness among veterans. I was pleased to work with Lisa Tepper Bates of the Connecticut Coalition to End Homelessness; and Margaret Mid-dleton, leader of the veterans programs in Connecticut, principally the Con-necticut Veterans Legal Center, to cre-ate more permanent housing opportu-nities and provide legal services to homeless veterans. Finally, most important, this bill en-hances programs to prepare veterans for careers through licensure, certifi-cation programs, and other programs to make sure that veterans have jobs. They need and deserve jobs. As a Member of the Senate, my pri-ority has been jobs and economic progress for our veterans—for all the people of Connecticut. That is why I am pleased that this measure will help veterans find employment as they transition home with employers such as Frontier Communications—very proudly doing business in Con-necticut—which is looking to make veterans 15 percent of its new hires. This measure includes many other provisions that are worthy of passage. The point is that we must pass it. I challenge my colleagues to do this bill before July 4, to move forward before we recess for the summer, to address the challenge of providing veterans what they have earned. We are not talking about handouts; we are talking about something vet-erans have earned—that we keep faith with them. This measure is bipartisan. Nothing stands in its way. There is no reason that merits its being stopped or blocked. I challenge my colleagues to move forward with this measure. I again thank my colleague from Georgia, who is not only a fellow mem-ber of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee but also a friend of mine and truly a friend of all veterans, the senior Sen-ator from Georgia, J
OHNNY ISAKSON . I yield the floor to Senator I
SAKSON . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I thank Senator B
LUMENTHAL for his kind re-marks and his steadfast, hard work on developing this legislation over the last 18 months. I thank all the mem-bers of the Committee, everyone who is a cosponsor of this bill. I thank the 44 Members of the Senate who have al-ready cosponsored it and ask the re-maining 56 to consider being a part of it. We owe our veterans no less than the absolute commitment that matches the commitment they made to us. It is time they had accountability for the benefits they have earned, the health care they deserve, and a VA that means what it says when it tells them it is going to take care of the veterans of the United States. I thank the Chair for giving us the time to bring out these issues today. I urge all our Members to contact ei-ther Senator B
LUMENTHAL or the com-mittee staff or me if they have ques-tions as we move forward before July 4 to make the Veterans First Act a re-ality, and once and for all put our vet-erans first, as always they should be and always they will be. With that, I yield back the remainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, we just heard a very instructive discussion on legislation proposed by the veterans authorizing committee. I wish to compliment both the chair and the ranking member on the debate. It was content rich, it was civil, and there were moments where we learned things about what was going on at the VA that were new to many of us. What was so impressive was the fact that they worked together on a bipar-tisan basis. They saw that their first duty was a patriotic duty, which was to serve veterans. You just heard the dis-tinguished chair and ranking member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.059 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4466 June 22, 2016 
speak to that. I thought it was terrific. They took about 45 minutes off because the bill pending is the Commerce-Jus-tice-Science bill. Because I knew com-promises were being worked on, this was time we were more than willing to share with them. So I want to com-pliment them. That also happened in the Committee on Appropriations. Senator K
IRK, who chairs the Appropriations Sub-committee on MILCON–VA, and the ranking member, Senator J
ONTESTER , have worked hard too. Right now we are trying to get a conference report done so there are the financial re-sources to help implement the policy objectives my colleagues so eloquently and instructively presented to us just now. I would hope we have a conference that is worthy of the authorization that is being presented. I can assure you—again, in the spirit my colleagues represented here—our patriotic respon-sibility comes before personality or party, which is the way to go. That is what our team did in the Appropria-tions Committee under the very able chairmanship of Senator T
HAD COCH-
RAN and I hope the tone I have set as the vice chair. So stay tuned for this conference because we want to match the appropriations with the author-izing. I think this is the way we ought to be operating. Take our patriotic duty first, over party, over personality, over ego or party logo. I just want to say that as I sat here hoping to get com-promises achieved on gun control, under the leadership of the distin-guished Senator from Maine, I think this is what the American people want: civility, intellectual rigor, commit-ment to responsibility, and fiscal re-sponsibility. I would like to salute my colleagues. It was an excellent debate. I wish more could be like this. I thank my col-leagues very much. Mr. President, as we are waiting on the Commerce-Justice-Science bill, this is what I hope is going on behind the scenes. I know we have had a spir-ited debate—at times quite tense and at times even terse on the issue of gun control—but for us it is not about gun control. It is about violence control. It is not about gun control because then people want to immediately grab their gun and say: What are you trying to do to us? Nobody is trying to do anything to any law-abiding citizen, but we are trying to control violence. Violence is a national epidemic. It has been a national epidemic for some time, and there are many reasons for it. This is not the day to talk about root causes, but it is time to talk about the mood and tone of the institu-tion. Right now, the House is engaged in a sit-in. Can you believe that, a sit- in? Why would the House be sitting in? Well, it is not the House. It is the House Democrats. Why are they doing that? They are doing it simply because they cannot get a vote on the no-fly, no-buy. What does that mean? If you are on the no-fly list, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. There are many different solutions to this problem. I am the first to recog-nize that. In our own institution, we had an amendment offered by the dis-tinguished Senator from California, Mrs. FEINSTEIN , that was rejected. There was an amendment offered on the other side of the aisle, and that was rejected. Now the Senator from Maine and Senators on both sides of the aisle are meeting to see if they can fashion a compromise. We believe ‘‘compromise’’ is not a word to be dismissed or denigrated. Compromise does not mean capitula-tion on principle. I can assure you, from those of us who want to control violence, we in no way want to impinge upon Second Amendment rights, but we do want to do what we can to curb violence in our country. In the spirit offered by the Senator from Maine, which she has done before, I hope we can achieve this. I think we ought to give her a chance, and I think that is happening now. I sure hope we give her idea a vote. I am not sure how I will vote on it until I know the sub-stance, but I sure have an open mind on it. What I would like to do, using the words of my colleague from Maryland, Congressman E
LIJAH CUMMINGS —and we have just lived through quite a tur-moil in Baltimore—is seek not only common ground but we seek higher ground. How can we kind of get above the muck and mire of partisan politics or personality, strutting or whatever, and focus on the issue of the day? I know people on both sides of the aisle want to curb violence. We have a set of solutions. They were rejected. Could we now, in the tone we just heard here, try to find this? What I do hope is that we don’t block attempts to find solutions to parliamentary proce-dures. Too many people think about the Congress and the Senate, that when all is said and done, more gets said than gets done. This is what they are frus-trated about. They are frustrated about many things—their future, their hope for their children, the safety and security of our country. This is what Senators should be thinking and talk-ing about, and as we think and talk about it, though, we should do more thinking and less talking. In our think-ing and doing less talking, maybe we can find this common ground and high-er ground. I look forward to continuing to move the Commerce-Justice-Science bill. I so much appreciate the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator S
HELBY . We have put together a very good bipar-tisan bill. We would hope, as we move our bill forward—and we have done our best to fund the Justice Department, science, and technology, to talk about jobs today and the kind of research that will give us the jobs of tomor-row—that we also now seriously take a deep breath and a deep dive into policy alternatives and come up with a com-promise to curb violence in our coun-try. Once again, I thank the Senator from Maine for taking the diplomatic role she has undertaken. I wish her well. I support all my colleagues involved in it. They will find no obstructionism in BARBARA MIKULSKI . Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas is recognized. 
ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE DEPARTMENT OF  
VETERANS AFFAIRS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, a num-ber of my colleagues—both Republican and Democratic—from the Senate Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee were on the floor just a few moments ago, and I wish to join them in expressing gen-uine concern about continued develop-ments at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Many of us remember the tremen-dous circumstances our veterans found themselves in at hospitals across the country, with long waiting lines, with lists that were inappropriate and didn’t really exist—I suppose in an effort to camouflage the delay veterans were ex-periencing across the country. At the same time, to demonstrate that vet-erans were being cared for, the VA wanted to show that things were fine, and yet we saw that was not the case. Unfortunately, those headlines con-tinue about the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. For years, we have heard reports of long wait lines, privacy issues, and failure to remove employ-ees whose actions endanger the health and safety of our veterans. Many of us have worked to try to give the leader-ship of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs greater authority to discipline and to discharge wrongdoers who are at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Generally, my focus has been on the upper echelon leadership of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, generally considered to be the top 400 executives at the VA. I am always nervous about the issue of employees and staff who are actually providing care for our vet-erans in the hospital. I don’t want them to be a scapegoat for problems at the hospital when I think the most se-rious challenge the VA faces is its lead-ership. Those stories are continuing, and we keep waiting for accountability to occur. It has been something the cur-rent Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs has said he cares greatly about, but even when it comes to the circumstances we found, par-ticularly at the VA hospital in Phoe-nix, we still have yet to see discipli-nary action take place. It is too long. It is 2 years. It seems to me 2 years is too long to see any real concrete effort to discharge those who wrongfully use their position and fail to provide the necessary care and treatment for vet-erans. In a ‘‘60 Minutes’’ interview back in November of 2014, which I happened to watch, the Secretary of the Depart-ment referred to a report generated in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.060 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4467 June 22, 2016 
2014 that listed more than 1,000 VA em-ployees who should be removed from the VA for violations: ‘‘people who vio-lated our values . . . its integrity, its advocacy, its respect, its excellence.’’ He also described, with multiple news outlets, that he would be taking ‘‘ag-gressive, expeditious, disciplinary ac-tion’’ to address the wrongdoers who violated VA values. It was made abundantly clear that Congress needed to give him the nec-essary tools to discipline VA employees because he was ‘‘hamstrung’’ by the current process with the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board and the appeals process. Congress did that. While we may not remember the provisions of the Choice Act—because it was known for the efforts to provide veterans across the country who live long dis-tances from a VA facility or who can’t get the services they need within 30 days from the VA, it gave them home-town local options. That is what this Choice Act was known for, but the Choice Act also included important ac-countability provisions. The Secretary has those provisions now with the pas-sage of the Choice Act that occurred in August of 2014. Those authorities seem-ingly are the ones the Secretary has been reluctant to use. We have com-plained about the reluctance at the VA to use those authorities and to dis-cipline members of the leadership, em-ployees at the Department of Veterans Affairs, but now we just learned, as my colleagues earlier indicated, that the leadership of the VA refuses to use the authorities at all. So it is not just a re-luctance. It is now an admission that we are not going to use them. As disappointed as I am, as a Member of Congress—as my colleagues are who spoke earlier in this VA decision, our frustration has to be nothing—noth-ing—compared to what our Nation’s veterans experience in their dis-satisfaction with a VA that declines to hold accountable those who work in leadership positions. We ought to be honoring their service. What Depart-ment would we expect to care for, to treat, to love and show compassion for more than our Department of Veterans Affairs? Whom would we expect to re-ceive that kind of noble treatment? It would be those who serve us in our military. Americans—both veterans and nonveterans—are waiting for the VA to step up and do what is right by removing those who have no place within the VA system. I also would say, as I talk to employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs—those who actually work in the hospitals, provide the benefits, man the computers—they are dissatisfied too. They want to see change at the VA. So many employees are looking for leader-ship at the VA that holds accountable those in leadership who have failed to bring about the necessary change, and to have that necessary change takes discipline of those who are wrongdoers. I want to make certain people under-stand this is not an attack on those who work at the VA. They, too, want a VA system they can be proud to work for. I acknowledge and pay my respect and regard to the many, many, many employees of the Department who work every day to make certain that good things happen and that care is provided for those who served our Na-tion. It seems to me, it is unfortunate the VA blames everybody but themselves for the problems at the VA. In fact, earlier this year, a couple months ago, April of 2016, the Secretary indicated that the fault—the inability to fix these problems—lies with Congress for not giving the VA enough money. He said budgetary failure led to the crisis. We have worked hard to make cer-tain—in fact, I have indicated that if you can show a demonstrated need for more money at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to take care of those who served our country, I am one who will vote for that. No one asked those who served our country about what it was going to cost to go to war. We ought not be unwilling to pay the price for those who did go to war on our behalf. I would say the VA’s problems are not budgetary. President Obama him-self stated that the VA is the most funded agency across the Federal Gov-ernment, with an increase of more than 80 percent in resources since 2009. I re-member reading this quote. The Presi-dent said that the most resourced agency in his administration, in his time in office, was the Department of Veterans Affairs. The blame for the VA’s inadequacies have nothing to do with the demand or insufficient funds but the management and lack of leadership. In fact, accord-ing to the VA’s own data, veterans are waiting 50 percent longer to receive health care services than they were in 2014 when we realized the crisis existed. At the height of the crisis, we had a waiting list. That waiting list is now 50 percent longer than it was at that time. It has become clear that the VA seemingly is more concerned with pro-tecting those who work there within their ranks and the leadership than protecting the veteran who has sac-rificed so much for our Nation. The VA was created to serve veterans, not to serve the VA. Today my colleagues from the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs were here raising their desire to give the Sec-retary even more authority and ex-pressing their frustration, which I share, with the lack of urgency to hold bad actors accountable. In that process of the conversation that took place earlier, they were advocating for legis-lation that is pending before the Sen-ate called the Veterans First Act that was passed by our Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs weeks ago, and they be-lieve that legislation will give the Sec-retary even additional authorities. That is true. The Senator from Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , the ranking member of the committee, and I worked to include in the Veterans First Act a number of accountability provisions to try to fix the VA at the root of its problem at the top. So while I agree with the desire to see the Veterans First Act passed into law and while I agree that it will give the Secretary and others at the De-partment of Veterans Affairs more au-thority to hold accountable bad actors at the VA, I think what we really need to make certain happens is that the Secretary and the leadership of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs use the authority they already had provided them by Congress in August of 2014 to hold people accountable. If actions this week tell us anything, we must push the VA to use the au-thorities they already have, and we would have cause, reason to be skep-tical that even giving them greater au-thorities would result in a better out-come. Our Nation’s veterans deserve better, and they deserve a VA in which those who do wrong pay a consequence for that bad behavior. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DORA MARGARET SAMUDIO Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today I would like to pay tribute to a great American public servant and Texan, Ms. Dora Margaret Samudio. Ms. Samudio is retiring after 50 years of dedicated Federal service. Dora was born on October 1, 1945. After she graduated from Sam Houston High School in 1963, Dora began her distinguished Federal career with the Texas State Department of Public Wel-fare. Shortly thereafter, she became a clerk typist at the U.S. Army Medical Field Service School in Fort Sam Houston, TX. In September 1969, in the midst of the Vietnam war, Dora left her native Texas to pursue a career in Wash-ington, DC. For the next year, she worked for the U.S. Army Medical Re-search and Development Command in the Surgeon General’s office until she moved to the War Plans Division at the Pentagon in 1970. At the Pentagon, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.062 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4468 June 22, 2016 
Dora served as a stenographer with the Deputy Chief of Staff for Military Op-erations. She then transferred to the litigation division, where she worked for the U.S. Army Judge Advocate Gen-eral. Dora was responsible for gath-ering Army witnesses from all over the world to testify in Federal court and kept records of collateral Army air-craft accidents in Vietnam. In 1972, she began working for the U.S. Army Court of Military Review in Falls Church, VA. Dora briefly left Federal service to work at Williams, Connall & Califano in Washington, DC, and at Robinson, Robinson & Cole in Hartford, CT. In the grand tradition of transplant Texans, Dora returned to the Lone Star State in 1978, where she has spent the remainder of her Federal service. In San Antonio, Dora worked at the U.S. Attorney’s office until 1980, when she began working for the Honorable William S. Sessions, who was Chief Judge of the Western District of Texas. Dora served a vital role in his office until he was appointed as Director of the FBI in 1987. She then served as a secretary to an attorney and three Cus-toms agents with the Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section of the Depart-ment of Justice, DOJ, Criminal Divi-sion. In July 1988, Ms. Samudio began her nearly 30 years of work as a judicial as-sistant to the Honorable John W. Primomo, U.S. magistrate judge. Judge Primomo holds Dora with highest re-gards and had the following to say about her: 
I have known Dora for more than 30 years since she was the Judicial Assistant for Chief Judge William S. Sessions of the Western District of Texas. After his appointment as Director of the F.B.I. and my appointment as United States Magistrate Judge in 1988, it was my fortune that Dora applied to be my judicial assistant. I was surprised that she would be willing to ‘humble’ herself to work for a magistrate judge after serving the chief judge of the district. She is exceptional in all respects. I have always told Dora she is over-qualified to be my judicial assistant, yet she has stayed. She is totally dedicated and ex-tremely loyal. We have shared many of our personal ups and downs over the years. A part of me will be missing when Dora retires at the end of the month. It has been a privi-lege and an honor to work with her for the past 28 years. 
Throughout her career, she has served with integrity and character. Her legacy will continue to benefit those who know her, and I join with her family, friends, and coworkers in telling that her experience and dedica-tion will be missed. I offer my thanks and appreciation to Dora Samudio for 50 years of steadfast service to our Nation and send my best wishes for the years ahead. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING BALDOR ELECTRIC COMPANY ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the Baldor Electric Company of Fort Smith, AR, for offi-cially completing 15 million accident- free work hours. Baldor moved its production of indus-trial electric motors to Fort Smith in 1956 and, in 1961, relocated its cor-porate headquarters there as well. The company has employed thousands of Arkansans for nearly 60 years. This company produces products that are part of every industry in America. Its equipment powers everything from drills on oil rigs and conveyer belts in mining operations, to air conditioning systems in hospitals and thrusters on Navy and Coast Guard ships. The Arkansas Department of Labor, the Arkansas Insurance Department, and the Arkansas Workers’ Compensa-tion Commission recently presented Baldor Electric Company with a ‘‘Fif-teen Million Man Hour Award’’ for its extraordinary commitment to work-place safety, making it the first com-pany in Arkansas to receive this des-ignation. This means that between Au-gust of 2010 and May of 2016, Baldor successfully prevented a work-related illness or injury for 1,250 employees. This brings me tremendous pleasure as I understand full well that the im-portance of workplace safety cannot be overstated. Families across the State of Arkansas, as well as the country, de-pend on and expect the safe return of their loved ones each day—and with 15 million accident-free hours, Baldor Electric Company has truly set the standard in ensuring just that. Much of Baldor’s success has stemmed from its use of a safety program that utilizes a safety committee that includes both employees and managers. I offer my gratitude to Baldor Elec-tric Company for ensuring the safety of its employees for over 15 million hours of work. I congratulate the company for breaking Arkansas’ safety record. I look forward to hearing about the com-pany’s future success.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO GRACIE SCHRAM ∑Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I wish to recognize an inspirational artist, en-trepreneur, and philanthropist from my State, Gracie Schram, who has been awarded the 2016 Nation Federa-tion of Independent Business Owners Young Entrepreneur Award. Miss Schram, of Leawood, KS, is the founder and owner of Gracie Schram Music, an entertainment company that provides live performance, speaking en-gagements, original music, recordings, and merchandise. At the young age of 10, she was intro-duced to the reality of underprivileged children in Haiti and Africa. Inspired to do good, she was determined to im-prove the living conditions of so many she hadn’t even met. She went on to write and produce several albums, the proceeds of which led to the building of two fish ponds in Africa and an orphanage in Haiti. This is an extraordinary accomplishment. When asked why she has chosen to help those in need, her response was, ‘‘I was just a kid who wasn’t willing to wait for somebody else to change the world.’’ I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing Miss Schram on her out-standing achievements. We wish her nothing but the best for her future en-trepreneurial and educational endeav-ors.∑ f 
PEASE GREETERS’ 1,000TH FLIGHT ∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, as we approach the Fourth of July, I want to salute the Pease Greeters for their very special brand of patriotism—a patriot-ism of deeds, not words. Since 2005, they have gathered at Pease Inter-national Airport in Portsmouth, NH, to give a warm send-off or welcome home to servicemembers in transit to or from conflict zones in the Middle East and elsewhere. This past Sunday, the Greeters reached a remarkable mile-stone by gathering at Pease to meet their 1,000th flight. The welcoming ceremony concluded with words that have become the group’s signature greeting: ‘‘We the old warriors salute you the young warriors.’’ For tens of thousands of uniformed servicemembers, many of them en route to or from combat zones in Iraq or Afghanistan, Pease airport is the last place they set foot on U.S. soil when they depart and the first place they set foot when they return. Prior to 2005, troops encountered a mostly empty and unwelcoming airport ter-minal. That year, airport officials con-tacted Charles Cove, a Vietnam war veteran and asked if he would gather a group of Granite Staters to greet a unit of 135 servicemembers heading to combat duty in Iraq. Mr. Cove gathered some fellow veterans and others, and they met the Iraq-bound soldiers with coffee, doughnuts, and warm words of support and appreciation. Following that impromptu event, Mr. Cove and co-founder Edmund Johnson, a decorated Marine veteran of the Ko-rean war, joined with fellow veterans and other Seacoast residents to form the Pease Greeters. Many in the group are old enough to remember that serv-icemembers returning from the Viet-nam war were greeted with indifference or even hostility. Mr. Cove, who earned two Purple Hearts in Vietnam, said he made a promise to himself and his country that he would not allow this to happen to future servicemembers and veterans. Since 2005, the Pease Greeters have not missed a single flight, ensuring that every departing and returning servicemember is given a hero’s greet-ing and warm words of appreciation. Several thousand volunteers, ranging in age from retired veterans to young children, have joined in this mission. They have transformed the airport ter-minal at Pease into a ‘‘Heroes’ Walk,’’ with framed group photos of all the military units that have passed through the airport since 2005. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.026 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4469 June 22, 2016 
Typically, 100 or more Pease Greeters will be on hand for a ceremony, form-ing a celebratory gauntlet to cheer and welcome servicemembers as they dis-embark from a troop transport plane. In addition to refreshments and gifts, each servicemember is given a cut-out embroidered star from a retired Amer-ican flag. On one occasion, the group was informed at 10 p.m. that a Marine unit bound for Afghanistan would be flying out of Pease just six hours later, at 4 a.m. The Greeters scrambled to meet the challenge and were present with refreshments and a cheering crowd for the pre-dawn send-off. In addition to meeting flights, the Pease Greeters organize efforts to sup-port veterans, Active-Duty service-members, and their families. They also send care packages to servicemembers on duty overseas. Since 2008, the Greet-ers have sent more than 75,000 pounds of care package items to those serving in conflict zones. I salute the Pease Greeters for their dedication to supporting and thanking our brave men and women in uniform, one flight at a time. Across 1,000 flights, they have delivered to our serv-icemembers an important message, elo-quently expressed by Mr. Cove: ‘‘The road to freedom is a toll road. We thank you for paying our way.’’ We join with the Greeters in thank-ing the men and women of our Armed Forces. In addition, I want to express my deep appreciation to the Pease Greeters for their own generous service to our Nation.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. ROBERT E. WITT ∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize Dr. Robert E. Witt, chancellor of the University of Ala-bama system, who is retiring in August of this year. Dr. Witt will be long re-membered for his remarkable career, his extraordinary leadership, and for his role in restoring the University of Alabama to its rightful place as the capstone of higher education. A native of Bridgeport, CT, Dr. Witt received his bachelor’s degree in eco-nomics from Bates College. He received his M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College and his Ph.D. from the Pennsylvania State University. Dr. Witt began his 35-year career in higher education in 1968 when he joined the business school faculty at the Uni-versity of Texas at Austin. He eventu-ally became department chair, asso-ciate dean, and in 1985, he was named dean of the UT business school. In 1995, Dr. Witt was named president of the University of Texas at Arlington, where he served until 2003 before mov-ing to Tuscaloosa, AL. Prior to his election as chancellor of Alabama’s largest education enter-prise, Dr. Witt served as president of the University of Alabama from 2003 to 2012. Throughout his tenure, I was im-pressed by his vision and commitment to growing the capstone into one of the leading institutions for higher edu-cation in the South. During his 9 years as president of the university, he led an ambitious cam-paign for academic growth and achievement that positioned the Uni-versity of Alabama as one of America’s fastest growing public universities. Be-cause of his efforts, the university has achieved a higher position academi-cally, which continues to bring positive growth to the University of Alabama and our State as a whole. In addition to serving as president of the University of Alabama system, Dr. Witt is chairman of the Council of the Presidents of Alabama’s public colleges and universities. He is a member of the Governor’s College & Career Ready Task Force, the American Cast Iron Pipe Company Board of Directors, the Alexis deTocqueville Executive Com-mittee, the Advisory Board, and the Elizabeth Project Care Board. Dr. Witt is past chairman of the chamber of commerce of West Alabama, a past member of the Tuscaloosa County IDA Board, and the Black Warrior Council Boy Scouts of America. In 2011, Dr. Witt was inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor, which is comprised of 100 living Alabamians elected for their noteworthy service to the State. Dr. Witt’s many accomplishments, as well as his contributions to the Univer-sity of Alabama, city of Tuscaloosa, and the State of Alabama, will not be soon forgotten. Our State and commu-nity have been fortunate to have a leader like Dr. Robert Witt, and I wish Dr. Witt and his wife, Sandee, the very best in their next chapter.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 9:32 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 337. An act to improve the Freedom of Information Act. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 1:38 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 2133. An act to improve Federal agency financial and administrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ de-velopment and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and re-sponding to fraud, including improper pay-ments. S. 2487. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: H.R. 2395. An act to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the inde-pendence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes. H.R. 2607. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3936. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram under which the Secretary carries out Veteran Engagement Team events where veterans can complete claims for disability compensation and pension under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary, and for other purposes. H.R. 4010. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Ari-zona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’. H.R. 4372. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. H.R. 4590. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out cer-tain major medical facility projects for which appropriations are being made for fis-cal year 2016, and for other purposes. H.R. 4639. An act to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide modifications to au-thorities relating to the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes. H.R. 4777. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 4902. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations. H.R. 4925. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memo-rial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4960. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5028. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michi-gan, as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5170. An act to encourage and support partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social pro-grams, and for other purposes. H.R. 5317. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’. H.R. 5388. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and development, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5389. An act to encourage engagement between the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and technology innovators, and for other purposes. H.R. 5447. An act to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reim-bursement arrangements. H.R. 5452. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts. H.R. 5456. An act to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to in-vest in funding prevention and family serv-ices to help keep children safe and supported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.055 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4470 June 22, 2016 
at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family-like, and appropriate settings, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2395. An act to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the inde-pendence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 2607. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 3936. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram under which the Secretary carries out Veteran Engagement Team events where veterans can complete claims for disability compensation and pension under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 4010. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Ari-zona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 4372. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 4590. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out cer-tain major medical facility projects for which appropriations are being made for fis-cal year 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 4777. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Of-fice Building’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4925. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memo-rial Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 4960. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5028. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michi-gan, as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5170. An act to encourage and support partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 5317. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5388. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and development, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5389. An act to encourage engagement between the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and technology innovators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5452. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts; to the Committee on Finance. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bills were read the first time: 
H.R. 5447. An act to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reim-bursement arrangements. H.R. 5456. An act to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to in-vest in funding prevention and family serv-ices to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family-like, and appropriate settings, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, June 22, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 337. An act to improve the Freedom of Information Act. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5832. A communication from the Chair-man, Medicare Payment Advisory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress: Medicare and the Health Care Delivery System’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5833. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Recovery of Invest-ment in the Contract from Payments Re-ceived From a Qualified Defined Benefit Plan by an Employee During Phased Retirement’’ (Notice 2016–39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5834. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 108.—In-come from Discharge of Indebtedness’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5835. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Phased Retirement for Non-Qualified Plans’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5836. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2016–38) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5837. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–139); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5838. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–035); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5839. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–126); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5840. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–012); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5841. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–033); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5842. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–018); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5843. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–125); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5844. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod February 1, 2016 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5845. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Use of Symbols in Labeling’’ ((RIN0910–AG74) (Docket No. FDA–2013–N– 0125)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5846. A communication from the Rail-road Retirement Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the actuarial status of the railroad retirement system; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5847. A communication from the Rail-road Retirement Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Railroad Un-employment Insurance System’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5848. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on American Indian and Alaska Na-tive Head Start Facilities, FY 2015’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.020 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4471 June 22, 2016 
EC–5849. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Education’s Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5850. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Depart-ment of General Services Failed to Provide Information the DC Council Needed to Make Informed Decisions on the Scope and Cost of Modernizing the Duke Ellington School of the Arts’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5851. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone; Military Ocean Terminal Con-cord (MOTCO); Concord, California’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0330)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5852. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; Holiday Events; Biscayne Bay, Miami, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0786)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5853. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-naming of Sector Baltimore as Sector Mary-land-National Capital Region; Conforming Amendments’’ ((RIN1625–AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0060)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5854. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Ken-nebec River, Richmond and Dresden, ME’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0344)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5855. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Upper Mississippi River be-tween mile 179.2 and 180.5, St. Louis, MO and between mile 839.5 and 840, St. Paul, MN’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0354)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5856. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Broad Creek, Laurel, DE’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1011)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5857. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Monongahela River mile 97.5 to mile 100.5, Morgantown, WV’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0202)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5858. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Chesapeake Bay, Cape Charles, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0319)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5859. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper New York Bay, Liberty Island, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0318)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5860. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Raritan Bay, Perth Amboy, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0297)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5861. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River mile 25.2 to mile 25.6, Beaver, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0424)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5862. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River mile 43.2 to mile 43.6, East Liverpool, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0389)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5863. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cincinnati Reds Season Fire-works’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0145)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5864. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Monongahela River mile 97.5 to mile 100.5, Morgantown, WV’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0202)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5865. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation for Marine Events; James River, Midlothian, VA’’ ((RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0355)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5866. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Re-curring Marine Events Held in the Coast Guard Northern New England Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00 and RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1052)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5867. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0324)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5868. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Midwest Masters Sprints; Maumee River; Toledo, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0463)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5869. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations; Marine Events in the Seventh Coast Guard District’’ ((RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2013–0272)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5870. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; On Water Activities Associated With the 2016 Macy’s 4th of July Fireworks, East River, Manhattan, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0377)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5871. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Ohio River mile 791.0 to 795.0, Evansville, IN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0395)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5872. A communication from the Legal Intern, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Local Regulation; Cumberland River, Mile 190.5 to 194.0; Nashville, TN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0322)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5873. A communication from the Legal Intern, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Local Regulations; Sector Ohio Valley An-nual and Recurring Special Local Regula-tions Update’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1039)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5874. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation for Marine Events; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.008 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4472 June 22, 2016 
James River, Midlothian, VA’’ ((RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0355)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5875. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘In-spection of Towing Vessels’’ ((RIN1625–AB06) (Docket No. USCG–2006–24412)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5876. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Indian River, Miami Beach, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0940)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mrs. C AP-
ITO, and Mr. K IRK): S. 3082. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to reduce the occurrence of diabetes in Medicare beneficiaries by ex-tending coverage under Medicare for medical nutrition therapy services to such bene-ficiaries with pre-diabetes or with risk fac-tors for developing type 2 diabetes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. S
COTT, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. B LUNT ): S. 3083. A bill to provide housing opportu-nities in the United States through mod-ernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. N ELSON ): S. 3084. A bill to invest in innovation through research and development, and to improve the competitiveness of the United States; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. ROBERTS: S. 3085. A bill to improve forest manage-ment activities on National Forest System land and public land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 3086. A bill to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 3087. A bill to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and devel-opment grants and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. C OONS , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. K IRK, Mrs. GILLIBRAND , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. Res. 508. A resolution expressing support for the expeditious consideration and final-ization of a new, robust, and long-term Memorandum of Understanding on military assistance to Israel between the United States Government and the Government of Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. Res. 509. A resolution congratulating the Cleveland Cavaliers for winning the 2016 Na-tional Basketball Association Finals; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine profes-sionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Fili-pino veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1679 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1679, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to re-quire that certain buildings and per-sonal property be covered by flood in-surance, and for other purposes. 
S. 2341 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2341, a bill to designate a portion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as wilderness. 
S. 2599 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2599, a bill to prohibit un-fair and deceptive advertising of hotel room rates, and for other purposes. 
S. 2650 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2650, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2800, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled. S. 2825 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2825, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to require compli-ance with domestic source require-ments for footwear furnished to en-listed members of the Armed Forces upon their initial entry into the Armed Forces. 
S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2873, a bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and op-portunities to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2934 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2934, a bill to ensure that all individ-uals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the na-tional instant criminal background check system and require a background check for every firearm sale. 
S. 3007 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3007, a bill to prohibit funds from being obligated or expended to aid, support, permit, or facilitate the certification or approval of any new sensor for use by the Russian Federation on observa-tion flights under the Open Skies Trea-ty unless the President submits a cer-tification related to such sensor to Congress and for other purposes. 
S. 3034 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3034, a bill to prohibit the National Telecommunications and Information Administration from allowing the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority functions contract to lapse unless spe-cifically authorized to do so by an Act of Congress. 
S.J. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 35, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the De-partment of Labor relating to ‘‘Inter-pretation of the ‘Advice’ Exemption in Section 203(c) of the Labor-Manage-ment Reporting and Disclosure Act’’. 
S. CON. RES. 36 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.010 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4473 June 22, 2016 
RUBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 36, a concurrent resolution expressing support of the goal of ensur-ing that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Fed-eral Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to that goal through a financial commitment to comprehen-sively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. 
S. RES. 83 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 83, a resolution sup-porting the goals and ideals of the Sec-ondary School Student Athletes’ Bill of Rights. 
S. RES. 465 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 465, a resolution supporting the United States solar energy indus-try in its effort to bring low-cost, clean, 21st-century solar technology into homes and businesses across the United States. 
S. RES. 482 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 482, a resolution urging the Euro-pean Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and to increase pressure on the organi-zation and its members to the fullest extent possible. 
S. RES. 501 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 501, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on Russian mili-tary aggression. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4725 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4725 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4726 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4726 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4762 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. SCHATZ ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4762 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4766 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4766 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appro-priations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4785 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4785 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4814 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4814 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appro-priations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4846 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4846 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4848 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4848 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 508—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE EXPEDITIOUS CONSIDERATION AND FINALIZATION OF A NEW, ROBUST, AND LONG-TERM MEMORANDUM OF UNDER-STANDING ON MILITARY ASSIST-ANCE TO ISRAEL BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT AND THE GOVERNMENT OF ISRAEL Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. K IRK, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES508 Whereas in April 1998 the United States designated Israel as a ‘‘major non-NATO ally’’; Whereas, on August 16, 2007, the United States and Israel signed a 10-year Memo-randum of Understanding (MoU) on United States military assistance to Israel, under which total assistance would equal $30,000,000,000; Whereas, since the signing of the 2007 Memorandum of Understanding, intelligence and defense cooperation has continued to grow; Whereas, on October 15, 2008, the Naval Vessel Transfer Act of 2008 was signed into law (Public Law 110–429), defining Israel’s qualitative military edge (QME) as ‘‘the abil-ity to counter and defeat any credible con-ventional military threat from any indi-vidual state or possible coalition of states or from non-state actors, while sustaining minimal damage and casualties, through the use of superior military means, possessed in sufficient quantity, including weapons, com-mand, control, communication, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities that in their technical characteristics are superior in capability to those of such other individual or possible coalition of states or non-state actors’’; Whereas, on July 27, 2012, the United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–150) declared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to help the Government of Israel preserve its quali-tative military edge amid rapid and uncer-tain regional political transformation’’; Whereas Israel faces immediate threats to its security from the United States-des-ignated Foreign Terrorist Organization, Hezbollah, and its missile and rocket stock-pile estimated to number around 150,000, and from the United States-designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, Hamas, which con-tinues to attempt to rebuild its tunnel net-work to infiltrate Israel and restock its own missile and rocket stockpiles; Whereas Israel also faces immediate threats to its security from the ongoing re-gional instability in the Middle East, espe-cially from the ongoing conflict in Syria and from militant groups in the Sinai; Whereas Iran remains a threat to Israel, as demonstrated by Iran’s continued belli-cosity, including several hostile and provoc-ative tests of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, even reportedly marking several of these weapons with He-brew words declaring ‘‘Israel must be wiped out’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.013 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4474 June 22, 2016 
Whereas the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) authorized funds to be appropriated for Israeli cooperative missile defense pro-gram codevelopment and coproduction, in-cluding funds to be provided to the Govern-ment of Israel to procure the David’s Sling weapon system as well as the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; and Whereas, on December 19, 2014, President Barack Obama signed into law the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296), which stated the sense of Congress that Israel is a major stra-tegic partner of the United States and de-clared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to continue to provide Israel with robust security assistance, including for the procurement of the Iron Dome Missile De-fense System’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms that Israel is a major stra-tegic partner of the United States; (2) reaffirms that it is the policy and law of the United States to ensure that Israel main-tains its qualitative military edge and has the capacity and capability to defend itself from all credible military threats; (3) reaffirms United States support of a ro-bust Israeli tiered missile defense program; (4) supports continued discussions between the United States Government and the Gov-ernment of Israel for a robust and long-term Memorandum of Understanding on United States military assistance to Israel; (5) urges the expeditious finalization of a new Memorandum of Understanding between the United States Government and the Gov-ernment of Israel; and (6) supports a robust and long-term Memo-randum of Understanding negotiated be-tween the United States and Israel regarding military assistance that increases the amount of aid from previous agreements and significantly enhances Israel’s military ca-pabilities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 509—CON-GRATULATING THE CLEVELAND CAVALIERS FOR WINNING THE 2016 NATIONAL BASKETBALL AS-SOCIATION FINALS Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 509 Whereas, on June 19, 2016, the Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Golden State Warriors by a score of 93 to 89 in Oakland, California, in a decisive game 7 to win the 2016 National Basketball Association (referred to in the preamble as the ‘‘NBA’’) Finals; Whereas the Cleveland Cavaliers have cap-tured the first NBA Finals victory in fran-chise history and have at last brought the Larry O’Brien Championship Trophy to Cleveland; Whereas the Cleveland Cavaliers became the first team in NBA Finals history to win a series after trailing 3 games to 1; Whereas LeBron James, who averaged 29.7 points, 8.9 assists, and 11.3 rebounds during the NBA Finals, led all players from both teams in the respective statistical categories of total points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks and was named Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals for the third time in his career; Whereas LeBron James became the third player in NBA Finals history and the first since 1988 to record a triple-double in game 7, scoring 27 points, grabbing 11 rebounds, and making 11 assists in leading his team to vic-tory; Whereas Kyrie Irving, who played a crit-ical role through the 2016 NBA Finals, scored 26 points in game 7 and hit a crucial three- pointer with 53 seconds left to play in the game; Whereas every member of the 2015–2016 Cleveland Cavaliers team, including Mat-thew Dellavedova, Channing Frye, Kyrie Ir-ving, LeBron James, Richard Jefferson, Dahntay Jones, James Jones, Sasha Kaun, Kevin Love, Jordan McRae, Timofey Mozgov, Iman Shumpert, J. R. Smith, Tristan Thompson, and Mo Williams, played an inte-gral role in bringing the NBA Championship to Cleveland; Whereas head coach Tyronn Lue and his entire team of assistants and team staff worked together to put the Cleveland Cava-liers players in a position to win the 2016 NBA Finals; Whereas General Manager David Griffin and the entire Cavaliers basketball front of-fice have worked to assemble a champion-ship team and create a culture and environ-ment that fosters the very best performance and the highest success; Whereas owner Dan Gilbert has helped build a first-rate, championship sports fran-chise in the city of Cleveland; Whereas, prior to June 19, 2016, the 3 major sports franchises in Cleveland had not won a championship since 1964; Whereas on June 19, 2016, LeBron James completed his goal of bringing an NBA Championship back to northeast Ohio, and the Cleveland Cavaliers ended a 52-year championship drought for the city of Cleve-land; and Whereas the 2016 Cleveland Cavaliers have brought pride and elation to Cleveland and the entire State of Ohio by winning the 2016 NBA Finals: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Cleveland Cavaliers for winning the 2016 National Basketball As-sociation Finals; (2) recognizes the contributions and achievements of all the players, coaches, and staff who contributed to the 2015–2016 season; (3) applauds the fans of the Cleveland Cava-liers who have never given up hope in the pursuit of their first ever championship; and (4) directs the Secretary of the Senate to transmit for appropriate display an official copy of this resolution to— (A) the owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers, Dan Gilbert; (B) the coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers, Tyronn Lue; and (C) the leader of the Cleveland Cavaliers, LeBron James. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4854. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. C
OCHRAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appro-priations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4855. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. L EE, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4856. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4854. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. C
OCHRAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 71, line 3, insert before the period the following: ‘‘; Provided, That $10,000,000 shall be for NASA to conduct further re-search at the Federal Aviation Administra-tion’s six test sites in collaboration with the FAA’s Unmanned Aircraft Systems Center of Excellence on UAS use in a broad range of public safety applications over land and mar-itime environments’’. 
SA 4855. Mr. LANKFORD (for him-self, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. L EE, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. J OHN-
SON) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: S
EC. 539. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into a civil settlement agreement on behalf of the United States that includes a term requiring that any donation be made to any nonparty by any party-defendant to such agreement other than a payment that provides restitu-tion for or otherwise directly remedies ac-tual harm (including to the environment) di-rectly and proximately caused by the party making the payment, or constitutes pay-ment for services rendered in connection with the case. 
SA 4856. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MARIJUANA RESEARCH. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration; (2) the term ‘‘eligible State’’ means a State that, in accordance with State law, permits the production, possession, use, distribution, dispensation, administration, laboratory testing, or delivery of medical and rec-reational marijuana; (3) the term ‘‘marijuana’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘marihuana’’ in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.014 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4475 June 22, 2016 
(4) the term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). (b) M
ANUFACTURE OF MARIJUANA FOR RE-
SEARCH .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, in order to meet the legitimate research needs of the United States, the Attorney General, acting through the Administrator, shall register not fewer than 3 applicants in each eligible State under section 303(a) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(a)) to manufac-ture marijuana for research purposes. (c) O
VERSIGHT .—The Attorney General, acting through the Administrator— (1) shall directly oversee the registration under subsection (b) in accordance with sec-tion 303(a) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(a)); and (2) may not delegate oversight authority to any other official. (d) Q
UOTA .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter, the Attorney General, act-ing through the Administrator, shall estab-lish an annual quota under section 306(a) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 826(a)) for the production of marijuana for research that is not less than 125 percent of the aggregate production specified in all re-search applications approved or reasonably expected to be approved during the applica-ble year by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (e) R
ESEARCH REGISTRATION PROCESS .—The Attorney General, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall expedite the registration process for research on marijuana under sec-tion 303(f) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(f)) for practitioners in eligible States who have been approved by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to con-duct such research. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 22, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a classified hearing entitled ‘‘Security Assistance: Cutting Through a Tangled Web of Authorities.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 22, 2016, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Renewing Commu-nities and Providing Opportunities Through Innovative Solutions to Pov-erty.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 22, 2016, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Accessing USDA Rural Development Programs in Native Communities.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 22, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Drug Enforcement Administration.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 22, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining the Progress and Challenges in Modernizing Information Technology at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CLEAN AIR AND NUCLEAR  
SAFETY  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety of the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 22, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining Pathways Towards Compliance of the National Ambient Air Quality Standard for Ground-Level Ozone: Legislative Hearing on S. 2882 and S. 2072.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Marty Bergen, be granted floor privi-leges for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that James Kelly, a member of my staff, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOTICE OF ADOPTION OF REGULA-TIONS AND TRANSMITTAL FOR CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the attached documentation from the Office of Com-pliance be printed in the R
ECORD . 
U.S. C ONGRESS , O
FFICE OF COMPLIANCE , Washington, DC, June 22, 2016. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , President Pro Tempore of the U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. PRESIDENT : Section 304(b)(3) of the Congressional Accountability Act (‘‘CAA’’), 2 U.S.C. §1384(b)(3), requires that, with regard to substantive regulations under the CAA, after the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance (‘‘Board’’) has published a general notice of proposed rulemaking as required by subsection (b)(1), and received comments as required by subsection (b)(2), ‘‘the Board shall adopt regulations and shall transmit notice of such action together with a copy of such regulations to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate for publica-tion in the Congressional Record on the first day on which both Houses are in session fol-lowing such transmittal.’’ The Board has adopted the regulations in the Notice of Adoption of Substantive Regu-lations and Transmittal for Congressional Approval which accompany this transmittal letter. The Board requests that the accom-panying Notice be published in the Senate version of the Congressional Record on the first day on which both Houses are in session following receipt of this transmittal. The Board has adopted the same regula-tions for the Senate, the House of Represent-atives, and the other covered entities and fa-cilities, and therefore recommends that the adopted regulations be approved by concur-rent resolution of the Congress. All inquiries regarding this notice should be addressed to Barbara J. Sapin, Executive Director of the Office of Compliance, Room LA–200, 110 2nd Street, SE, Washington, DC 20540; (202) 724–9250. Sincerely, BARBARA L. C AMENS , Chair of the Board of Directors, Office of Compliance. F
ROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE  O
FFICE OF COMPLIANCE  
NOTICE OF ADOPTION OF REGULATIONS AND  
TRANSMITTAL FOR CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL  Modifications to the rights and protections under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), Notice of Adoption of Regulations, as required by 2 U.S.C. § 1384, Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, as amended (CAA). Background The purpose of this Notice is to announce adoption of modifications to the existing leg-islative branch FMLA substantive regula-tions under section 202 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. §1302 et seq.), which applies to covered em-ployees the rights and protections of sec-tions 101 through 105 of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §§2611 through 2615), and such remedies as would be appropriate if awarded under para-graph (1) of section 107(a) of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §2617(a)(1)). These modifications are necessary in order to bring previously ap-proved existing legislative branch FMLA regulations (approved by Congress April 15, 1996) in line with current Department of Labor (DOL) regulations implementing re-cent statutory changes to the FMLA, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq. What is the authority under the CAA for these adopted substantive regulations? Section 202(a) of the CAA provides that the rights and protections established by sec-tions 101 through 105, and remedies under section 107(a)(1) of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §§2611–2615) shall apply to covered employ-ees. Section 202(d)(1) and (2) of the CAA require that the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board), pursuant to section 1384 of the CAA, issue regulations imple-menting the rights and protections of the FMLA and that those regulations shall be ‘‘the same as substantive regulations pro-mulgated by the Secretary of Labor to im-plement the statutory provisions referred to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.018 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4476 June 22, 2016 
1In contrast, the committee report accompanying the bill containing the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 complied with section 102(b)(3) of the CAA and con-tained a provision that indicated an intent to apply the ADA Amendments to the legislative branch. Committee on Education and Labor, H. Rpt. 110–730 §VII (June 23, 2008). 
2An approved regulation can require employing of-fices to provide the additional rights and protec-tions for servicemembers and their families added to the FMLA since 1996. This is because, unlike execu-tive branch agencies, the rulemaking power of the Board (after Congressional approval) is ‘‘an exercise of the rulemaking power of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate’’ under the Constitution. 2 U.S.C. §1431(1). The rulemaking power of Congress under the Constitution, U.S. Const. Art. 1, §5, cl. 2, is a ‘‘broad grant of authority’’ that allows each house of Congress to determine its own internal rules bounded only by ‘‘constitutional restraints and fundamental rights.’’ Consumers Union of U.S., Inc. v. Periodical Correspondents’ Ass’n, 515 F.2d 1341, 1343 (D.C. Cir. 1975); United States v. Ballin, 144 U.S. 1,5 (1892). in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA] except insofar as the Board may determine, for good cause shown . . . that a modifica-tion of such regulations would be more effec-tive for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section.’’ The modi-fications to the regulations issued by the Board herein are all on matters for which section 202 of the CAA requires regulations to be issued. Are there FMLA regulations currently in ef-fect? Yes. On January 22, 1996, the OOC Board adopted and submitted for publication in the Congressional Record the original FMLA final regulations implementing section 202 of the CAA, which applies certain rights and protections of the FMLA. On April 15, 1996, pursuant to section 304(c) of the CAA, the House and the Senate passed resolutions ap-proving the final regulations. Specifically, the Senate passed S. Res. 242, providing for approval of the final regulations applicable to the Senate and the employees of the Sen-ate; the House passed H. Res. 400 providing for approval of the final regulations applica-ble to the House and the employees of the House; and the House and the Senate passed S. Con. Res. 51, providing for approval of the final regulations applicable to employing of-fices and employees other than those offices and employees of the House and the Senate. Once approved by Congress, these regula-tions would supersede and replace the cur-rent substantive Board FMLA regulations from 1996. What does the FMLA provide? The FMLA entitles eligible employees of covered employers to take job-protected, un-paid leave, or to substitute appropriate ac-crued paid leave, for up to a total of 12 work-weeks in a 12-month period: for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter and to care for the newborn child; for the placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adop-tion or foster care; to care for the employee’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a seri-ous health condition; when the employee is unable to work due to the employee’s own serious health condition; or for any quali-fying exigency arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or par-ent is a military member on covered active duty (‘‘qualifying exigency leave’’). An eligi-ble employee may also take up to 26 work-weeks of FMLA leave during a ‘‘single 12– month period’’ to care for a covered service-member with a serious injury or illness, when the employee is the spouse, son, daugh-ter, parent, or next of kin of the servicemem-ber. FMLA leave may be taken in a block or, under certain circumstances, intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule basis. In addi-tion to providing job-protected family and medical leave, employers must also maintain any preexisting group health plan coverage for an employee on FMLA-protected leave under the same conditions that would apply if the employee had not taken leave. 2 U.S.C. §1312(a)(1) (incorporating 29 U.S.C. §2614). Once the leave period is concluded, the em-ployer is required to restore the employee to the same or an equivalent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. Id. Under the FMLA statute, but not applica-ble to the legislative branch, if an employee believes that his or her FMLA rights have been violated, the employee may file a com-plaint with the DOL or file a private lawsuit in federal or state court. Under the CAA, a covered employee of the legislative branch may initiate proceedings with the OOC and may be awarded damages if the employing office has violated the em-ployee’s FMLA rights. The employee is enti-tled to reimbursement for any monetary loss incurred, equitable relief as appropriate, in-terest, attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees, and court costs. Liquidated damages also may be awarded. See 29 U.S.C. §2617. What changes do the proposed amendments make? First, these regulations add the military leave provisions of the FMLA enacted under the National Defense Authorization Acts (NDAA) for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010 (Pub.L. 110–181, Div. A, Title V §§585(a)(2), (3)(A)–(D) and Pub.L. 111–84, Div. A, Title V §565(a)(1)(B) and (4), which: extend the avail-ability of FMLA leave to family members of the Regular Armed Forces for qualifying ex-igencies arising out of a servicemember’s de-ployment; define those deployments covered under these provisions; extend FMLA mili-tary caregiver leave for family members of current servicemembers to include an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty; and extend FMLA military caregiver leave to family members of certain veterans with serious injuries or illnesses. These regu-lations also set forth the revised definition of ‘‘spouse’’ under the FMLA in light of the DOL’s February 25, 2015 Final Rule on the definition of spouse, and the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell, et al., v. Hodges, No. 14–556, 135 S. Ct. 2584 (2015), which requires a state to license a marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was law-fully licensed and performed out-of-state. Why are these changes to the FMLA regula-tions necessary? The CAA requires that the FMLA regula-tions applicable to the legislative branch and promulgated by the Board be the same as substantive regulations issued by the Sec-retary of Labor, unless good cause is shown that a modification would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and pro-tections under the section. 2 U.S.C. §1312(d)(2). On March 8, 2013, the DOL issued its Final Rule implementing its amended FMLA regu-lations (77 FR 8962), which provide for mili-tary caregiver leave for a veteran, qualifying exigency leave for parental care, and special leave calculations for flight crew employees. The Board is required pursuant to the CAA to amend its regulations to achieve parity, unless there is good cause shown to deviate from the DOL’s regulations. In addition, the FMLA amendments pro-viding additional rights and protections for servicemembers and their families were en-acted into law by the NDAA for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010. The Congressional committee reports that accompany the NDAA for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010 and the amended FMLA provisions do not ‘‘describe the manner in which the provision of the bill [relating to terms and conditions of employment] . . . apply to the legislative branch’’ or ‘‘include a statement of the reasons the provision does not apply [to the legislative branch]’’ (in the case of a provision not applicable to the leg-islative branch) as required by Section 102(b)(3) of the CAA. 2 U.S.C. §1302(3); House Committee on Armed Services, H. Rpt. 110– 146 (May 11, 2007), H. Rpt. 111–166 (June 18, 2009). Consequently, when the FMLA was amended to add these additional rights and protections, it was not clear whether Con-gress intended that these additional rights and protections apply in the legislative branch.
1 Several commenters expressed the opinion that when a statutory provision of the FMLA that has generally been incorporated into the CAA is amended, the provision ap-plies as amended unless a provision of the CAA precludes its application. However, there is no clear provision in the CAA that so provides. To the extent that there may be an ambi-guity regarding the applicability to the leg-islative branch of the 2008 and 2010 FMLA amendments, the Board makes clear through these regulations that the rights and protec-tions for military servicemembers apply in the legislative branch and that protections under the CAA are in line with existing pub-lic and private sector protections under the FMLA.2Accordingly, the Board recommends that Congress use its rulemaking authority to clarify that the rights and protections for legislative branch servicemembers and their families have been expanded in a manner consistent with the 2008 and 2010 amend-ments to the FMLA. What do the military family leave provisions provide? Section 585(a) of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 2008 amends the FMLA to provide leave to el-igible employees of covered employers to care for injured servicemembers and for any qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that a covered family member is on active duty or has been notified of an impending call to active duty status in support of a con-tingency operation (collectively referred to herein as ‘‘military family leave’’). The pro-visions of this amendment providing FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember became effective when the law was enacted on January 28, 2008. The provisions of this amendment providing for FMLA leave due to a qualifying exigency arising out of a cov-ered family member’s active duty (or call to active duty) status were effective on Janu-ary 16, 2009. Section 565(a) of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 2010, enacted on October 28, 2009, amends the military family leave provisions of the FMLA. Pub. Law 111–84. The Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA expands the availability of qualifying exigency leave and military caregiver leave. Qualifying exigency leave, which was made available to family members of the National Guard and Reserve components under the Fiscal Year 2008 NDAA, is expanded to in-clude family members of the Regular Armed Forces. The entitlement to qualifying exi-gency leave is expanded by substituting the term ‘‘covered active duty’’ for ‘‘active duty’’ and defining covered active duty for a member of the Regular Armed Forces as ‘‘duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country’’ and for a member of the Reserve components of the Armed Forces as ‘‘duty during the de-ployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a call or order to active duty under a provision of law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4477 June 22, 2016 
referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code.’’ 29 U.S.C. §2611(14). Prior to the Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA amend-ments, there was no requirement that mem-bers of the National Guard and Reserves be deployed to a foreign country. The Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA amendments expand the definition of a ‘‘serious injury or illness’’ for military caregiver leave for cur-rent members of the Armed Forces to in-clude an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty. 29 U.S.C. §2611(18)(A). These amendments also expand the military caregiver leave provisions of the FMLA to allow family members to take military care-giver leave to care for certain veterans. The definition of a ‘‘covered servicemember,’’ which is the term the Act uses to indicate the group of military members for whom military caregiver leave may be taken, is broadened to include a veteran with a seri-ous injury or illness who is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, if the veteran was a member of the Armed Forces at any time during the period of five years preceding the date of the medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy. 29 U.S.C. §2611(15)(B). The amendments define a seri-ous injury or illness for a veteran as a ‘‘qualifying (as defined by the Secretary of Labor) injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces) and that manifested itself before or after the member became a veteran.’’ 29 U.S.C. §2611(18)(B). What is the effect of amending the definition of ‘‘spouse’’? In its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, the Board modified its definition of spouse and invited comment regarding whether it should adopt the DOL’s current definition of spouse or revise the definition of spouse with its newly drafted definition. All commenters suggested the Board adopt the DOL definition of ‘‘spouse’’ as announced in the DOL’s Final Rule for 29 C.F.R. §825 dated February 25, 2015 (one suggesting it be only slightly modified to include a reference to federal law), because the Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges does not in-validate the DOL’s definition of spouse, and the Board has not shown good cause to mod-ify the DOL’s definition. See 2 U.S.C. §1312(d)(2). The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the defini-tion of spouse found in the DOL’s current regulations and, therefore, adopts the DOL definition. Minor editorial changes have been made to sections 825.120, 825.121, 825.122, 825.127, 825.201 and 825.202 to make gender neutral ref-erences to husbands and wives, and mothers and fathers where appropriate so that they apply equally to opposite-sex and same-sex spouses. The Board uses the terms ‘‘spouses’’ and ‘‘parents,’’ as appropriate, in these regu-lations. These editorial changes do not change the availability of FMLA leave, but simply clarify its availability for all eligible employees who are legally married. Procedural Summary How are substantive regulations proposed and approved under the CAA? Pursuant to section 304 of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §1384, the procedure for proposing and approving substantive regulations provides that: (1) the Board of Directors proposes sub-stantive regulations and publishes a general notice of proposed rulemaking in the Con-gressional Record; (2) there be a comment period of at least 30 days after the date of publication of the gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking; (3) after consideration of comments by the Board of Directors, the Board adopts regula-tions and transmits notice of such action (together with the regulations and a rec-ommendation regarding the method for Con-gressional approval of the regulations) to the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate for publication in the Congressional Record; (4) the adopted regulations are referred to committees for action by resolution in each chamber by concurrent resolution, or by joint resolution; and (5) approved regulations are then published in the Congressional Record, with an effec-tive date. This Notice of Adoption of Regulations is step (3) of the outline set forth above. For more detail, please reference the text of 2 U.S.C. §1384. What is the approach taken by these adopted substantive regulations? The Board will follow the procedures as enumerated above and as required by stat-ute. The Board has reviewed and responded to the comments received under step (2) of the outline above, and made changes where necessary to ensure that the adopted regula-tions fully implement section 202 of the CAA, and reflect the practices and policies par-ticular to the legislative branch. Are there substantive differences in the adopted regulations for the House of Rep-resentatives, the Senate, and other em-ploying offices? No. The Board of Directors has adopted one set of regulations for all employing offices. The House suggested that separate regula-tions be adopted by the Board because of its ‘‘unique administrative structures.’’ For the reasons stated in this Notice, the Board finds no reason to vary the text of the regulations. Therefore, if these regulations are approved as adopted, there will be one text applicable to all employing offices and covered employ-ees. See 2 U.S.C. §1331(e)(2). Are these adopted regulations also rec-ommended by the Office of Compliance’s Executive Director, the Deputy Executive Director for the Senate, and the Deputy Executive Director for the House of Rep-resentatives? Yes. As required by section 304(b)(1) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §1384(b)(1), the substance of these regulations is also recommended by the Executive Director, the Deputy Execu-tive Director for the Senate, and the Deputy Executive Director for the House of Rep-resentatives. What are the next steps in the process of pro-mulgation of these regulations? Pursuant to section 304(b)(4) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 1384(b)(4), the Board of Directors is re-quired to recommend to Congress a method of approval for these regulations. As the Board has adopted the same regulations for the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the other covered entities and facilities, it therefore recommends that the adopted regulations be approved by concurrent reso-lution of the Congress. Are these adopted substantive regulations available to persons with disabilities in an alternate format? Yes. This Notice of Adopted Regulations and the substantive regulations are available on the OOC’s web site, www.compliance.gov, which is compliant with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §794(d). This Notice can also be made available in large print or Braille. Requests for this Notice in an alternative format should be made to: Alexandria Sabatini, Ad-ministrative Assistant, Office of Compliance, 110 2nd Street, S.E., Room LA–200, Wash-ington, D.C. 20540; 202–724–9250; FAX: 202–426– 1913. Am I allowed to view copies of comments submitted by others? Yes. Copies of submitted comments are available for review on the OOC’s web site at www.compliance.gov, and at the Office of Compliance, 110 Second Street, S.E., Wash-ington, D.C. 20540–1999, on Monday through Friday (non-federal holidays) between the hours of 9:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. Summary The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (CAA), PL 104–1, was enacted into law on January 23, 1995. The CAA, as amended, ap-plies the rights and protections of thirteen federal labor and employment statutes to covered employees and employing offices within the legislative branch of the federal government. Section 202 of the CAA applies to employees covered by the CAA, the rights and protections established by sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), 29 U.S.C. §§2611—2615. The above provisions of section 202 became effective on January 1, 1997. 2 U.S.C. §1312. The Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance is now publishing its adopted amended regulations to implement section 202 of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §§1301–1438, as ap-plied to covered employees of the House of Representatives, the Senate, and certain Congressional instrumentalities listed below. The purpose of these amended regulations is to implement section 202 of the CAA. In this Notice of Adoption of Regulations, the Board adopts identical regulations for the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the seven Congressional instrumentalities. Accordingly: (1) Senate. The amended regulations adopt-ed in this Notice shall apply to entities with-in the Senate, as recommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the Senate. (2) House of Representatives. The amended regulations adopted in this Notice shall apply to entities within the House of Rep-resentatives, as recommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the House of Representatives. (3) Certain Congressional instrumentalities. The amended regulations in this Notice shall apply to the Office of Congressional Accessi-bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment; as recommended by the OOC’s Executive Director. Section-by-Section Discussion of Adopted Changes to the FMLA Regulations The following is a section-by-section dis-cussion of the adopted regulations. Where a change is made to a regulatory section, that section is discussed below. However, as the DOL has significantly reorganized its FMLA regulations, which the Board’s adopted regu-lations mirror, many of the sections are moved into other areas of the subpart. The Board as a result will use the adopted sec-tion and numbers to provide explanation and analysis of changes. In addition, even if a section is not discussed, there may be minor editorial changes or corrections that do not warrant discussion. In addition, several sections have been re-structured and reorganized to improve the accessibility of the information ( e.g., guid- ance on leave for pregnancy and birth of a child is addressed in one consolidated sec-tion; an employing office’s notice obligations are combined in one section). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4478 June 22, 2016 
Some commenters suggested that the Board modify the regulations where a com-menter believed that clarification was need-ed to resolve potential ambiguities in the DOL regulation. However, the Board has long held that it will not opine on interpre-tive ambiguities in the regulations—outside of the adjudicatory context of individual cases. The Board’s rulemaking authority under the CAA is restricted to circumstances where there is ‘‘good cause’’ to depart from the Secretary of Labor’s substantive regula-tions. Further, the Board’s adjudicatory function would be undermined if it prejudged ambiguous or disputed interpretive matters. Therefore, the Board does not find ‘‘good cause’’ to modify a regulation where the re-quest is based on an ostensible need for clari-fication. Section by Section Discussion and Board Consideration of Comments SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA To clarify that the CAA and not the FMLA applies directly to employing offices, the Board has added ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ to the section title at the suggestion of one commenter. A commenter suggested that the Board clarify that these regulations supersede and replace the Board’s substantive regulations currently applicable to the covered legisla-tive branch entities. To resolve any uncer-tainty, if approved by Congress, these regu-lations would necessarily supersede and re-place the current substantive Board FMLA regulations. Section 825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 825.100(a) This section allows eligible employees to take FMLA leave for reasons including a qualifying exigency ‘‘ . . . arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daugh-ter, or parent . . . is on call to active duty status.’’ One commenter requested the Board add an ‘‘ed’’ to the word ‘‘call’’ for clarity— so that the phrase would read: ‘‘ . . . arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military mem-ber on active duty or called to covered active duty status . . . ’’ The Board finds that the ‘‘call to covered active duty status’’ is a sta-tus term appearing in the DOL’s regulations, and finds no good cause to modify DOL’s ter-minology. 825.100(b) In the proposed regulations, the Board italicized a reference to the House of Rep-resentatives. A commenter suggested mak-ing consistent the House and instrumental-ities’ versions of these regulations with the Senate version. Because there is only one version of these regulations, the italicized and parenthetical language that references separate entities has been deleted from these adopted regulations. Section 825.102 Definitions. The Board finds good cause to depart from the DOL regulations with respect to some definitions. As discussed above, the Board clarifies that the CAA and not the ADA ap-plies directly to employing offices by adding ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ to the defi-nition of ADA. In addition, the term ‘‘Act’’ as defined in the DOL regulations and referred to in the FMLA can be confused with the Congres-sional Accountability Act (CAA). Accord-ingly, the definition of ‘‘Act’’ is excluded from the Board’s regulations. To avoid any confusion, the definition for ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ in the DOL regulations has been de-leted. Similarly, as there is no airline flight crew covered under the CAA, the definition of and all references to ‘‘airline flight crew employee’’ has been deleted in the Board’s regulations. Because the DOL definitions of ‘‘commerce and industry or activity affecting com-merce’’ and ‘‘applicable monthly guarantee’’ involve concepts that do not apply to em-ploying offices covered by the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude these defi-nitions from the regulations. One commenter suggested, as a general ob-servation, that several definitions conflict with the statutory definitions of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §2611) and the CAA (2 U.S.C. §1312). The Board responds to the comment by ad-dressing the definitions as they appear in the provisions. ‘‘Covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status’’ One commenter suggested that the regu-latory definition improperly expands the coverage of ‘‘Covered active duty’’ and sug-gested the Board seek a statutory correction to 2 U.S.C. §2611 or 2 U.S.C. §1312 if an ex-panded definition is intended. The Board finds that its regulation is consistent with DOL’s regulation which was intended to ex-pand such coverage under the FMLA in line with the military leave provisions of the FMLA enacted under the National Defense Authorization Acts (NDAA), and therefore does not find good cause to modify its regu-lation. ‘‘Covered employee’’ One commenter suggested that the defini-tion of ‘‘Covered employee’’ does not need to be included in these regulations because that term is defined in 2 U.S.C. §1302(3)–(10) of the CAA. The Board finds no good cause to mod-ify the regulation, and includes the defini-tion of ‘‘Covered employee’’ in its regula-tions. ‘‘Covered servicemember’’ One commenter stated that the regulatory definition is inconsistent with the definition in 2[sic] U.S.C. §2611 (15), and suggested de-leting the definition. The Board finds that the proposed definition of ‘‘Covered service-member’’ is consistent with the DOL’s regu-lation and that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL’s regulation. ‘‘Covered veteran’’ One commenter claimed that the regu-latory definition is inconsistent with the statutory definition in 2[sic] U.S.C. §2611 (15) and (19), and suggested deletion. The Board finds that the definition of ‘‘Covered vet-eran’’ is consistent with the DOL’s regula-tion and that no good cause to modify the DOL’s regulation has been shown. ‘‘Eligible employee’’ A commenter noted that the definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ in the Board’s regula-tions is different than the statutory defini-tion of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ under section 202(a)(2)(B), but made no recommendation. Because the DOL’s definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ (paragraphs ii(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) in sec-tion 825.102) is not consistent with the defini-tion of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ in CAA section 202(a)(2)(B), the Board finds good cause to keep the definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ that is used in the current version of the OOC FMLA regulations and to delete the def-inition as it appears in the DOL regulation. ‘‘Employee’’ One commenter suggested that this defini-tion need not be included in the FMLA regu-lations because it is already covered in 2 U.S.C. §1301 of the CAA. The Board finds that no good cause has been provided to modify the regulation, and includes the definition of ‘‘Employee’’ in its regulations. ‘‘Employee employed in an instructional capacity’’ One commenter suggested that reference to teachers should be deleted from the regu-lations because the commenter does not cur-rently employ teachers. The Board finds that this section may be relevant to other em-ploying offices now or in the future, and therefore finds no good cause to delete the definition. ‘‘Employee of the House of Representa-tives’’ One commenter suggested correcting the definition of ‘‘Employee of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ to state that it does not in-clude any individual employed in subpara-graphs 2–9 in the definition of covered em-ployee above. The Board is following the lan-guage of the statute (see 2 U.S.C §1301(7)) and finds no good cause to modify this provision. ‘‘Employee of the Senate’’ One commenter suggested that the defini-tion of ‘‘Employee of the Senate’’ should be corrected to include ‘‘but not any individual employed by any entity listed in subpara-graphs 1, or 3–9. The Board is following the language of the statute (see 2 U.S.C §1301(8)) and finds no good cause to modify this provi-sion. ‘‘Employing office’’ One commenter suggested that the defini-tion of ‘‘Employing office’’ does not need to be included in these regulations because this definition is already covered in 2 U.S.C. §1301 of the CAA. The Board finds good cause to keep the definition—modified to the extent that it reflects the unique definition of ‘‘Em-ploying office’’ under the CAA. ‘‘Employment benefits’’ One commenter suggested deleting this regulatory definition because it is similar but not the same as the statutory definition found in 2[sic] U.S.C. §2611(5). The Board finds that the definition of ‘‘Employment benefits’’ is consistent with the DOL’s regu-lation, and that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL’s regulation. ‘‘FLSA’’ means the Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. §201 et seq.), as made applica-ble by the Congressional Accountability Act. To clarify that the CAA and not the FLSA applies directly to employing offices, the Board has added ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ to the section title, at the suggestion of a commenter. ‘‘FMLA’’ means the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, Public Law 103–3 (Feb-ruary 5, 1993), 107 Stat. 6 (29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq., as amended), as made applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act. To clarify that the CAA and not the FMLA applies di-rectly to employing offices, the Board has added ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ to the section title, at the suggestion of a com-menter. ‘‘Health care provider’’ In the paragraphs defining ‘‘Health care provider,’’ to avoid confusion, the Board is substituting ‘‘the Secretary’’ with ‘‘the De-partment of Labor.’’ Thus, the Board’s FMLA regulations define ‘‘Health care pro-vider’’ as ‘‘any other person determined by the Department of Labor to be capable of providing health care services.’’ One commenter suggested that in the defi-nition ‘‘any other person . . . capable of pro-viding healthcare services . . .’’ is overly broad. The Board’s definition of ‘‘Health care provider’’ is consistent with the DOL’s regu-lation and good cause has not been shown to modify the DOL’s regulation. ‘‘Outpatient status’’ One commenter claimed the definition of ‘‘Outpatient status’’ is different than the statutory definition in 29 U.S.C. §2611(16) and suggested that the Board use the statutory definition. The Board finds that the defini-tion of ‘‘Outpatient status’’ in its regula-tions is consistent with the DOL’s regula-tions and that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL’s regulations. ‘‘Physical or mental disability’’ Under the paragraph defining ‘‘physical or mental disability,’’ the Board has replaced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4479 June 22, 2016 
the language from the DOL regulations indi-cating that 29 CFR part 1630, issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. §12101 et seq., as amended, ‘‘defines’’ these terms, and states instead that regulations issued by the EEOC ‘‘ provide guidance to’’ these terms.’’ (Italics added). Because the terms ‘‘Person’’ and ‘‘Public agency’’ are not applicable to employing of-fices covered by the CAA, the Board has also found good cause to exclude these DOL defi-nitions from its proposed regulations. ‘‘Spouse’’ The Board had proposed to adopt the fol-lowing definition of ‘‘Spouse’’ that is not the same as the DOL definition: Spouse means a husband or wife. For pur-poses of this definition, husband or wife re-fers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This definition includes an indi-vidual in a same-sex marriage. This defini-tion also includes an individual in a common law marriage that either: (1) was entered into in a State that recognizes such mar-riages or, (2) if entered into outside of any State, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. Commenters suggested that the Board adopt the DOL’s definition of spouse noting that the Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, does not invalidate the DOL’s definition. In addition, one com-menter suggested that the Board’s proposed definition is inconsistent with the statutory definition (‘‘spouse’’ means a husband or wife, as the case may be) and the DOL’s reg-ulations. Another commenter suggested that the Board’s proposed definition does not in-clude a requirement that a valid marriage between participants of any sex is defined by reference to state law. Finding that no good cause has been shown to modify the current definition of spouse found in the DOL’s regu-lations, the Board adopts the DOL definition. Section 825.104 Covered employing offices. Three commenters suggested that section 825.104(c) should be deleted because the inte-grated employer concept does not apply in the context of the CAA. Under the integrated employer test, separate entities of a private sector employer will be regarded as a single employer based on an evaluation of such fac-tors as common management, interrelation between operations, centralized control of labor relations, and degree of common own-ership/financial control. See 29 C.F.R. §825.104(c)(2). If the integrated employer test is met, all entities in question will be consid-ered one employer, for purposes of counting employees. Under the FMLA, private sector employees engaged in commerce or an indus-try affecting commerce are covered if 50 or more employees are employed in at least 20 or more calendar workweeks. Under the CAA, however, there is no such numerosity requirement; the CAA covers all employing offices regardless of the number of employ-ees. The integrated employer concept there-fore is inapplicable. Based on the foregoing, the Board agrees that the integrated em-ployer concept does not currently apply to the legislative branch covered employing of-fices and has deleted section 825.104(c) from its adopted regulations. Section 825.106 Joint employer coverage. As joint employment relationships are treated differently under the CAA than by the DOL, the Board finds good cause to keep the language in the current OOC regulations in paragraphs (b) through (e) of this section. Also, as it is not applicable under the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude from its definitions language relating to Profes-sional Employer Organizations (PEOs) as joint employers. As the DOL has noted, PEOs contract with private small businesses to provide services that large businesses can af-ford, but that small businesses cannot afford, such as compliance with government stand-ards, employer liability management, retire-ment benefits, and other employment bene-fits. Congress already provides these services for its employees. Section 825.110 Eligible employees. This section defines who may be eligible for FMLA leave. One commenter suggested that the provision is inconsistent with the statutory definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ under the CAA, and is thus ultra vires and should not be adopted. The Board finds that this provision is not inconsistent with the definition of ‘‘Eligible employee’’ under the CAA, and that it is in line with the expanded coverage under the FMLA, as applied by the CAA. 825.110(a)(1) This section provides that ‘‘An eligible em-ployee is an employee of a covered employ-ing office who: (1) Has been employed by any employing office for at least 12 months . . . ’’ One commenter stated that this section ex-pands the definition of eligible employee found in section 825.102, and suggested that the language in section 825.110(a) be revised to read ‘‘An eligible employee is a covered employee of an employing office who . . . ’’ (Italics added). The Board has made the lan-guage in the definition of eligible employee in section 825.110(a) consistent with the defi-nition in section 825.102 and the CAA because the statute uses the terms ‘‘Covered em-ployee’’ and ‘‘Employing office.’’ 825.110(a)(3) and (e) The Board finds good cause to exclude from its regulations the following language from the DOL regulations because it is not appli-cable to the CAA: ‘‘(3) Is employed at a worksite where 50 or more employees are employed by the em-ployer within 75 miles of that worksite. (See section 825.105(b) regarding employees who work outside the U.S.) ’’ Similarly, the Board finds good cause to exclude from these regulations the following paragraph: ‘‘(e) Whether 50 employees are employed within 75 miles to ascertain an employee’s eligibility for FMLA benefits is determined when the employee gives notice of the need for leave. Whether the leave is to be taken at one time or on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, once an employee is de-termined eligible in response to that notice of the need for leave, the employee’s eligi-bility is not affected by any subsequent change in the number of employees em-ployed at or within 75 miles of the employ-ee’s worksite, for that specific notice of the need for leave. Similarly, an employer may not terminate employee leave that has al-ready started if the employee-count drops below 50. For example, if an employer em-ploys 60 employees in August, but expects that the number of employees will drop to 40 in December, the employer must grant FMLA benefits to an otherwise eligible em-ployee who gives notice of the need for leave in August.’’ 825.110(b)(1)–(2) The Board has determined that the use of the term ‘‘any employing office’’ clarifies that work in more than one employing office may be aggregated to determine eligibility. 825.110(c)(1) Regarding the aggregation of hours where an employee works for more than one em-ploying office, the Board proposed: If an employee was employed by two or more employing offices, either sequentially or concurrently, the hours of service will be aggregated to determine whether the min-imum of 1,250 hours has been reached. Several commenters suggested that be-cause section 825.110(c)(1) allows employees to aggregate their hours of work from se-quential employing offices to meet the hours or months of service requirements to be eli-gible for FMLA leave, the Board must clarify that FMLA leave taken by an employee at a former employing office may count against FMLA leave entitlement at another employ-ing office in the 12 month period. Section 825.208(f) of the OOC’s 1996 regulations made it clear that a subsequent employing office may count FMLA leave taken with a prior employing office against a covered employ-ee’s current FMLA entitlement. As a general rule, the legislative branch allows for the ag-gregation of time whereas the private sector and the executive branch do not. One com-menter suggested that the Board incorporate a paragraph (e) in this section that would read: ‘‘(e) If, before beginning employment with an employing office, an employee had been employed by another employing office, the subsequent employing office may count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment FMLA leave taken from the prior em-ploying office.’’ The Board finds good cause to add lan-guage clarifying that FMLA leave taken by an employee may count against FMLA leave entitlement at another employing office, see section 825.110(e). 825.110(c)(3) One commenter mentioned that the second sentence of this section references ‘‘a person reemployed following USERRA-covered serv-ice . . .’’ (Italics added) and suggested chang-ing the term ‘‘person’’ to ‘‘covered em-ployee.’’ The Board has determined that lan-guage in this section is consistent with DOL regulations, and there is no good cause shown to modify the DOL regulations. 825.110(c)(4) A commenter suggested that a parenthet-ical reference to the FLSA regulations should reference the OOC substantive regula-tions, rather than the DOL citation (i.e., OOC Regulations §§H541.1–H541.3). In addi-tion, the commenter suggested that because the definition of ‘‘teacher’’ does not apply to any House entity, the Board should either simplify the clarifying ‘‘example’’ contained in this paragraph (e.g., removing the ref-erence to the definition of teacher), or find another example that would be relevant to House employing offices. The Board has amended the proposed language to clarify that the FLSA is made applicable to the leg-islative branch by the CAA and its sub-stantive regulations, but finds no reason to deviate from the example provided in the DOL regulation regarding this provision. 825.110(d) One commenter suggested that the term ‘‘worked’’ is not defined, and suggests in-cluding ‘‘met the hours or service require-ment.’’ The Board agrees that the term ‘‘worked’’ is not consistent with the DOL provision and has substituted the phrase ‘‘meets the hours of service requirement’’ in the section, as provided in the DOL regula-tions. Section 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general rule. 825.112(a)(5) One commenter stated that the DOL limits ‘‘qualifying exigency’’ as determined by reg-ulation of the Secretary (see 29 U.S.C. §2612(a)(1)(e)), and that the Board’s proposed regulations do not place any such limita-tions. The commenter suggested that the Board define what is meant by any ‘‘quali-fying exigency.’’ The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Two commenters suggested adding ‘‘duty’’ in between ‘‘covered active’’ and ‘‘status’’ as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4480 June 22, 2016 
shown above in section 825.112(a)(5). The Board has made the suggested change. Section 825.114 Inpatient Care. One commenter noted that ‘‘any period of incapacity’’ is defined as an ‘‘inability to work’’ but doesn’t require medical verification. The commenter suggested add-ing after ‘‘period of incapacity as defined in section 825.113(b) ‘‘as verified by a medical certification in accordance with section 825.305’’ to clarify. The Board finds no good cause to add the suggested language to the provision. Section 825.115 Continuing Treatment. 825.115(a)(5) The Board proposed to adopt unchanged the DOL’s definitions of ‘‘serious health con-dition’’ and ‘‘incapacity plus treatment.’’ One commenter suggested that these defini-tions as written, while intending to exempt minor ailments from FMLA coverage as leg-islative history would require, could be ar-gued to cover a three day absence from work combined with a visit to a doctor and round of antibiotics, or an otherwise minor ailment in contravention of the FMLA’s intended coverage. The commenter requested that the Board increase the days of incapacity from three to five and further require two visits to a healthcare provider within 30 days of the incapacity to demonstrate ‘‘continuing treatment,’’ as opposed to also allowing one visit to a doctor coupled with ‘‘a regimen of continuing treatment.’’ (See §825.115) The commenter believed there to be good cause to change the DOL definitions because legis-lative branch offices offer generous paid time off and sick leave policies that would more appropriately cover the minor and non- chronic ailments that Congress recognized as outside the statutory protections of the FMLA. The Board finds that no good cause has been shown to deviate from the DOL definitions of ‘‘serious health condition’’ or ‘‘incapacity plus treatment.’’ Section 825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. References in the DOL’s regulations to state law in this section and other sections throughout the DOL’s regulations have not been adopted by the Board because state law does not apply to the legislative branch. Further, in this section and other sections throughout the DOL regulations, any ref-erences to spouses who are employed at two different worksites of an employer located more than 75 miles from each other have not been adopted by the Board because such sce-narios are not applicable to the legislative branch. Two commenters suggested deleting the following sentence from section 825.120(a)(3): ‘‘Note, too, that many state pregnancy dis-ability laws specify a period of disability ei-ther before or after the birth of a child; such periods would also be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition of the birth mother, and would not be subject to the combined limit’’ because state law does not apply to the legislative branch. Indeed, the commenter notes that the Board, in its pre-amble to the proposed regulations, agreed that the section should be deleted. If the rea-soning for discussing ‘‘state pregnancy dis-ability laws’’ is to underscore the point that the birth mother may suffer pre/post-birth medical complications that would not be subject to the combined limitation of FMLA leave for spouses, the language earlier in this section, as well as in the following section, (a)(4), clarifies that the serious health condi-tion of the birth mother, either before or after the birth, would independently qualify for FMLA leave. Finally, removal of this lan-guage is consistent with the removal of simi-lar references to state law in section 825.121(a)(2) (removing the DOL language that instructs the reader to ‘‘ See section 825.701 regarding non-FMLA leave which may be available under applicable State laws’’). The Board finds good cause to delete this ref-erence to state law, and has deleted the last sentence of section 825.120(a)(3) from its adopted regulations. Section 825.121(b) Use of Intermittent and re-duced schedule leave. One commenter suggested that the ref-erence to section 825.601 at the conclusion of this section regarding ‘‘special rules applica-ble to instructional employees of schools’’ is not applicable to House employing offices, and suggested deleting this language. The Board contemplates that if not currently ap-plicable, the term may become applicable to an employing office, and finds that good cause to delete this language from its regula-tions has not been shown. Section 825.122(b) Covered servicemember spouse. Commenters noted that the definition of ‘‘spouse’’ contained in the proposed regula-tion deviates from the corresponding DOL regulation, and the Board has not shown good cause for such deviation. As noted pre-viously, the Board hereby adopts DOL’s cur-rent definition of spouse. Section 825.122(d)(2) Physical or mental dis-ability. One commenter suggested replacing ‘‘de-fine these terms’’ in section 825.122(d)(2) with ‘‘provide guidance for these terms.’’ As a basis, the commenter noted that the EEOC’s ADA regulations do not define terms related to physical or mental disabilities but merely provide guidance in interpreting those terms. See 161 Cong. Rec. S6707. The Board finds good cause to deviate from DOL’s lan-guage with regard to this provision, and re-places ‘‘define these terms’’ with ‘‘provide guidance for these terms.’’ Section 825.125(a)(2)–(3) One commenter said that ‘‘any other per-son’’ is overly broad and expands the statu-tory definition in 2[sic] U.S.C. §2611(6), and suggested that the Board use the statutory definition with a clarification. The Board finds that its regulation mirrors the DOL’s definition, and that no good cause to modify the regulation has been shown. 
SUBPART B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
Section 825.200 Amount of Leave. 825.200(a)(5) One commenter suggested adding ‘‘cov-ered’’ between ‘‘order to’’ and ‘‘active duty’’ in section 825.200(a)(5). The Board has made the suggested change. 825.200(h) One commenter suggested that since the House no longer has a school, the example of a school closing two weeks for the Christ-mas/New Year Holiday or for a summer vaca-tion is not helpful when discussing tem-porary cessation of business activities. The Board finds that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave schedule. 825.202(b) One commenter requested additional guid-ance regarding the use of intermittent leave claiming the terms ‘‘medical necessity’’ and ‘‘to provide care or psychological comfort to a covered family member with a serious health condition’’ are too vague. As noted previously, the Board declines to modify DOL’s regulations to resolve potential ambi-guities. 825.202(d) One commenter suggested that ‘‘qualifying exigency’’ be specifically defined (as dis-cussed in section 825.112 above). The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation, and the Board will not modify DOL’s regulations to resolve potential ambiguities. Section 825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.203 One commenter suggested that section 825.203 addresses only situations where inter-mittent leave is ‘‘medically necessary’’ or ‘‘because of a qualifying exigency’’ and does not address the circumstances outlined in section 825.202. Further, the commenter sug-gests that the proposed regulation be rewrit-ten to address each circumstance proposed in section 825.202, and to provide ‘‘objective spe-cific notice requirements an employee must provide to an employing office.’’ The com-menter also suggested that section 825.203 be rewritten to consider each of the factors enu-merated in proposed regulation section 825.303, particularly section 303(c) ‘‘Com-plying with Employing Office Policies,’’ or minimally, that section 825.203 should have a 24 hour notice period requirement, absent ex-ceptional circumstances, to ‘‘avoid situa-tions where an employee attempts to use intermittent leave to avoid working addi-tional duty—placing supervisors in the posi-tion of questioning the need for leave and staffing the post.’’ The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the current DOL regulation. Section 825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.205(a)(2) One commenter suggested that the exam-ples given that include reference to a flight attendant or a railroad conductor scheduled to work aboard an airplane or train, or a lab-oratory employee are not useful because there is no equivalent position available in the House of Representatives. The com-menter suggested using examples that would occur in the House workplace. Also, given the statement in the definitions section of the Preamble that all references to ‘‘airline flight crew employee’’ have been deleted, the reference to ‘‘flight attendant’’ should be de-leted because of the similarity between these descriptions. The examples given are for il-lustrative purposes only. The Board has de-termined that no good cause has been shown to modify the current DOL regulation. Section 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA. Although the DOL amended its FMLA reg-ulations to add computer employees to the list of exempt employees who do not lose their FLSA exempt status despite being pro-vided unpaid FMLA leave, the Board finds good cause not to include ‘‘computer em-ployees’’ to the list of employees who may qualify as exempt from the overtime and minimum wage requirements of the FLSA. The Board’s September 29, 2004 Proposed Regulations implementing exemptions from the overtime pay requirements under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) were never enacted into law, and so the ex-isting OOC FLSA regulations do not include exemptions for computer employees. There-fore, the OOC’s adopted FMLA regulations do not include these employees in this sec-tion. One commenter suggested that the Board reference OOC’s FLSA regulations con-cerning ‘‘employees exempt under a salary and duties test’’ rather than mention each category of employee subject to the exemp-tion and specifically exclude computer em-ployees. The Board has determined that there is good cause to modify the provision to exclude reference to DOL’s specific cat-egories of exemption because that reference 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4481 June 22, 2016 
conflicts with the Board’s 1996 FLSA regula-tions. 825.206(c) One commenter suggested that the Board delete ‘‘such as leave in excess of 12 weeks in a year’’ after ‘‘for leave which is more gen-erous than provided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA.’’ The Board has made the requested change making the Board’s regulation the same as the current DOL reg-ulation. Two commenters suggested that this sec-tion refers to ‘‘. . . leave to care for a grand-parent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condition,’’ but the language of the corresponding DOL regulation reads ‘‘. . . leave to care for a grandparent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condi-tion or serious injury or illness’’ (emphasis supplied). The commenters suggested that it is unclear why there is a variation between the language of the DOL regulations and the proposed amendments to the Board’s regula-tions. One commenter noted that the April 19, 1996 FMLA regulations issued by the Board also inexplicably contain this vari-ation in the language from the DOL regula-tions. Further, the broader description as stated in the DOL regulations more fully captures the scope of the definition of a ‘‘se-rious health condition.’’ The commenters suggested that the Board revise the language in this section to make it consistent with the DOL regulations. The Board has made the suggested change making the Board’s regulation the same as the current DOL reg-ulation. Further, any references in this section and other sections throughout the DOL regula-tions which place limitations on an em-ployee who works for an employing office with fewer than 50 employees have not been adopted by the Board because such limita-tions do not apply to the legislative branch. See 825.111. Section 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 825.207(a) A commenter suggested that the phrase ‘‘will remain entitled to all paid leave which is earned or accrued’’ in section 825.207(b) is not clear when an employee takes unpaid leave. The commenter noted that many em-ploying offices’ policies do not permit paid leave to be earned or accrued when an em-ployee takes unpaid leave, and suggested that the following language be added to sec-tion 825.207(a): ‘‘If neither the employee nor the employing office elects to substitute paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave under the above conditions and circumstances, the em-ployee will accrue leave in accordance with the employing offices[sic] stated policies.’’ Section 825.207(a) and (b) reference the re-quirements of an employer’s leave plan, and the Board finds no good cause to modify the regulation. 825.207(f) Under the FLSA, an employing office al-ways has the right to cash out an employee’s FLSA compensatory time or to require the employee to use the time. Therefore, if an employee requests and is permitted to use accrued FLSA compensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. The Board sought comments from inter-ested parties as to whether such a provision is appropriate for the legislative branch. One commenter suggested that the pro-posed language is appropriate given the fact that there is no reason to treat compen-satory time differently than paid annual or sick leave for purposes of substituting that time for unpaid FMLA leave. One commenter suggested substituting ‘‘as applied by §1313 of the Congressional Ac-countability Act’’ for ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ in section 825.207(f). The Board has determined that the current language suffi-ciently underscores the fact that the CAA, and not the FLSA, applies to employing of-fices. A commenter suggested that under the proposed regulation, the payment of compen-satory time is not clear because some em-ploying offices provide compensatory time that is not covered/authorized under the FLSA, and suggested the regulation state ‘‘FLSA’’ prior to each reference to FLSA compensatory time. The commenter is cor-rect that in some cases employing offices may grant ‘‘time off awards’’ or other non- monetary entitlements to time away from the workplace that do not accrue under the FLSA. However, these grants of time do not necessarily entitle employees to pay, and may not be ‘‘cashed out’’ for wages as this section instructs. The section specifically covers an employee’s use of accrued compen-satory time that was earned in lieu of over-time pay ‘‘under the FLSA,’’ and the Board finds no good cause to modify the provision. Section 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. The Board has changed what it believes to be a typographical error in the DOL regula-tions and cross references this section with section 825.102 and not section 825.800 when referring to the definition of ‘‘group health plan.’’ Section 825.215 Equivalent position. Any references from the DOL regulations in this section and other sections to the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) have not been adopted by the Board because ERISA does not apply to the legisla-tive branch. Section 825.216 Limitations on employee’s right to reinstatement. This section clarifies that an employee has no greater employment rights than if the employee had been continually employed during the FMLA leave period. The Board questioned whether the following language in section 825.216(a)(3) of the DOL regula-tions applied to the legislative branch: ‘‘On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work on a contract, and after that contract period the contract was awarded to another contractor, the successor contractor may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employer. See section 825.107.’’ The Board proposed that the OOC regula-tions contain the following language and re-quested comments from interested parties, especially with respect to caucus or com-mittee employees: ‘‘On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a project for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the same employee was assigned to work at another employing office on the same project, the successor employing office may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office.’’ Two commenters suggested deleting sec-tion 825.216(a)(3) because it refers to the con-cept of successor liability, a concept they say is inapplicable, and cross-references §825.107 which has been ‘‘reserved’’ by the Board in these proposed regulations. The concept of ‘‘successor in interest’’ is developed in section 825.107 of the Secretary of Labor’s regulations. The regulations state that a determination of whether a ‘‘suc-cessor in interest’’ exists is determined by the ‘‘entire circumstances * * * viewed in their totality.’’ The regulation also states: ‘‘The factors to be considered include: (1) Substantial continuity of the same business operations; (2) Use of the same plant; (3) Con-tinuity of the work force; (4) Similarity of jobs and working conditions; (5) Similarity of supervisory personnel; (6) Similarity of machinery, equipment, and production methods; (7) Similarity of products or serv-ices; and (8) The ability of the predecessor to provide relief.’’ Many of the factors listed above are inapplicable to the legislative branch. Thus, section 825.107 remains re-served in these regulations. However, situa-tions may arise where the concept of successorship will be relevant. For example, if committee jurisdictions are restructured, it may be necessary to determine which, if any, of the surviving committees is the ‘‘suc-cessor in interest’’ to the former committee. Thus, determining the successor may be im-portant in determining whether a remaining committee must grant leave for an eligible employee who provided adequate notice to the former committee, or must continue leave begun while an employee was employed by the former committee. Therefore, a deter-mination as to successorship may yet be de-cided. As such, the Board finds no good cause to modify the DOL regulation, but has de-leted the cross reference to section 825.107 because it is reserved in these regulations. 825.216(e) This regulation prohibits an employing of-fice that does not have a policy regarding outside income from denying benefits to which an employee is entitled under FMLA, unless fraudulently obtained. One com-menter suggested that the Board’s proposed language ignores the fact that there are stat-utory and ethics rules governing the outside employment of all House employees. See, e.g., House Ethics Manual (2008 Ed.) 185–246. To address this issue, the commenter suggested that the Board amend the second sentence of this section to include the following italicized language: ‘‘An employing office which does not have such a policy may not deny benefits to which an employee is entitled under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, on this basis unless the FMLA leave was fraudulently ob-tained as in paragraph (d) of this section or the employee’s outside or supplemental employ-ment violates applicable law, regulation or House Rule.’’ The Board has determined that there is no good cause to modify the rule as suggested because the Board’s proposed language is the same as the DOL regulation, and the term ‘‘policy’’ should be broad enough to include ‘‘applicable law, regulation, or rule’’ as it is applied to the employing offices, including the House, should there be such a rule. Section 825.217 Key employee, general rule. For the reasons already stated, the Board finds good cause to modify the DOL changes to section 825.217(b) which exempt computer employees from the minimum wage and overtime requirements of the FLSA. As the language in the FLSA is inconsistent with the 1996 OOC FLSA regulations, the Board believes that this exemption should not be included. 825.217(b) One commenter believes the regulations should reference ‘‘OOC’s FLSA regulations concerning employees who are exempt under the salary and duties test’’ instead of listing the exemption categories (professional, exec-utive, administrative), and specifically ex-cluding computer employees. As the salary and duties test is made applicable by the CAA, the Board finds good cause to delete the parenthetical list of exemptions as well as the superfluous ‘‘end parentheses’’ typo-graphical error as suggested. Section 825.220 Protection for employees who request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 825.220(a)(2) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4482 June 22, 2016 
This section protects employees who exer-cise their rights under the law. One com-menter suggested that section 825.220(a) is confusing and not consistent with 29 U.S.C. §2615, as adopted by the CAA, and stated that since section 825.220(a)(1–3) merely re-states the law, they should be deleted as du-plicative. In addition, by adding ‘‘com-plaining about’’ in section 825.220(2), a cause of action not otherwise available under the CAA is created. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation, with two minor devi-ations (‘‘person v. covered employee’’ and ‘‘covered employee v. eligible employee’’) which are terms that are substituted to make the regulation consistent with the CAA terminology. While the term ‘‘com-plaining’’ is not found in section 207 of the CAA, it is the language used by the DOL in its anti-retaliation regulation (See 29 C.F.R. §825.220). Covered employees are covered by the anti-retaliation prohibition in both the CAA and the FMLA. 825.220(b) Two commenters proposed removing the sentence ‘‘An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the vio-lation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See section 825.400(c).’’ One commenter suggested that the quoted lan-guage misstates the law as it applies to the CAA because an employing office could not be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation and for other ac-tual monetary losses sustained. See 29 U.S.C. §2617(a)(1)(A)(i). The commenter suggested that only one type of recovery is lawfully available, as an employee is entitled to ei-ther ‘‘any wages, salary, employing benefits, or other compensation denied or lost to such employee by reason of the violation’’ or when ‘‘wages, salary, employing benefits, or other compensation have not been denied or lost to the employee, any actual monetary losses sustained by the employee as a direct result of the violation.’’ In other words, an employee is not entitled to both compensa-tion and other actual monetary losses sus-tained. Additionally, the commenter sug-gested removing the cross-reference to sec-tion 825.400(c) because it does not outline what remedies are available for violations of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA; rather, proposed regulation section 825.400(c) merely states where aggrieved covered em-ployees can find the OOC’s complaint proce-dures. Another commenter proposed remov-ing subsection (b) because it is inconsistent with 2 U.S.C. §1361(d)(1) regarding exclusive procedures under the CAA, attempts to ‘‘make applicable additional causes of ac-tion’’ by use of the term ‘‘manipulation,’’ and expands ‘‘the scope of rights . . . under the FMLA and the CAA.’’ The Board finds that no good cause has been shown to modify or delete the DOL reg-ulation because the CAA applies section 2617(a)(1)(A)(i) of the FMLA, and the Board’s regulation is the same as the DOL regulation applying that section. While we recognize that the commenters’ arguments may have merit, it would not be appropriate for the Board to make that determination as a part of its rulemaking authority under the CAA. The Board finds that it is appropriate to re-serve section 825.220(b)(1) regarding numerosity. With respect to a commenter’s suggestion that the Board remove the cross-reference to section 825.400(c) in its proposed regulations because it does not outline what remedies are available for violations of the FMLA but merely states where an aggrieved covered employee can find the OOC’s complaint pro-cedures, the Board did revisit this section and add the DOL’s remedies section 825.400(c) to its regulations, and moved the reference to its complaint procedures to subsection (d). 825.220(d) Except for the paragraph related to settle-ments, as noted below, the Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.220 provides protec-tion for employees who request leave or oth-erwise assert FMLA rights and includes new language discussing remedies when an em-ploying office interferes with an employee’s rights under the FMLA. This section further clarifies that the prohibition against inter-ference includes prohibitions against retalia-tion as well as discrimination. The Board finds that there is good cause to modify DOL’s language in paragraph (d) of this sec-tion. Sections 1414 and 1415 of the CAA govern awards and settlements made as a result of parties proceeding through an OOC process. While the Board recognizes that parties will now have the right to settle or release FMLA claims without the approval of the OOC or a court, parties seeking to release claims which were raised in an OOC process pursu-ant to CAA sections 1414 and 1415 must still comply with those provisions. Therefore, the Board proposed to insert the following lan-guage: ‘‘Except for settlement agreements covered by sections 1414 and/or 1415 of the Congressional Accountability Act, this does not prevent the settlement or release of FMLA claims by employees based on past employing office conduct without the ap-proval of the Office of Compliance or a court.’’ One commenter noted that an employee’s acceptance of a light duty assignment or right to restoration beyond the 12 month FMLA year may be terms of an approved set-tlement agreement, and ‘‘should not be re-stricted in considering prospective rights in a settlement of an FMLA claim.’’ The Board finds no good cause to modify the regulation. One commenter agreed that the regulation should be amended to clarify that employing offices are permitted to settle FMLA claims without OOC or court approval unless the settlement agreement is covered by section 1414 or 1415 of the CAA. The commenter fur-ther suggested that the phrase ‘‘based on past employing office conduct’’ found in the third sentence of the section hints of pre-sumptive inappropriate conduct by employ-ing offices and that the phrase is unneces-sary to achieve the goal of this sentence. The commenter suggested deleting it. The Board has determined that there is no good cause shown to modify the DOL regulation. 825.220(e) Two commenters suggested that only ‘‘cov-ered employees’’ and ‘‘employees,’’ as de-fined in sections 101(3) and (4) of the CAA, and not ‘‘individuals,’’ are protected by the CAA; therefore (e) should be deleted. The Board has determined that good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation and delete the term ‘‘individuals’’ from sec-tion 825.220(e). The 1996 Board regulations do not reference the term ‘‘individuals.’’ The term ‘‘Individuals’’ was added to the pro-posed regulations to be consistent with the DOL regulations. However, the Board wants to clarify that only ‘‘covered employees,’’ as defined by the CAA, are entitled to FMLA protection under the CAA. SUBPART C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA. Section 825.300 Employing office notice re-quirements. The Board follows the DOL regulations in-sofar as they consolidate the employing of-fice notice requirements from sections 825.300, 825.301, 825.110 and 825.208 into one comprehensive section addressing an em-ploying office’s notice obligations. However, the Board finds good cause not to adopt the DOL regulations in section 825.300(a) General notice, but instead to keep the requirements found in the current OOC regulations under section 825.301(a). The DOL regulations, at section 825.300(a), address the requirement that employing offices post a notice on em-ployee rights and responsibilities under the law and the civil monetary penalty provision in the law for employing offices who will-fully violate the posting requirement. In 1995, while developing the current FMLA reg-ulations, the OOC Board determined that ‘‘while the CAA incorporates certain specific sections of the FMLA, the CAA explicitly did not incorporate the notice posting and rec-ordkeeping requirements of sections 106(b) and 109 of the FMLA. The CAA has not incor-porated the notice posting and recordkeeping requirements of the FMLA, and the Board will not do so.’’ As a result, we find no au-thority that would require employing offices covered under the CAA to provide notice postings of employees’ FMLA rights in the workplace. See November 28, 1995 OOC Notice of Proposed Rulemaking S17628. As to the re-mainder of the paragraphs in this section, the Board finds no good cause to depart from the amendments adopted by the DOL. The Board adopts section 825.300 regarding the eligibility notice (825.300(b)); the rights and responsibility notice (825.300(c)); the des-ignation notice (825.300(d)); and the con-sequences of failing to provide notice (825.300(e)). (b) Eligibility notice. The Board adopts the DOL amendments with respect to this section. The Board also adopts the DOL regulations consolidating ex-isting eligibility notice requirements in cur-rent sections 825.110 and 825.301 into one sec-tion, section 825.300(b) of the OOC regula-tions, to strengthen and clarify them. For example, section 825.300(b)(1) of the DOL reg-ulations requires an employer to advise an employee of his or her eligibility status when the employee requests leave under the FMLA. The regulations extend the time frame for an employer to respond to an em-ployee’s request for FMLA leave from two business days to five business days. Further, the DOL regulations in section 825.300(b)(2) specify what information an employer must convey to an employee as to eligibility sta-tus. Analogous to the DOL’s regulations, the Board adopts in its regulations that an em-ploying office must provide reasons to an employee if he or she is not eligible for FMLA leave, as do the DOL regulations. The regulations limit that notification to any one of the potential reasons why an em-ployee fails to meet the eligibility require-ments. One commenter supported the OOC’s reor-ganization and consolidation of its notice provisions to better align with DOL’s regula-tions. In particular, the commenter wel-comed the extension of time from 2 to 5 busi-ness days to provide an employee the re-quired eligibility notice in response to the employee’s request for FMLA leave. Further, the OOC regulations require em-ploying offices to include in the eligibility notice an explanation of conditions applica-ble to the use of paid leave that runs concur-rently with unpaid FMLA leave. While this requirement is in the Board’s 1996 regula-tions, it is expanded to require that employ-ing offices also notify employees of their continuing entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if they do not comply with an employing office’s required conditions for use of paid leave. (c) Rights and responsibilities notice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4483 June 22, 2016 
The Board is following the DOL regula-tions separating the notice of rights and re-sponsibilities from the notice of eligibility. Accordingly, if the employee is eligible for FMLA leave, section 825.300(c) of the OOC regulations require the employing office to provide the employee with specific notice of his or her rights and obligations under the law and the consequences of failing to meet those obligations. To simplify the timing of the notice of rights and responsibilities and to avoid un-necessary administrative burden on employ-ing offices, section 825.300(c)(1) of the Board’s regulations require employing offices to pro-vide this notice to employees at the same time they provide the eligibility notice. Ad-ditionally, if the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, section 825.300(c) requires the employing office to no-tify the employee of any changes within five business days of the first notice of the need for FMLA leave subsequent to any change. This timing requirement will ensure that employees receive timely notice of the ex-pectations and obligations associated with their FMLA leave each leave year and also receive prompt notice of any change in those rights or responsibilities when leave is need-ed during the leave year. In this section, employing offices are re-quired to notify employees of the method used for establishing the 12-month period for FMLA entitlement, or, in the case of mili-tary caregiver leave, the start date of the ‘‘single 12-month period.’’ Employing offices are not, however, re-quired to provide the certification form with the notice of rights and responsibilities. No-tice of any changes in the rights and respon-sibilities notice must be provided within five business days of the first notice of an em-ployee’s need for leave subsequent to any change. Electronic distribution of the notice of rights and responsibilities is allowed, so long as the employing office can dem-onstrate that the employee (who may al-ready be on leave and who may not have ac-cess to employing office-provided computers) has access to the information electronically. 825.300(b)(2) Two commenters suggested deleting the sentence ‘‘The employing office is obligated to translate this notice in any situation in which it is obligated to do so in 825.300(a)(4)’’ because section 825.300(a)(4) does not exist in the regulations. The Board has made the suggested change because the referenced sec-tion does not exist in its regulations. One commenter suggested that the OOC provide a Spanish language translation of its prototype forms and notices, as Spanish is the most widely spoken second language in the United States. The commenter suggested that because many Congressional employing offices do not have in-house capability to translate notices, uniform prototype notices in Spanish will encourage consistency and assist in compliance with the FMLA. The Board welcomes the suggestion, and will pro-vide a Spanish language translation of its forms. 825.300(c)(ii) One commenter suggested adding ‘‘cov-ered’’ between ‘‘qualifying exigency arising out of’’ and ‘‘active duty.’’ The Board has made the suggested change. 825.300(c)(6) One commenter requested that the Board provide more guidance concerning what methods are sufficient to assume and/or dem-onstrate receipt of notices electronically sent to employees. The commenter suggested that court decisions illustrate uncertainty in this area. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulations. (d) Designation notice. The Board adopts the DOL amendments with respect to this requirement. Section 825.300(d) outlines the requirements of the designation notice an employing office must provide to an employee. Once the employing office has enough information to determine whether the leave qualifies as FMLA leave, the employing office must notify the em-ployee within five business days of making the determination whether the leave has or has not been designated as FMLA leave. This is an increase from the two-day time frame in the current OOC regulations. Further, only one designation notice is required for each FMLA-qualifying reason per leave year, regardless of whether the leave is taken as a continuous block of leave or on an intermit-tent or reduced leave schedule basis. Further, the employing office must inform the employee of the number of hours that would be designated as FMLA leave, only upon employee request and no more often than every 30 days if FMLA leave was taken during that period. To the extent it is not possible to provide such information (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), the employing office is required to provide such information to the employee every 30 days if the employee took leave dur-ing the 30-day period. The employing office is permitted to notify the employee of the hours counted against the FMLA leave enti-tlement orally and follow up with written notification on a pay stub at the next payday (unless the next payday is in less than one week, in which case the notice must be no later than the subsequent payday). If the em-ploying office requires that paid leave be substituted for unpaid leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employing office must inform the employee of this designa-tion at the time the leave is designated as FMLA leave. Although the designation notice has to be in writing, it may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub. If the leave is not designated as FMLA leave, the notice to the employee may be in the form of a simple written statement. Employing of-fices can provide an employee with both the eligibility and designation notice at the same time in cases where the employing of-fice has adequate information to designate leave as FMLA leave when an employee re-quests the leave. Employing offices must provide written notice of any requirement for a fitness-for- duty certification, including whether the fit-ness-for-duty certification must address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position and, if so, to provide a list of the essential functions of the employee’s position with the designa-tion notice. If the employee handbook or other written documents clearly provides that a fitness-for-duty certificate will be re-quired, written notice is not required, but oral notice must be provided. Finally, the employing office is required to notify the employee if the information pro-vided in the designation notice changes. For example, if an employee exhausts his or her FMLA leave entitlement and the leave will no longer be designated as FMLA leave, the employing office must provide the employee with written notice of this change consistent with this section. 825.300(d)(4) One commenter would like clarification that electronic receipt of the ‘‘designation notices’’ is permitted in addition to the no-tice of rights and responsibilities. The Board finds good cause to clarify that the designa-tion notice may be distributed electroni-cally, so long as it otherwise meets the re-quirements of section 825.300(d)(4) and the employing office can demonstrate that the employee (who may already be on leave and who may not have access to employing of-fice-provided computers) has access to the information electronically. 825.300(e) The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section en-titled ‘‘Consequences of failing to provide notice.’’ Section 825.300(e) clarifies that fail-ure to comply with the notice requirements set forth in this section could constitute in-terference with, restraint of, or denial of the use of FMLA leave. The Board proposed that the following language be included in the OOC regulations: Consequences of failing to provide notice. Failure to follow the notice requirements set forth in this section may constitute an inter-ference with, restraint, or denial of the exer-cise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An em-ploying office may be liable for compensa-tion and benefits lost by reason of the viola-tion, for other actual monetary losses sus-tained as a direct result of the violation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, in-cluding employment, reinstatement, pro-motion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See section 825.400(c). One commenter asserted that the proposed regulation section 825.300(e) derives from sec-tion 109 of the FMLA, and suggested deleting the entire section because the Board had pro-posed to establish a remedy for a right that does not exist under the FMLA, as applied by the CAA. The CAA incorporates the ‘‘rights and protections established by section 101 through 105’’ of the FMLA and incorporates remedies ‘‘as would be appropriate if award-ed under’’ section 107(a)(1) of the FMLA. See 2 U.S.C. §§1312(a)(1), (b). The Board agrees that Section 109 of the FMLA is not incor-porated in the CAA, and that no legal au-thority exists for a regulation that incor-porates requirements and penalties based on section 109 of the FMLA. However, the Board does not agree with the commenter’s asser-tion that the remedies for section 825.300(e) derive from Section 109 of the FMLA, and finds that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.301 addresses an employing of-fice’s obligations regarding timely designa-tion of leave as FMLA-qualifying and reiter-ates the requirement to notify the employee of the designation within five business days. Among other things, this section requires that the employing office’s designation deci-sion be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s rep-resentative and also provides that, if the em-ploying office does not have sufficient infor-mation about the employee’s reason for leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or of the employee’s spokesperson. One commenter suggested that the second sentence of subsection (e) regarding cat-egories of potential remedies directs the reader to ‘‘See 825.400(c),’’ as does the DOL regulation. However, that section in the Board’s proposed regulations simply ref-erences the regulations of the Office of Com-pliance, and suggests the reference be de-leted. The Board agrees with the comment, and has modified the language of section 825.400 to include the potential remedies. Another commenter suggested deleting the second sentence in section 825.301(e) for the same reasons as stated under section 825.220, above, that under the CAA, an employee is not entitled to both compensation and other actual monetary losses sustained. As dis-cussed previously, the Board does not agree with the assertion that there is no legal au-thority for the remedies provided in section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4484 June 22, 2016 
825.301(e), and has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.302 Employee notice require-ments for foreseeable FMLA leave. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. In general, section 825.302 addresses an employ-ee’s obligation to provide notice of the need for foreseeable FMLA leave. This includes requiring an employee to give at least 30 days’ notice when the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance or ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ if leave is foresee-able but 30 days’ notice is not practicable. In such cases, employees must respond to re-quests from employing offices to explain why it was not possible to give 30 days’ notice. Further, the language in this section defines ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ to be ‘‘as soon as both possible and practical, taking into ac-count all of the facts and circumstances in the individual case.’’ This is a change from defining ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ as ‘‘ordi-narily within one or two business days.’’ Further, when an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA but must provide: sufficient information that in-dicates that a condition renders the em-ployee unable to perform the functions of the job, or if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family mem-ber unable to perform daily activities; the anticipated duration of the absence; and whether the employee or the employee’s family member intends to visit a health care provider or has a condition for which the em-ployee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider. The regulations set forth the types of information that an employee may have to provide in order to put an employing of-fice on notice of the employee’s need for FMLA-protected leave. Rather than estab-lish a list of information that must be pro-vided in all cases, the regulations provide ad-ditional guidance to employees so that they would know what information to provide to their employing offices. The nature of the in-formation necessary to put the employing of-fice on notice of the need for FMLA leave will vary depending on the circumstances. Employees seeking leave for previously certified FMLA leave must inform the em-ploying office that the leave is for a condi-tion, covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency that was previously certified or for which the em-ployee has previously taken FMLA leave. While an employee must still comply with the employing office’s usual notice and pro-cedural requirements for calling in absences and requesting leave, under the new regula-tions, language stating that an employing office cannot delay or deny FMLA leave if an employee fails to follow such procedures has been deleted. However, employing offices may need to inquire further to determine for which reason the leave is being taken, and employees will be required to respond to such inquiries. Additionally, the regulations make clear that the requirement that an employee and employing office attempt to work out a schedule without unduly disrupting the em-ploying office’s operations applies only to military caregiver leave. It does not apply to qualifying exigency leave. 825.302 (g) Regarding a waiver of notice requirements, one commenter suggested replacing the ref-erence ‘‘See 825.304’’ with the more specific reference ‘‘See 825.304(e).’’ The Board under-stands that such a reference would be more direct, but as such would have limited con-text. Therefore, the Board finds that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.303 Employee notice require-ments for unforeseeable FMLA leave. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.303 addresses an employee’s obli-gation to provide notice when the need for FMLA leave is unforeseeable. Section 825.303 retains the current standard that employees must provide notice of their need for unfore-seeable leave ‘‘as soon as practicable under the facts and circumstances of the particular case,’’ but instead of expecting employees to give notice ‘‘within no more than one or two working days of learning of the need for leave,’’ in ‘‘unusual circumstances,’’ notice should be provided within the time pre-scribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applicable to such leave. Section 825.303 also retains the current standard that employees need not assert their rights under the FMLA or even mention the FMLA to put employing offices on notice of the need for unforeseeable FMLA leave, but adds the same language used in proposed section 825.302 clarifying what information must be provided in order to give sufficient notice to the employing of-fice of the need for FMLA leave. New regula-tions in section 825.303 add that the em-ployee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to de-termine whether leave is FMLA-qualifying, explaining that calling in ‘‘sick,’’ without providing additional information, would not be sufficient notice. Section 825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.304 follows the DOL’s reorganiza-tion of the rules that are applicable to leave foreseeable at least 30 days in advance, leave foreseeable less than 30 days in advance, and unforeseeable leave. This section retains lan-guage that FMLA leave cannot be delayed due to lack of required employee notice if the employing office has not complied with its notice requirements. One commenter suggested deleting or amending the sentence ‘‘This condition would be satisfied by the employing office’s proper posting, at the worksite where the employee is employed, of the information re-garding the FMLA provided (pursuant to sec-tion 301(h)(2) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §1381(h)(2)) by the Office of Compliance to the employing office in a manner suitable for posting’’ be-cause posting is merely one way in which an employing office could provide employees with actual notice of the FMLA’s notice re-quirements. Another commenter stated that since the FMLA’s posting requirements do not apply to congressional employing offices, the Board has good cause to clarify that an employing office can also meet its notice re-quirements by distributing a written FMLA policy to employees, or including an FMLA policy in an employee handbook. The regula-tion merely suggests a method to provide no-tice, but does not provide that it is the only method. Therefore, the Board has deter-mined that good cause has not been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.305 Certification, general rule. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Under the FMLA, as applied under the CAA, employing offices are permitted to require that employees provide a certification from their health care provider (or their family member’s health care provider, as appro-priate) to support the need for leave due to a serious health condition. Section 825.305 sets forth the general rules governing em-ploying office requests for medical certifi-cation to substantiate an employee’s need for FMLA leave due to a serious health con-dition. Military family leave provisions have been added to permit employing offices to re-quire employees to provide a certification in the case of leave taken for a qualifying exi-gency or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Section 825.305 applies generally to all types of cer-tification. In most cases, for example, former references to ‘‘medical certification’’ have been changed to ‘‘certification.’’ In section 825.305, the employing office should request that an employee furnish cer-tification from a health care provider at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days there-after, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. This time frame has been in-creased from two to five business days after notice of the need for FMLA leave is pro-vided. Further, the employing office may re-quest certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its dura-tion. This section also adds a 15-day time pe-riod for providing a requested certification to all cases. Definitions of incomplete and insufficient certifications have been added in this sec-tion, as well as a procedure for curing an in-complete or insufficient certification. This procedure requires that an employing office notify the employee in writing as to what additional information is necessary for the medical certification and provides seven cal-endar days in which the employee must pro-vide the additional information. If an em-ployee fails to submit a complete and suffi-cient certification, despite the opportunity to cure the deficiency, the employing office may deny the request for FMLA leave. Section 825.305 also deletes an earlier pro-vision that if a less stringent medical certifi-cation standard applies under the employing office’s sick leave plan, only that lesser standard may be required when the employee substitutes any form of paid leave for FMLA leave and replaces it with a provision allow-ing employing offices to require a new cer-tification on an annual basis for conditions lasting beyond a single leave year. 825.305(b) One commenter suggested that the oppor-tunity to ‘‘cure’’ any deficiency be deleted because it makes no sense to have the em-ployee serve as a ‘‘go-between’’—referencing its comments to section 825.307(a), below [suggesting the employing office be able to speak directly to the healthcare provider]. The Board has determined that good cause has not been shown to modify DOL regula-tions. Section 825.306 Content of medical certifi-cation for leave taken because of an em-ployee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.306 addresses the information an employing office can require in the medical certification to substantiate the existence of a serious health condition (of the employee or a family member) and the employee’s need for leave due to the condition, and adds: the health care provider’s specialization; guidance as to what may constitute appro-priate medical facts, including that a health care provider may provide a diagnosis; and whether intermittent or reduced schedule leave is medically necessary. Section 825.306 clarifies that where a serious health condi-tion may also be a disability, employing of-fices are not prevented from following the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4485 June 22, 2016 
procedures under the Americans with Dis-abilities Act (ADA), as applied under the CAA, for requesting medical information. Section 825.306 also contains new language that employing offices may not require em-ployees to sign a release of their medical in-formation as a condition of taking FMLA leave. 825.306(a)(4) One commenter suggested deleting ‘‘and (c)’’ because section 825.123(c) does not exist in the proposed regulations. The Board has made the suggested change. This section does not apply to the military family leave provisions. The Board’s pro-posed regulations have revised the current optional certification form into two separate optional forms, one for the employee’s own serious health condition and one for the seri-ous health condition of a covered family member. Section 825.307 Authentication and clarifica-tion of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own seri-ous health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL’s amendments covered under this section. Sec-tion 825.307 addresses the employing office’s ability to clarify or authenticate a complete and sufficient FMLA certification. Section 825.307 defines the terms ‘‘authentication’’ and ‘‘clarification.’’ ‘‘Authentication’’ in-volves providing the health care provider with a copy of the certification and request-ing verification that the information on the form was completed and/or authorized by the provider. The regulations add that no addi-tional medical information may be requested and the employee’s permission is not re-quired. In contrast, ‘‘clarification’’ involves contacting the employee’s health care pro-vider in order to understand the handwriting on the medical certification or to understand the meaning of a response. As is the case with authentication, no additional informa-tion beyond that included in the certifi-cation form may be requested. Any contact with the employee’s health care provider must comply with the requirements of the HIPAA Privacy Rule. It is no longer necessary that the employ-ing office utilize a health care provider to make the contact with the employee’s health care provider, but the regulations do clarify who may contact the employee’s health care provider and ensure that the employee’s di-rect supervisor is not the point of contact. Employee consent to the contact is no longer required. However, before the employing of-fice contacts the employee’s health care pro-vider for clarification or authentication of the FMLA certification, the employee must first be given an opportunity to cure any de-ficiencies in the certification. Section 825.307 also provides requirements for an employing office’s request for a second opinion, and adds language requiring the employee or the employee’s family member to authorize his or her health care provider to release rel-evant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if such in-formation is requested by the second opinion health care provider. Section 825.307 also in-creases the number of days the employing of-fice has to provide an employee with a re-quested copy of a second or third opinion from two to five business days. This section of the regulations does not apply to the mili-tary family leave provisions. One commenter supported allowing an in-dividual from the employing office other than a health care professional to contact the health care provider for purposes of clar-ification and authentication of the medical certification. One commenter suggested that the ‘‘clari-fication and authentication’’ creates more confusion than guidance. The commenter suggested that requiring the employer to first speak with the employee regarding clar-ification before it may directly contact the healthcare provider creates an opportunity for miscommunication about the informa-tion actually needed by the employer, an issue that can be best handled by direct com-munication. The commenter also believes that the regulation would allow an employee who may have furnished a fraudulent certifi-cation to ‘‘cure’’ the defect, and suggests that section 825.307(c) be deleted. Further, rather than deny an FMLA request for fail-ure to ‘clarify the certification’ as in sub-section (a), the commenter suggests that the regulation permit the employee to provide advanced authorization to the employing of-fice to contact the healthcare provider for clarification or authentication. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify DOL regulations. Another commenter suggested that the fourth sentence of section 825.307(a) address-es the issue of who within an employing of-fice may contact the eligible employee’s health care provider to clarify and/or au-thenticate the medical certification sub-mitted by the employee. Specifically, the sentence, which is the same as that in the DOL’s regulation, states that ‘‘Under no cir-cumstances, however, may the employee’s direct supervisor contact the employee’s health care provider.’’ The commenter sug-gested that this provision would be unwork-able with respect to many employing offices of the House, particularly Member offices, due to the statutory limit on the size of those offices. Specifically, under 2 U.S.C. §5321(a), Member offices are permitted to employ no more than 22 employees (this cov-ers the total number of employees for both the Washington, D.C. and district offices). Accordingly, the vast majority of House em-ploying offices do not have separate human resources divisions to assure compliance with the FMLA. In actuality, it is often the employee’s direct supervisor (e.g. the Dis- trict Director or the Chief of Staff) who han-dles FMLA requests. If the direct supervisor is prohibited from contacting the employee’s health care provider, the employing office would have to find someone else—perhaps a peer/co-worker of the employee seeking FMLA—to contact the health care provider. This would unnecessarily expand the scope of individuals with knowledge of the employ-ee’s FMLA request, and would be incon-sistent with the spirit of the regulations re-quiring that access to such FMLA-related in-formation be limited to as few persons as possible to preserve privacy and confiden-tiality. The commenter also mentioned that it is notable that the DOL regulation applies to employers who have at least 50 employees (29 C.F.R. §825.104(a)), or are public agencies that are more likely to have other managers or a human resources office to contact health care providers. The commenter be-lieves that, with respect to the House, there is good cause to deviate from the DOL regu-lations and to delete the fourth sentence from subsection (a). Based on these comments and the unique nature of employing offices under the CAA, the Board modifies its regulation by deleting the fourth sentence and adding in its place ‘‘An employee’s direct supervisor may not contact the employee’s healthcare provider, unless the direct supervisor is also the only individual in the employing office designated to process FMLA requests and the direct su-pervisor receives specific authorization from the employee to contact the employee’s health care provider.’’ This change will allow smaller employing offices, who only have one person designated to process FMLA leave requests to clarify and authenticate an employee’s FMLA certification without vio-lating the OOC’s FMLA regulations. This narrowly tailored language will maintain the intent of the regulation—to prevent an em-ployee’s direct supervisor from contacting the employee’s healthcare provider to clarify and authenticate a certification—without preventing small employing offices from clarifying and authenticating FMLA leave certifications. A commenter also suggested that the ref-erence to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) in section (a) be deleted. HIPAA, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to take en-forcement action against health plans, health care clearinghouses, and specific health care providers for violations of pri-vacy standards. 42 U.S.C. §1320d, et seq.; 45 C.F.R. §§160.102, 160.312. HIPAA does not cre-ate any obligations for Congressional em-ploying offices. Thus, although a health care provider may require that a patient complete an appropriate HIPAA-authorization before that health care provider will speak to a rep-resentative of that patient’s employing of-fice, there is no basis for any implication that HIPAA applies to Congressional employ-ers. The commenter suggested that the regu-latory language in subsection (a) referencing HIPAA be deleted. The reference to HIPAA in this section should not be read to apply HIPAA to employing offices. However, it should be clear that the level of privacy af-forded individually-identifiable health infor-mation created or held by HIPAA-covered entities is satisfied when this information is shared with an employing office by a HIPAA- covered health care provider. The Board finds that good cause has not been shown to modify the DOL regulation. One commenter would like clarification on whether an employing office may rely on the findings of a second or third opinion exam-ination to deny FMLA leave for a future ab-sence requested by the employee for the same condition. Current regulations are si-lent with respect to the use of second and third opinion examinations. The Board finds that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.308 Recertifications for leave taken because of an employee’s own seri-ous health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL amendments covered in this section. Section 825.308 of the regulations addresses the em-ploying office’s ability to seek recertifi-cation of an employee’s medical condition. This section has been reorganized to clarify how often employing offices may seek recer-tification in situations where the minimum duration of the condition, as opposed to the duration of the period of incapacity, exceeds 30 days. Thus, an employing office may re-quest recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless the medical certification indicates that the minimum du-ration of the condition is more than 30 days, then an employing office must wait until that minimum duration expires before re-questing a recertification. In all cases, an employing office may request a recertifi-cation of a medical condition every six months in connection with an absence by the employee. An employing office may request recertification in less than 30 days if, among other things, the employee requests an ex-tension of leave or circumstances described by the previous certification change signifi-cantly. This section clarifies that an employ-ing office may request the same information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4486 June 22, 2016 
on recertification as required for the initial certification and the employee has the same obligation to cooperate in providing recer-tification as he or she does in providing the initial certification. One commenter suggested that the Board clarify that an employing office may provide ‘‘a record of the employee’s absence pattern’’ directly to the healthcare provider. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.309 Certification for leave taken because of a qualifying exigency. The Board proposed to adopt the DOL’s regulations under this section. Under the military family leave provisions of the DOL regulations, an employing office may require that leave taken because of a qualifying exi-gency be supported by a certification and re-quire that the employee provide a copy of the covered military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military, which indicates that the covered military member is on active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to active duty) in support of a contingency op-eration, as well as the dates of the covered military member’s active duty service. While a form requesting this basic information may be used by the employing office, no in-formation may be required beyond that spec-ified in this section and in all instances the information on the form must relate only to the qualifying exigency for which the cur-rent need for leave exists. Section 825.309 also establishes the verification process for certifications. This section also provides that the infor-mation required in a certification need only be provided to the employing office the first time an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency arising out of a par-ticular active duty or call to active duty of a covered military member. While additional information may be needed to provide cer-tification for subsequent requests for exi-gency leave, an employee is only required to give a copy of the active duty orders to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military only needs to be provided to the employing office if the need for leave be-cause of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different active duty or call to active duty order of the same or a different covered mili-tary member. See DOL (Form WH–384) and OOC regulations proposed Form E. One commenter suggested adding ‘‘or Form WH–384 (developed by the Department of Labor)’’ between ‘‘Form E’’ and ‘‘another form containing the same basic informa-tion’’ for consistency with other provisions cross-referencing DOL forms. See, e.g., §825.306(b) and §825.310(d). The Board has made the suggested change. An employing office may contact an appro-priate unit of the Department of Defense (DOD) to request verification that a covered military member has been called to active duty status (or notified of an impending call to active duty status) in support of a contin-gency operation. Again, no additional infor-mation may be requested by the employing office and the employee’s permission is not required. This verification process will pro-tect employees from unnecessary intrusion while still providing a useful tool for em-ploying offices to verify the certification in-formation given to them. Consistent with the amendments to sec-tion 825.126(b)(6), with respect to Rest and Recuperation qualifying exigency leave, the employing office is permitted to request a copy of the military member’s Rest and Re-cuperation orders, or other documentation issued by the military indicating that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuperation leave, as well as the dates of the leave, in order to determine the employ-ee’s specific qualifying exigency leave period available for Rest and Recuperation. Em-ploying offices may also contact the appro-priate unit of the DOD to verify that the military member is on active duty or call to active duty status. The employee’s permis-sion is not required to conduct such verifications. The employing office may not, however, request any additional information. Section 825.310 Certification for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. While the military family leave provisions of the NDAA amended the FMLA’s certification requirements to permit an employer to request certification for leave taken to care for a covered service-member, the FMLA’s existing certification requirements focus on providing information related to a serious health condition—a term that is not necessarily relevant to leave taken to care for a covered servicemember. At the same time, the military family leave provisions of the NDAA do not explicitly re-quire that a sufficient certification for pur-poses of military caregiver leave provide rel-evant information regarding the covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. Section 825.310 of the DOL’s regulations pro-vide that when leave is taken to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an employer may require an em-ployee to support his or her request for leave with a sufficient certification. An employer may require that certain necessary informa-tion to support the request for leave be sup-ported by a certification from one of the fol-lowing authorized health care providers: (1) a DOD health care provider; (2) a VA health care provider; (3) a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; or (4) a DOD non-network TRICARE authorized private health care provider. Sections 825.310(b)–(c) of the DOL regulations set forth the information an employing office may re-quest from an employee (or the authorized health care provider) in order to support the employee’s request for leave. The DOL devel-oped a new optional form, Form WH–385, which the Board adopted for proposed OOC Form F. The Board agrees that OOC Form F may be used to obtain appropriate informa-tion to support an employee’s request for leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. However, an employing office may use any form con-taining the following basic information: (1) whether the servicemember has incurred a serious injury or illness; (2) whether the in-jury or illness may render the servicemem-ber medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank, or rating; (3) whether the injury or illness was incurred by the member in line of duty on active duty; and (4) whether the servicemember is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise on outpatient sta-tus, or is otherwise on the temporary dis-ability retired list. Additionally, as is the case for any required certification for leave taken to care for a family member with a se-rious health condition, no information may be required beyond that specified above. In all instances, the information on any re-quired certification must relate only to the serious injury or illness for which the cur-rent need for leave exists. Additionally, section 825.310 of the pro-posed OOC regulations provides that an em-ploying office requiring an employee to sub-mit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must accept as suffi-cient certification ‘‘invitational travel or-ders’’ (ITOs) or ‘‘invitational travel author-izations’’ (ITAs) issued by the DOD for a family member to join an injured or ill serv-icemember at his or her bedside. If an em-ployee will need leave to care for a covered servicemember beyond the expiration date specified in an ITO or an ITA, the regula-tions provide that an employing office may request further certification from the em-ployee. Lastly this section provides that in all instances in which certification is re-quested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with com-plete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. The regulations also permit an eligible em-ployee who is a spouse, parent, son, daughter or next of kin of a covered servicemember to submit an ITO or ITA issued to another fam-ily member as sufficient certification for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA, even if the employee seeking leave is not the named recipient on the ITO or ITA. The reg-ulations further permit an employing office to authenticate and clarify medical certifi-cations submitted to support a request for leave to care for a covered servicemember using the procedures applicable to FMLA leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition. However, unlike the recertification, second and third opinion processes used for other types of FMLA leave, recertification, second and third opinions are not warranted for pur-poses of military caregiver leave when the certification has been completed by a DOD health care provider, a VA health care pro-vider, a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider, or a DOD non- network TRICARE authorized private health care provider, but are permitted when the certification has been completed by a health care provider who is not affiliated with the DOD, VA, or TRICARE. An employee seeking to take military caregiver leave must provide the requested certification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the par-ticular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. One commenter suggested that the ref-erence to section 825.122(j) in the final sen-tence of subsection (d) be changed to section 825.122(k). The Board has made the suggested correction to the provision. One commenter suggested replacing ‘‘How-ever, second and third opinions under 825.307 are not permitted for leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember’’ with ‘‘Second and third opinions under 825.307 are not permitted for leave to care for a covered servicemember when the certification has been completed by one of the types of healthcare providers identified in 825.310(a)(1–4). However, second and third opinions under 825.307 are per-mitted when the certification has been com-pleted by a health care provider as defined in 825.125 that is not one of the types identified in 825.310(a)(1)–(4).’’ The Board has made the requested correction to the provision. Section 825.311 Intent to Return to Work. One commenter noted that section 825.311(b) states that, ‘‘subject to COBRA re-quirements or 5 U.S.C. §8905a, whichever is applicable’’ employing offices do not need to maintain health benefits once an employee gives unequivocal notice of his or her intent not to return to work. The commenter sug-gested that DOL regulations do not contain the reference to 5 U.S.C. §8905a. The com-menter suggested that it is unclear whether the Board considered the application of the Affordable Care Act and/or enrollment in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4487 June 22, 2016 
state exchanges in developing its language. The commenter requests that the Board state its position on this issue. The Board has deleted reference to ‘‘5 U.S.C. §8905a.’’ Section 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL’s regulations under this section. Section 825.312 addresses the fitness-for-duty certification that an em-ployee may be required to submit upon re-turn to work from FMLA leave. This section clarifies that employees have the same obli-gation to provide a complete certification or provide sufficient authorization to the health care provider in order for that person to provide the information directly to the employing office in the fitness-for-duty cer-tification process as they do in the initial certification process. The employing office may require that the fitness-for-duty certifi-cation address the employee’s ability to per-form the essential functions of the employ-ee’s job, as long as the employing office pro-vides the employee with a list of those essen-tial job functions no later than the employ-ing office provides the designation notice. The designation notice must indicate that the certification address the employee’s abil-ity to perform those essential functions. An employing office may contact the employee’s health care provider directly, consistent with the procedure in proposed section 825.307(a), for purposes of authenticating or clarifying the fitness-for-duty certification. The employing office is required to advise the employee in the eligibility notice re-quired by proposed section 825.300(b) if the employing office will require a fitness-for- duty certification to return to work. Em-ployees are not entitled to the reinstatement protections of the Act if they do not provide the required fitness-for-duty certification or request additional FMLA leave. Section 825.312 also requires that the em-ploying office uniformly apply its policies permitting fitness-for-duty certifications to intermittent and reduced schedule leave users when reasonable safety concerns are present, but limits the frequency of such cer-tifications to once in a 30–day period in which intermittent or reduced schedule leave was taken. ‘‘Reasonable safety con-cerns’’ means a reasonable belief of a signifi-cant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. This is meant to be a high standard. Thus, the determination that there are reasonable safety concerns must rely on objective factual evidence, not subjective perceptions. Employing offices cannot, under this section, require such cer-tifications in all intermittent or reduced leave schedule situations, but only where reasonable safety concerns are present. There is no fitness-for-duty certification form, nor is there any specific format such a certification must follow as long as it con-tains the required information. An employ-ing office is allowed to require that the fit-ness-for-duty certification address the em-ployee’s ability to perform the essential functions of his or her position. However, the employing office can choose to accept a sim-ple statement in place of the fitness-for-duty certification (or not require a fitness-for- duty certification at all). There is no second and third opinion proc-ess for a fitness-for-duty certification. A fit-ness-for-duty certification need only address the condition for which FMLA leave was taken and the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the job. The em-ployee’s health care provider determines whether a separate examination is required in order to determine the employee’s fitness to return to duty under the FMLA. A med-ical examination at the employing office’s expense may be required only after the em-ployee has returned from FMLA leave and must be job-related and consistent with busi-ness necessity as required by the ADA. The employing office cannot delay the employ-ee’s return to work while arranging for and having the employee undergo a medical ex-amination. One commenter suggested that this provi-sion limits an employing office’s ability to seek a fitness-for-duty certification at any time it deems necessary, and that it would be negligent to preclude a fitness-for-duty test on an officer carrying a weapon because the FMLA regulations limit the ability to conduct a fitness-for-duty test. The com-menter suggested that proposed section 825.312(i) be added to permit the employing office to conduct fitness for duty certifi-cations at any time it deems a police officer may not be able to perform the essential functions of the position, and that it not be considered retaliation. The Board has deter-mined that good cause has not been shown to modify the DOL regulation. 825.312(e) One commenter noted that when an em-ployee is delayed by the employer from re-turning to work because the employee has not provided a fitness-for-duty certification, it is not clear what the employee’s status is. The commenter suggested that the regula-tion permit the employing office to carry the employee in an AWOL (absent without ap-proved leave) status, or the employee may use approved annual leave until the certifi-cation is provided. The commenter also sug-gested the regulation provide a 15 day time limit for the employee to act on the fitness for duty certification. The Board has deter-mined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. Section 825.313 Failure to provide certifi-cation. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.313 explains the con-sequences for an employee who fails to pro-vide medical certification in a timely man-ner. An employing office may deny FMLA leave until the required certification is pro-vided. This section also addresses the con-sequences of failing to provide timely recer-tification. Section 825.313 also clarifies that recertification does not apply to leave taken for a qualifying exigency or to care for a cov-ered servicemember. Employees must be provided at least 15 calendar days to provide the requested cer-tification, and are entitled to additional time when they are unable to meet that deadline despite their diligent, good-faith ef-forts. An employee’s certification (or recer-tification) is not untimely until that period has passed. Employing offices may deny FMLA protection when an employee fails to provide a timely certification or recertifi-cation, but the FMLA does not require em-ploying offices to do so. Employing offices always have the option of accepting an un-timely certification and not denying FMLA protection to any absences that occurred during the period in which the certification was delayed. One commenter suggested that while con-sistent with the language of the DOL regula-tion that states, ‘‘If the employee never pro-duces the certification, the leave is not FMLA leave,’’ the proposed regulation nec-essarily begs the question: when can an em-ploying office plausibly state that the em-ployee ‘‘never’’ produced a certification? Given this ambiguity, the commenter sug-gested that the Board deviate from the DOL language and provide more direction in this area by amending the last sentence of this section to read, ‘‘If the employee fails to produce the certification after a reasonable amount of time under the circumstances, the leave is not FMLA leave.’’ Although there still may be a question of what constitutes a ‘‘reasonable amount of time under the cir-cumstances,’’ this language, in the com-menter’s view, provides more clarity on the issue. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. One commenter suggested that a ‘‘grace period’’ should be provided, as it proposes in section 312(e) above, to bridge the gap be-tween the expiration of FMLA leave and ter-mination. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. SUBPART D—Administrative Process Section 825.400, Administrative Process, gen-eral rules. One commenter suggested that section 825.400 be deleted in its entirety because the CAA specifically addresses the procedures to be followed, and the proposed regulation is duplicative. Additionally, the commenter proposed that regulation section 825.400(c) is not appropriate and should be deleted be-cause it does not govern ‘‘enforcement of the FMLA rights,’’ and the citation to a website does not assist in determining what proce-dures have been approved by Congress. Another commenter agreed that there is good cause not to adopt the DOL regulation because the enforcement provisions of the FMLA differ from those applicable in CAA actions. However, in section 825.400(c), the commenter suggested that the Board iden-tify the exact name/nature of the procedures referenced, and also clarify that these proce-dures only apply to CAA complaints pending before the OOC, not those brought in federal court. Upon review of the comments regarding section 825.400, the Board has decided to re-tain section 825.400 in the final regulation, change the title of the Subpart D from ‘‘En-forcement Mechanisms’’ to ‘‘Administrative Process’’ and change the subtitle ‘‘Enforce-ment, general rules’’ to ‘‘Administrative Process, general rules.’’ In addition, the DOL language added as section 825.400(c) to the Board’s final regulation describes the rem-edies available to covered employees for a violation of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Sections 825.401–825.404 Filing a complaint with the Federal Government; Violations of the posting requirement; Appealing the assessment of a penalty for willful viola-tion of the posting requirement; Con-sequences for an employer when not pay-ing the penalty assessment after a final order is issued. These sections do not apply to the CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regula-tions. SUBPART E—RECORDKEEPING REQUIRE-MENTS Section 825.500 Recordkeeping requirements. This section does not apply to the CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS Sections 825.600–825.604 Special rules for school employees, definitions; Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave; Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term; Spe-cial rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave; Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4488 June 22, 2016 
these sections. Sections 825.600–825.604 cover the special rules applicable to instructional employees. When an eligible instructional employee needs intermittent leave or leave on a reduced schedule basis to care for a cov-ered servicemember, the employee may choose to either: (1) take leave for a period or periods of particular duration; or (2) transfer temporarily to an available alter-native position with equivalent pay and ben-efits that better accommodates recurring pe-riods of leave. These sections also extend some of the lim-itations on leave near the end of an academic term to leave requested during this period to care for a covered servicemember. If an in-structional employee begins leave for a pur-pose other than the employee’s own serious health condition during the five-week period before the end of the term, the employing of-fice may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than two weeks and the employee would return to work during the two-week period before the end of the term. Further, an employing office may require an instructional employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the em-ployee begins leave that will last more than five working days for a purpose other than the employee’s own serious health condition during the three-week period before the end of the term. The types of leave that are sub-ject to the limitations are: (1) leave because of the birth of a son or daughter, (2) leave be-cause of the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care, (3) leave taken to care for a spouse, parent, or child with a se-rious health condition, and (4) leave taken to care for a covered servicemember. One commenter suggested that this provi-sion demonstrated a need for FMLA regula-tions specific to the House. The commenter suggested that, unlike in the Senate, the House no longer has a school and thus these regulations are inapplicable to the House. The Board finds no good cause to modify the regulation as a whole. SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE-MENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA Section 825.700 Interaction with employing office’s policies. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.700 provides that an employing office may not limit the rights es-tablished by the FMLA through an employ-ment benefit program or plan, but an em-ploying office may provide greater leave rights than the FMLA requires. This section also provides that an employing office may amend existing leave programs, so long as they comply with the FMLA, and that noth-ing in the FMLA is intended to discourage employing offices from adopting or retaining more generous leave policies. The Board pro-posed to follow the DOL regulations and de-lete from the current OOC section 825.700(a) the following: ‘‘If an employee takes paid or unpaid leave and the employing office does not designate the leave as FMLA leave, the leave taken does not count against an em-ployee’s FMLA entitlement.’’ As explained by the DOL, this last sentence of section 825.700(a) was deleted in order to conform to the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Ragsdale v. Wolverine World Wide , 535 U.S. 81 (2002), which specifically invalidated this provision. 825.700(a) One commenter objected to the first sen-tence of this section, suggesting that the proposed regulation state that where an em-ploying office fails to observe a program pro-viding greater benefits than those provided under the FMLA, the employee has a right to bring a claim under the CAA. The com-menter suggested instead, that the avenue for redress of a claim arising in another pro-gram, for example in the collective bar-gaining agreement, would be through the grievance process or another section of the CAA, and not under the FMLA provision of the CAA. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. One commenter notes that subsection (a) limits an employing office’s ability to change its policies, including a policy with greater employment benefits, impermissibly requiring an employing office to continue a benefit program that it may no longer be able to afford. Thus, it improperly limits management’s right to determine its own policies. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulation. One commenter agrees that the Board should follow the DOL regulation to comply with the Supreme Court’s decision in Ragsdale v. Wolverine World Wide , 535 U.S. 81 (2002) (holding that an employer may retro-actively designate leave as FMLA leave under certain circumstances). However, the commenter urges the Board to further clar-ify the following language: ‘‘An employing office must observe any employment benefit program or plan that provides greater family or medical leave rights to employees than the rights established by the FMLA.’’ Spe-cifically, the commenter suggested that the Board clarify what constitutes such an em-ployment benefit program or plan. This pro-posed section discusses a hypothetical exam-ple of a collective bargaining agreement which provides for reinstatement rights based on seniority; however, the commenter recommends that the Board offer additional examples (e.g., to clarify whether leave poli-cies set forth in an employee handbook qual-ify) and clarify that this language does not contemplate the application of state law. The Board has determined that no good cause has been shown to modify the DOL regulations. Section 825.701 Interaction with State laws. This DOL section does not apply to the CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. Section 825.702 Interaction with anti-dis-crimination laws, as applied by section 201 of the CAA. The Board proposed to adopt the amend-ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.702 addresses the interaction between the FMLA and other Federal and State antidiscrimination laws. Section 825.702 discusses the interaction be-tween the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) and the FMLA. Under USERRA, a returning servicemember would be entitled to FMLA leave if, after including the hours that he or she would have worked for the ci-vilian employing office during the period of military service, the employee would have met the FMLA eligibility threshold. This is not an expansion of FMLA rights through regulation; this is a requirement of USERRA. With respect to the interaction of the FMLA and ADA, where both laws may apply, the applicability of each statute needs to be evaluated independently. Further, the reference to employers who receive Federal financial assistance and em-ployers who contract with the Federal gov-ernment in this section has not been adopted by the Board because federal contractor em-ployers are not covered by the CAA. One commenter suggested adding ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ between ‘‘(ADA)’’ and ‘‘the employing office.’’ The same com-menter suggested adding ‘‘as made applica-ble by the CAA’’ after ‘‘afford an employee his or her FMLA rights.’’ The Board has made the suggested changes. One commenter suggested adding ‘‘as made applicable by the CAA’’ after ‘‘he or she will have rights under the ADA.’’ The Board has made the suggested change. COMMENTS ON MODEL FORMS: I. In its final regulations, the DOL re-moved the following optional-use forms and notices from the Appendix of the regula-tions, but continued to make them available to the public on the WHD Web site: Forms WH–380–E (Certification of Health Care Pro-vider for Employee’s Serious Health Condi-tion); WH–380–F (Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition); WH–381 (Notice of Eligi-bility and Rights & Responsibilities); WH–382 (Designation Notice); WH–384 (Certification of Qualifying Exigency for Military Family Leave); WH–385 (Certification for Serious In-jury or Illness of Current Servicemember for Military Family Leave); and WH–385–V (Cer-tification for Serious Injury or Illness of a Veteran for Military Caregiver Leave). The Board proposed to revise its forms and to make the following OOC forms available on its website: Form A: Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition; Form B: Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; Form C: Notice of Eligibility and Rights and Responsibilities; Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of FMLA Leave; Form E: Certification of Quali-fying Exigency for Military Family Leave; Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Covered Servicemember for Mili-tary Family Leave; and Form G: Certifi-cation for Serious Injury or Illness of a Vet-eran for Military Caregiver Leave. The Board’s proposed forms now include ref-erences to the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act of 2008, which is made ap-plicable to employees covered under the CAA. In any event, the use of a specific set of forms is optional and other forms requir-ing the same information may be used in-stead. In proposing these revised forms, the Board recognizes that the use of specific forms play a key role in employing offices’ compliance with the FMLA and employees’ ability to take FMLA protected leave when needed. One commenter recommended that the OOC follow its past practice of creating FMLA-related forms that are CAA-compli-ant rather than directing covered employees and employing offices to the DOL website for the appropriate forms. One commenter suggested that these forms should be available on the OOC’s website and not in the regulations themselves because use of the proposed model forms is not re-quired. The Board will make the forms avail-able on the OOC website and, consistent with the DOL, will not include them in its regula-tions. Some commenters suggested minor changes to the forms, and the Board has made the appropriate modifications. One commenter suggested that the Board adopt and include (on Model Forms A, B, F, and G) the EEOC’s ‘‘safe harbor’’ language for employers to use to warn employees that their healthcare providers should not provide genetic information in their response to an FMLA request. The commenter suggested use of the EEOC’s model warning language as opposed to the DOL language that was in-cluded in the Board’s proposal. The com-menter also suggested that the language should be more prominent and obvious, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4489 June 22, 2016 
which would have the intended effect of re-ducing additional notices to employees and thus burdens on the employing offices. Hav-ing reviewed the EEOC’s model warning lan-guage, as well as model warning language from government agencies and private em-ployers, the Board finds good cause to mod-ify the DOL’s GINA model warning language on Forms A, B, F, and G. Substantive Regulations Adopted by the Board of Directors of the Office of Com-pliance Extending Rights and Protections Under the Family and Medical Act of 1993, as amended, as Made Applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act FINAL REGULATIONS 
Part 825—Family and Medical Leave 
825.1 Purpose and Scope. 
SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRES-SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. 825.102 Definitions. 825.103 [Reserved] 825.104 Covered employing offices. 825.105 [Reserved] 825.106 Joint employer coverage. 825.107–825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employee. 825.111 [Reserved] 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general rule. 825.113 Serious health condition. 825.114 Inpatient care. 825.115 Continuing treatment. 825.116–825.118 [Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance abuse. 825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemem-ber, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adop-tion, foster care, son or daughter on cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 825.123 Unable to perform the functions of the position. 825.124 Needed to care for a family member or covered servicemember. 825.125 Definition of health care provider. 825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exi-gency. 825.127 Leave to care for a covered service-member with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
SUBPART B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT 
825.200 Amount of leave. 825.201 Leave to care for a parent. 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave schedule. 825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or re-duced schedule leave. 825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alter-native position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 825.208 [Reserved] 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. 825.210 Employee payment of group health benefit premiums. 825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi- employer health plans. 825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan premium payments. 825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit costs. 825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. 825.215 Equivalent position. 825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to reinstatement. 825.217 Key employee, general rule. 825.218 Substantial and grievous economic injury. 825.219 Rights of a key employee. 825.220 Protection for employees who request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. SUBPART C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING OF-FICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLI-CABLE BY THE CAA. 
825.300 Employing office notice require-ments. 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 825.302 Employee notice requirements for foreseeable FMLA leave. 825.303 Employee notice requirements for un-foreseeable FMLA leave. 825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. 825.305 Certification, general rule. 825.306 Content of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 825.307 Authentication and clarification of medical certification for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 825.308 Recertifications for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 825.309 Certification for leave taken because of a qualifying exigency. 825.310 Certification for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 825.311 Intent to return to work. 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. 825.313 Failure to provide certification. 
SUBPART D—ENFORCEMENT MECHANISMS 
825.400 Enforcement of FMLA rights, as made applicable by the CAA. 825.401–825.404 [Reserved] 
SUBPART E—[Reserved] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, definitions. 825.601 Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave. 825.602 Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 825.603 Special rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave. 825.604 Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. 
SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EMPLOY-ING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COL-LECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA 
825.700 Interaction with employing office’s policies. 825.701 [Reserved] 825.702 Interaction with anti-discrimination laws as applied by section 201 of the CAA. SUBPART H—[Reserved] 
FORMS Form A: Certification of Health Care Pro-vider for Employee’s Serious Health Condi-tion; Form B: Certification of Health Care Pro-vider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; Form C: Notice of Eligibility and Rights & Responsibilities; Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of FMLA Leave; Form E: Certification of Qualifying Exigency for Military Family Leave; Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Covered Servicemember for Mili-tary Family Leave; Form G: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of a Veteran for Military Caregiver Leave. 825.1 Purpose and scope. (a) Section 202 of the Congressional Ac-countability Act (CAA) (2 U.S.C. 1312) applies the rights and protections of sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA) (29 U.S.C. 2611–2615) to covered employees. (The term ‘‘covered em-ployee’’ is defined in section 101(3) of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1301(3)). See 825.102 of these regulations for that definition.) The purpose of this part is to set forth the regulations to carry out the provisions of section 202 of the CAA. (b) These regulations are issued by the Board of Directors (Board) of the Office of Compliance, pursuant to sections 202(d) and 304 of the CAA, which direct the Board to promulgate regulations implementing sec-tion 202 that are ‘‘the same as substantive regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Labor to implement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA] except insofar as the Board may determine, for good cause shown . . . that a modification of such regulations would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section.’’ The regulations issued by the Board herein are on all matters for which section 202 of the CAA requires regulations to be issued. Specifically, it is the Board’s considered judgment, based on the information avail-able to it at the time of the promulgation of these regulations, that, with the exception of regulations adopted and set forth herein, there are no other ‘‘substantive regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Labor to implement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA].’’ (c) In promulgating these regulations, the Board has made certain technical and no-menclature changes to the regulations as promulgated by the Secretary. Such changes are intended to make the provisions adopted accord more naturally to situations in the legislative branch. However, by making these changes, the Board does not intend a substantive difference between these regula-tions and those of the Secretary from which they are derived. Moreover, such changes, in and of themselves, are not intended to con-stitute an interpretation of the regulation or of the statutory provisions of the CAA upon which they are based. (d) Pursuant to section 304(b)(4) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 1384(b)(4), the Board of Direc-tors is required to recommend to Congress a method of approval for these regulations. As the Board has adopted the same regulations for the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the other covered entities and facilities, it therefore recommends that the adopted regulations be approved by concurrent reso-lution of the Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4490 June 22, 2016 
SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. (a) The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), as made applicable by the Con-gressional Accountability Act (CAA), allows eligible employees of an employing office to take job-protected, unpaid leave, or to sub-stitute appropriate paid leave if the em-ployee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 12 workweeks in any 12 months ( see 825.200(b)) because of the birth of a child and to care for the newborn child, because of the placement of a child with the employee for adoption or foster care, because the em-ployee is needed to care for a family member (child, spouse, or parent) with a serious health condition, because the employee’s own serious health condition makes the em-ployee unable to perform the functions of his or her job, or because of any qualifying exi-gency arising out of the fact that the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty). In addition, eligible employees of a covered employing office may take job- protected, unpaid leave, or substitute appro-priate paid leave if the employee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 26 work-weeks in a single 12–month period to care for a covered servicemember with a serious in-jury or illness. In certain cases, FMLA leave may be taken on an intermittent basis rath-er than all at once, or the employee may work a part-time schedule. (b) An employee on FMLA leave is also en-titled to have health benefits maintained while on leave as if the employee had contin-ued to work instead of taking the leave. If an employee was paying all or part of the pre-mium payments prior to leave, the employee would continue to pay his or her share dur-ing the leave period. The employing office or a disbursing or other financial office may re-cover its share only if the employee does not return to work for a reason other than the serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s covered family member, the serious injury or illness of a covered service-member, or another reason beyond the em-ployee’s control. (c) An employee generally has a right to return to the same position or an equivalent position with equivalent pay, benefits, and working conditions at the conclusion of the leave. The taking of FMLA leave cannot re-sult in the loss of any benefit that accrued prior to the start of the leave. (d) The employing office generally has a right to advance notice from the employee. In addition, the employing office may re-quire an employee to submit certification to substantiate that the leave is due to the seri-ous health condition of the employee or the employee’s covered family member, due to the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or because of a qualifying exigency. Failure to comply with these re-quirements may result in a delay in the start of FMLA leave. Pursuant to a uniformly ap-plied policy, the employing office may also require that an employee present a certifi-cation of fitness to return to work when the absence was caused by the employee’s seri-ous health condition (see 825.312 and 825.313)). The employing office may delay restoring the employee to employment without such certificate relating to the health condition which caused the employee’s absence. 825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. (a) FMLA is intended to allow employees to balance their work and family life by tak-ing reasonable unpaid leave for medical rea-sons, for the birth or adoption of a child, for the care of a child, spouse, or parent who has a serious health condition, for the care of a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, or because of a qualifying exi-gency arising out of the fact that the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. The FMLA is intended to balance the demands of the workplace with the needs of families, to promote the stability and economic security of families, and to promote national inter-ests in preserving family integrity. It was in-tended that the FMLA accomplish these pur-poses in a manner that accommodates the le-gitimate interests of employing offices, and in a manner consistent with the Equal Pro-tection Clause of the Fourteenth Amend-ment in minimizing the potential for em-ployment discrimination on the basis of sex, while promoting equal employment oppor-tunity for men and women. (b) The FMLA was predicated on two fun-damental concerns—the needs of the Amer-ican workforce, and the development of high- performance organizations. Increasingly, America’s children and elderly are dependent upon family members who must spend long hours at work. When a family emergency arises, requiring workers to attend to seri-ously-ill children or parents, or to newly- born or adopted infants, or even to their own serious illness, workers need reassurance that they will not be asked to choose be-tween continuing their employment, and meeting their personal and family obliga-tions or tending to vital needs at home. (c) The FMLA is both intended and ex-pected to benefit employing offices as well as their employees. A direct correlation exists between stability in the family and produc-tivity in the workplace. FMLA will encour-age the development of high-performance or-ganizations. When workers can count on du-rable links to their workplace they are able to make their own full commitments to their jobs. The record of hearings on family and medical leave indicate the powerful produc-tive advantages of stable workplace relation-ships, and the comparatively small costs of guaranteeing that those relationships will not be dissolved while workers attend to pressing family health obligations or their own serious illness. 825.102 Definitions. For purposes of this part: ADA means the Americans With Disabil-ities Act (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., as amended), as made applicable by the Congressional Ac-countability Act. CAA means the Congressional Account-ability Act of 1995 (Pub. Law 104–1, 109 Stat. 3, 2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq., as amended). COBRA means the continuation coverage requirements of Title X of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (Pub. Law 99–272, title X, section 10002; 100 Stat. 227; 29 U.S.C. 1161–1168). Contingency operation means a military op-eration that: (1) Is designated by the Secretary of De-fense as an operation in which members of the Armed Forces are or may become in-volved in military actions, operations, or hostilities against an enemy of the United States or against an opposing military force; or (2) Results in the call or order to, or reten-tion on, active duty of members of the uni-formed services under section 688, 12301(a), 12302, 12304, 12305, or 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, or any other provi-sion of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the President or Con-gress. See also 825.126(a)(2). Continuing treatment by a health care pro-vider means any one of the following: (1) Incapacity and treatment. A period of in-capacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days, and any subsequent treat-ment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves: (i) Treatment two or more times, within 30 days of the first day of incapacity, unless ex-tenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct super-vision of a health care provider, or by a pro-vider of health care services (e.g., physical therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or (ii) Treatment by a health care provider on at least one occasion, which results in a regi-men of continuing treatment under the su-pervision of the health care provider. (iii) The requirement in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this definition for treatment by a health care provider means an in-person visit to a health care provider. The first in-person treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of incapacity. (iv) Whether additional treatment visits or a regimen of continuing treatment is nec-essary within the 30-day period shall be de-termined by the health care provider. (v) The term ‘‘extenuating circumstances’’ in paragraph (i) means circumstances beyond the employee’s control that prevent the fol-low-up visit from occurring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are extenuating depends on the facts. See also 825.115(a)(5). (2) Pregnancy or prenatal care. Any period of incapacity due to pregnancy, or for prenatal care. 825.120. (3) Chronic conditions. Any period of inca-pacity or treatment for such incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition. A chronic serious health condition is one which: (i) Requires periodic visits (defined as at least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct su-pervision of a health care provider; (ii) Continues over an extended period of time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and (iii) May cause episodic rather than a con-tinuing period of incapacity (e.g., asthma, di-abetes, epilepsy, etc.). (4) Permanent or long-term conditions. A pe- riod of incapacity which is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treat-ment may not be effective. The employee or family member must be under the con-tinuing supervision of, but need not be re-ceiving active treatment by, a health care provider. Examples include Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke, or the terminal stages of a dis-ease. (5) Conditions requiring multiple treatments. Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: (i) Restorative surgery after an accident or other injury; or (ii) A condition that would likely result in a period of incapacity of more than three 
consecutive full calendar days in the absence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), se- vere arthritis (physical therapy), kidney dis-ease (dialysis). (6) Absences attributable to incapacity under paragraphs (2) or (3) of this definition qualify for FMLA leave even though the em-ployee or the covered family member does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last more than three con-secutive, full calendar days. For example, an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4491 June 22, 2016 
employee with asthma may be unable to re-port for work due to the onset of an asthma attack or because the employee’s health care provider has advised the employee to stay home when the pollen count exceeds a cer-tain level. An employee who is pregnant may be unable to report to work because of severe morning sickness. Covered active duty or call to covered active duty status means: (1) In the case of a member of the Regular Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country; and, (2) In the case of a member of the Reserve components of the Armed Forces, duty dur-ing the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a Federal call or order to active duty in sup-port of a contingency operation pursuant to: Section 688 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering to active duty retired members of the Regular Armed Forces and members of the retired Reserve who retired after completing at least 20 years of active service; Section 12301(a) of Title 10 of the United States Code, which au-thorizes ordering all reserve component members to active duty in the case of war or national emergency; Section 12302 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12304 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unas-signed member of the Selected Reserve and certain members of the Individual Ready Re-serve to active duty; Section 12305 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes the suspension of promotion, retirement or separation rules for certain Reserve compo-nents; Section 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard into Federal service in cer-tain circumstances; chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard and state mili-tary into Federal service in the case of insur-rections and national emergencies; or any other provision of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the Presi-dent or Congress so long as it is in support of a contingency operation. See 10 U.S.C. 101(a)(13)(B). See also 825.126(a). Covered employee as defined in the CAA, means any employee of—(1) the House of Representatives; (2) the Senate; (3) the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services; (4) the Capitol Police; (5) the Congressional Budget Office; (6) the Office of the Architect of the Capitol; (7) the Office of the Attending Physician; (8) the Office of Compliance; or (9) the Office of Technology Assessment. Covered servicemember means: (1) A current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness, or (2) A covered veteran who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (includ-ing a member of the National Guard or Re-serves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 825.127(b)(2). Eligible employee as defined in the CAA, means: (1) A covered employee who has been em-ployed for a total of at least 12 months in any employing office on the date on which any FMLA leave is to commence, except that an employing office need not consider any period of previous employment that occurred more than seven years before the date of the most recent hiring of the employee, unless: (i) The break in service is occasioned by the fulfillment of the employee’s Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq., covered service obligation (the period of ab-sence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service must be also count-ed in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by any employing office, but this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the em-ployee than would be available under the USERRA, as made applicable by the CAA); or (ii) A written agreement, including a col-lective bargaining agreement, exists con-cerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in serv-ice (e.g., for purposes of the employee fur-thering his or her education or for childrearing purposes); and (2) Who, on the date on which any FMLA leave is to commence, has met the hours of service requirement by having been em-ployed for at least 1,250 hours of service with an employing office during the previous 12– month period, except that: (i) An employee returning from fulfilling his or her USERRA-covered service obliga-tion shall be credited with the hours of serv-ice that would have been performed but for the period of absence from work due to or ne-cessitated by USERRA-covered service in de-termining whether the employee met the hours of service requirement (accordingly, a person reemployed following absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the pre-vious 12–month period to meet the hours of service requirement); and (ii) To determine the hours that would have been worked during the period of ab-sence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service, the employee’s pre-service work schedule can generally be used for calculations. Employ means to suffer or permit to work. Employee means an employee as defined by the CAA and includes an applicant for em-ployment and a former employee. Employee employed in an instructional capac-ity. See the definition of Teacher in this section. Employee of the Capitol Police means any member or officer of the Capitol Police. Employee of the House of Representatives means an individual occupying a position the pay for which is disbursed by the Clerk of the House of Representatives, or another of-ficial designated by the House of Representa-tives, or any employment position in an en-tity that is paid with funds derived from the clerk-hire allowance of the House of Rep-resentatives but not any such individual em-ployed by any entity listed in subparagraphs (3) through (9) under the definition of cov-ered employee above. Employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol means any employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol or the Botanic Garden. Employee of the Senate means any employee whose pay is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, but not any such individual em-ployed by any entity listed in subparagraphs (3) through (9) under the definition of cov-ered employee above. Employing Office, as defined by the CAA, means: (1) The personal office of a Member of the House of Representatives or of a Senator; (2) A committee of the House of Represent-atives or the Senate or a joint committee; (3) Any other office headed by a person with the final authority to appoint, hire, dis-charge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate; or (4) The Office of Congressional Accessi-bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment. Employment benefits means all benefits pro-vided or made available to employees by an employing office, including group life insur-ance, health insurance, disability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational bene-fits, and pensions, regardless of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office or through an employee benefit plan. The term does not in-clude non-employment related obligations paid by employees through voluntary deduc-tions such as supplemental insurance cov-erage. See also 825.209(a). FLSA means the Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), as made applicable by the CAA. FMLA means the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, Public Law 103–3 (Feb-ruary 5, 1993), 107 Stat. 6 (29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., as amended), as made applicable by the CAA. Group health plan 
means the Federal Em-ployees Health Benefits Program and any other plan of, or contributed to by, an em-ploying office (including a self-insured plan) to provide health care (directly or otherwise) to the employing office’s employees, former employees, or the families of such employees or former employees. For purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the term group health plan shall not include an insur-ance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: (1) No contributions are made by the em-ploying office; (2) Participation in the program is com-pletely voluntary for employees; (3) The sole functions of the employing of-fice with respect to the program are, without endorsing the program, to permit the insurer to publicize the program to employees, to collect premiums through payroll deductions and to remit them to the insurer; (4) The employing office receives no con-sideration in the form of cash or otherwise in connection with the program, other than reasonable compensation, excluding any profit, for administrative services actually rendered in connection with payroll deduc-tion; and, (5) The premium charged with respect to such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. Health care provider means: (1) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, defines health care provider as: (i) A doctor of medicine or osteopathy who is authorized to practice medicine or surgery (as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or (ii) Any other person determined by the Department of Labor to be capable of pro-viding health care services. (2) Others ‘‘capable of providing health care services’’ include only: (i) Podiatrists, dentists, clinical psycholo-gists, optometrists, and chiropractors (lim-ited to treatment consisting of manual ma-nipulation of the spine to correct a sub-luxation as demonstrated by X-ray to exist) authorized to practice in the State and per-forming within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (ii) Nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives and clinical social workers and physician as-sistants who are authorized to practice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4492 June 22, 2016 
under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (iii) Christian Science practitioners listed with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care pro-vider other than a Christian Science practi-tioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement; (iv) Any health care provider from whom an employing office or a group health plan’s benefits manager will accept certification of the existence of a serious health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and (v) A health care provider listed above who practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in ac-cordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. (3) The phrase ‘‘authorized to practice in the State’’ as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health condi-tions. Incapable of self-care means that the indi-vidual requires active assistance or super-vision to provide daily self-care in several of the ‘‘activities of daily living’’ (ADLs) or ‘‘instrumental activities of daily living’’ (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appro-priately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transpor-tation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. Instructional employee: See the definition of Teacher in this section. Intermittent leave means leave taken in sep-arate periods of time due to a single illness or injury, rather than for one continuous pe-riod of time, and may include leave of peri-ods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would in-clude leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken sev-eral days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. Invitational travel authorization (ITA) or In- vitational travel order (ITO) mean orders issued by the Armed Forces to a family member to join an injured or ill servicemem-ber at his or her bedside. See also 825.310(e). Key employee means a salaried FMLA-eligi-ble employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. See also 825.217. Mental disability: See the definition of Phys- ical or mental disability in this section. Military caregiver leave means leave taken to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993. See also 825.127. Next of kin of a covered servicemember means the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of pri-ority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of mili-tary caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered service-member, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See also 825.127(d)(3). Office of Compliance means the independent office established in the legislative branch under section 301 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1381). Outpatient status means, with respect to a covered servicemember who is a current member of the Armed Forces, the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to ei-ther a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient; or a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving med-ical care as outpatients. See also 825.127(b)(1). Parent means a biological, adoptive, step or foster father or mother or any other indi-vidual who stood in loco parentis to the em-ployee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined below. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ Parent of a covered servicemember means a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See also 825.127(d)(2). Physical or mental disability means a phys-ical or mental impairment that substan-tially limits one or more of the major life ac-tivities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR part 1630, issued by the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., as amended, provide guidance for these terms. Reduced leave schedule means a leave sched-ule that reduces the usual number of hours per workweek, or hours per workday, of an employee. Reserve components of the Armed Forces, for purposes of qualifying exigency leave, in-clude the Army National Guard of the United States, Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Air National Guard of the United States, Air Force Reserve, and Coast Guard Reserve, and retired members of the Regular Armed Forces or Reserves who are called up in support of a contingency op-eration. See also 825.126(a)(2)(i). Secretary means the Secretary of Labor or authorized representative. Serious health condition means an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that involves inpatient care as de-fined in 825.114 or continuing treatment by a health care provider as defined in 825.115. Conditions for which cosmetic treatments are administered (such as most treatments for acne or plastic surgery) are not serious health conditions unless inpatient hospital care is required or unless complications de-velop. Restorative dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions pro-vided all the other conditions of this regula-tion are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of 825.113 are met. Serious injury or illness means: (1) In the case of a current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, an injury or ill-ness that was incurred by the covered serv-icemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces and that may render the servicemember medi-cally unfit to perform the duties of the mem-ber’s office, grade, rank, or rating; and (2) In the case of a covered veteran, an in-jury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the be-ginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces) and mani-fested itself before or after the member be-came a veteran, and is: (i) A continuation of a serious injury or ill-ness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemem-ber unable to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rat-ing; or (ii) A physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service- Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 per-cent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or (iii) A physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or (iv) An injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered vet-eran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. See also 825.127(c). Son or daughter means a biological, adopt-
ed, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. Son or daughter of a covered servicemember means a covered servicemember’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered serv-icemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. See also 825.127(d)(1). Son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status means the em-ployee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and who is of any age. See also 825.126(a)(5). Spouse means a husband or wife. For pur-poses of this definition, husband or wife re-fers to the other person with whom an indi-vidual entered into marriage as defined or recognized under state law for purposes of marriage in the State in which the marriage was entered into or, in the case of a marriage entered into outside of any State, if the mar-riage is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. This definition includes an indi-vidual in a same-sex or common law mar-riage that either: (1) Was entered into in a State that recog-nizes such marriages; or (2) If entered into outside of any State, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. Teacher (or employee employed in an in-structional capacity, or instructional em-ployee) means an employee employed prin-cipally in an instructional capacity by an educational agency or school whose principal function is to teach and instruct students in a class, a small group, or an individual set-ting, and includes athletic coaches, driving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4493 June 22, 2016 
instructors, and special education assistants such as signers for the hearing impaired. The term does not include teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal function actual teaching or instructing, nor auxiliary personnel such as counselors, psy-chologists, curriculum specialists, cafeteria workers, maintenance workers, bus drivers, or other primarily noninstructional employ-ees. TRICARE is the health care program serv-ing active duty servicemembers, National Guard and Reserve members, retirees, their families, survivors, and certain former spouses worldwide. 825.103 [Reserved] 825.104 Covered employing offices. (a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, covers all employing offices. As used in the CAA, the term employing office means: (1) The personal office of a Member of the House of Representatives or of a Senator; (2) A committee of the House of Represent-atives or the Senate or a joint committee; (3) Any other office headed by a person with the final authority to appoint, hire, dis-charge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate; or (4) The Office of Congressional Accessi-bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment. 825.105 [Reserved]. 825.106 Joint employer coverage. (a) Where two or more employing offices exercise some control over the work or work-ing conditions of the employee, the employ-ing offices may be joint employers under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Where the employee performs work which si-multaneously benefits two or more employ-ing offices, or works for two or more employ-ing offices at different times during the workweek, a joint employment relationship generally will be considered to exist in situa-tions such as: (1) Where there is an arrangement between employing offices to share an employee’s services or to interchange employees; (2) Where one employing office acts di-rectly or indirectly in the interest of the other employing office in relation to the em-ployee; or (3) Where the employing offices are not completely disassociated with respect to the employee’s employment and may be deemed to share control of the employee, directly or indirectly, because one employing office con-trols, is controlled by, or is under common control with the other employing office. (b) A determination of whether or not a joint employment relationship exists is not determined by the application of any single criterion, but rather the entire relationship is to be viewed in its totality. For example, joint employment will ordinarily be found to exist when: (1) An employee, who is employed by an employing office other than the personal of-fice of a Member of the House of Representa-tives or of a Senator, is under the actual di-rection and control of the Member of the House of Representatives or Senator; or (2) Two or more employing offices employ an individual to work on common issues or other matters for both or all of them. (c) When employing offices employ a cov-ered employee jointly, they may designate one of themselves to be the primary employ-ing office, and the other or others to be the secondary employing office(s). Such a des-ignation shall be made by written notice to the covered employee. (d) If an employing office is designated a primary employing office pursuant to para-graph (c) of this section, only that employ-ing office is responsible for giving required notices to the covered employee, providing FMLA leave, and maintenance of health ben-efits. Job restoration is the primary respon-sibility of the primary employing office, and the secondary employing office(s) may, sub-ject to the limitations in 825.216, be respon-sible for accepting the employee returning from FMLA leave. (e) If employing offices employ an em-ployee jointly, but fail to designate a pri-mary employing office pursuant to para-graph (c) of this section, then all of these employing offices shall be jointly and sever-ally liable for giving required notices to the employee, for providing FMLA leave, for as-suring that health benefits are maintained, and for job restoration. The employee may give notice of need for FMLA leave, as de-scribed in 825.302 and 825.303, to whichever of these employing offices the employee choos-es. If the employee makes a written request for restoration to one of these employing of-fices, that employing office shall be pri-marily responsible for job restoration, and the other employing office(s) may, subject to the limitations in 825.216, be responsible for accepting the employee returning from FMLA leave. 825.107 [Reserved] 825.108 [Reserved] 825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employees. (a) An eligible employee is a covered em-ployee of an employing office who: (1) Has been employed by any employing office for at least 12 months, and (2) Has been employed for at least 1,250 hours of service during the 12-month period immediately preceding the commencement of the leave. (b) The 12 months an employee must have been employed by any employing office need not be consecutive months, provided: (1) Subject to the exceptions provided in paragraph (b)(2) of this section, employment periods prior to a break in service of seven years or more need not be counted in deter-mining whether the employee has been em-ployed by any employing office for at least 12 months. (2) Employment periods preceding a break in service of more than seven years must be counted in determining whether the em-ployee has been employed by any employing office for at least 12 months where: (i) The employee’s break in service is occa-sioned by the fulfillment of his or her Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq., covered service obligation. The period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service must be also count-ed in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by any employing office. However, this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the employee than would be available under the USERRA; or (ii) A written agreement, including a col-lective bargaining agreement, exists con-cerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in serv-ice (e.g., for purposes of the employee fur-thering his or her education or for childrearing purposes). (3) If an employee worked for two or more employing offices sequentially, the time worked will be aggregated to determine whether it equals 12 months. (4) If an employee is maintained on the payroll for any part of a week, including any periods of paid or unpaid leave (sick, vaca-tion) during which other benefits or com-pensation are provided by the employing of-fice (e.g., Federal Employees’ Compensation, group health plan benefits, etc.), the week counts as a week of employment. For pur-poses of determining whether intermittent/ occasional/casual employment qualifies as at least 12 months, 52 weeks is deemed to be equal to 12 months. (5) Nothing in this section prevents em-ploying offices from considering employment prior to a continuous break in service of more than seven years when determining whether an employee has met the 12–month employment requirement. However, if an employing office chooses to recognize such prior employment, the employing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all em-ployees with similar breaks in service. (c)(1) If an employee was employed by two or more employing offices, either sequen-tially or concurrently, the hours of service will be aggregated to determine whether the minimum of 1,250 hours has been reached. (2) Except as provided in paragraph (c)(3) of this section, whether an employee has worked the minimum 1,250 hours of service is determined according to the principles es-tablished under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as applied by section 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), for determining compen-sable hours of work. The determining factor is the number of hours an employee has worked for one or more employing offices as defined by the CAA. The determination is not limited by methods of recordkeeping, or by compensation agreements that do not ac-curately reflect all of the hours an employee has worked for or been in service to the em-ploying office. Any accurate accounting of actual hours worked under the FLSA’s prin-ciples, as made applicable by the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), may be used. (3) An employee returning from USERRA- covered service shall be credited with the hours of service that would have been per-formed but for the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service in determining the employee’s eligibility for FMLA-qualifying leave. Ac-cordingly, a person reemployed following USERRA-covered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the previous 12–month period to meet the hours of service requirement. In order to determine the hours that would have been worked during the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service, the employee’s pre-service work schedule can generally be used for calcula-tions. (4) In the event an employing office does not maintain an accurate record of hours worked by an employee, including for em-ployees who are exempt from the overtime requirements of the FLSA, as made applica-ble by the CAA and its regulations, the em-ploying office has the burden of showing that the employee has not worked the requisite hours. An employing office must be able to clearly demonstrate, for example, that full time teachers (see 825.102 for definition) of an elementary or secondary school system, or institution of higher education, or other edu-cational establishment or institution (who often work outside the classroom or at their homes) did not work 1,250 hours during the previous 12 months in order to claim that the teachers are not covered or eligible for FMLA leave. (d) The determination of whether an em-ployee meets the hours of service require-ment for any employing office and has been employed by any employing office for a total of at least 12 months, must be made as of the date the FMLA leave is to start. An em-ployee may be on non-FMLA leave at the time he or she meets the 12-month eligibility 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4494 June 22, 2016 
requirement, and in that event, any portion of the leave taken for an FMLA-qualifying reason after the employee meets the eligi-bility requirement would be FMLA leave. See 825.300(b) for rules governing the content of the eligibility notice given to employees. (e) If, before beginning employment with an employing office, an employee had been employed by another employing office, the subsequent employing office may count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment FMLA leave taken from the prior em-ploying office, so long as the prior employing office properly designated the leave as FMLA under these regulations or other ap-plicable requirements. 825.111 [Reserved] 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general rule. (a) Circumstances qualifying for leave. Em- ploying offices covered by FMLA as made ap-plicable by the CAA are required to grant leave to eligible employees: (1) For birth of a son or daughter, and to care for the newborn child (see 825.120); (2) For placement with the employee of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care (see 825.121); (3) To care for the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition (see 825.113 and 825.122); (4) Because of a serious health condition that makes the employee unable to perform the functions of the employee’s job ( see 825.113 and 825.123); (5) Because of any qualifying exigency aris-ing out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to cov-ered active duty status) (see 825.122 and 825.126); and (6) To care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness if the em-ployee is the spouse, son, daughter, parent, or next of kin of the covered servicemember (see 825.122 and 825.127). (b) Equal Application. The right to take leave under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, applies equally to male and female employees. A father, as well as a mother, can take family leave for the birth, placement for adoption, or foster care of a child. (c) Active employee. In situations where the employing office/employee relationship has been interrupted, such as an employee who has been on layoff, the employee must be re-called or otherwise be re-employed before being eligible for FMLA leave. Under such circumstances, an eligible employee is im-mediately entitled to further FMLA leave for a qualifying reason. 825.113 Serious health condition. (a) For purposes of FMLA, serious health condition entitling an employee to FMLA leave means an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that in-volves inpatient care as defined in 825.114 or continuing treatment by a health care pro-vider as defined in 825.115. (b) The term incapacity means inability to work, attend school or perform other regular daily activities due to the serious health condition, treatment therefore, or recovery therefrom. (c) The term treatment includes (but is not limited to) examinations to determine if a serious health condition exists and evalua-tions of the condition. Treatment does not include routine physical examinations, eye examinations, or dental examinations. A reg-imen of continuing treatment includes, for example, a course of prescription medication (e.g., an antibiotic) or therapy requiring spe-cial equipment to resolve or alleviate the health condition (e.g., oxygen). A regimen of continuing treatment that includes the tak-ing of over-the-counter medications such as aspirin, antihistamines, or salves; or bed- rest, drinking fluids, exercise, and other similar activities that can be initiated with-out a visit to a health care provider, is not, by itself, sufficient to constitute a regimen of continuing treatment for purposes of FMLA leave. (d) Conditions for which cosmetic treat-ments are administered (such as most treat-ments for acne or plastic surgery) are not se-rious health conditions unless inpatient hos-pital care is required or unless complications develop. Ordinarily, unless complications arise, the common cold, the flu, ear aches, upset stomach, minor ulcers, headaches other than migraine, routine dental or or-thodontia problems, periodontal disease, etc., are examples of conditions that do not meet the definition of a serious health condition and do not qualify for FMLA leave. Restora-tive dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions provided all the other con-ditions of this regulation are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of this section are met. 825.114 Inpatient care. In patient care means an overnight stay in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility, including any period of inca-pacity as defined in 825.113(b), or any subse-quent treatment in connection with such in-patient care. 825.115 Continuing treatment. A serious health condition involving con-tinuing treatment by a health care provider includes any one or more of the following: (a) Incapacity and treatment. A period of in-capacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days, and any subsequent treat-ment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves: (1) Treatment two or more times, within 30 days of the first day of incapacity, unless ex-tenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct super-vision of a health care provider, or by a pro-vider of health care services (e.g., physical therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or (2) Treatment by a health care provider on at least one occasion, which results in a regi-men of continuing treatment under the su-pervision of the health care provider. (3) The requirement in paragraphs (a)(1) and (2) of this section for treatment by a health care provider means an in-person visit to a health care provider. The first (or only) in-person treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of inca-pacity. (4) Whether additional treatment visits or a regimen of continuing treatment is nec-essary within the 30-day period shall be de-termined by the health care provider. (5) The term extenuating circumstances in paragraph (a)(1) of this section means cir-cumstances beyond the employee’s control that prevent the follow-up visit from occur-ring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are ex-tenuating depends on the facts. For example, extenuating circumstances exist if a health care provider determines that a second in- person visit is needed within the 30-day pe-riod, but the health care provider does not have any available appointments during that time period. (b) Pregnancy or prenatal care. Any period of incapacity due to pregnancy, or for pre-natal care. See also 
825.120. (c) Chronic conditions. Any period of inca-pacity or treatment for such incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition. A chronic serious health condition is one which: (1) Requires periodic visits (defined as at least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct su-pervision of a health care provider; (2) Continues over an extended period of time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and (3) May cause episodic rather than a con-tinuing period of incapacity (e.g., asthma, di- abetes, epilepsy, etc.). (d) Permanent or long-term conditions. A pe- riod of incapacity which is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treat-ment may not be effective. The employee or family member must be under the con-tinuing supervision of, but need not be re-ceiving active treatment by, a health care provider. Examples include Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke, or the terminal stages of a dis-ease. (e) Conditions requiring multiple treatments. Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: (1) Restorative surgery after an accident or other injury; or (2) A condition that would likely result in a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days in the ab-sence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), severe arthritis (physical therapy), or kidney disease (dialysis). (f) Absences attributable to incapacity under paragraphs (b) or (c) of this section qualify for FMLA leave even though the em-ployee or the covered family member does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last more than three con-secutive, full calendar days. For example, an employee with asthma may be unable to re-port for work due to the onset of an asthma attack or because the employee’s health care provider has advised the employee to stay home when the pollen count exceeds a cer-tain level. An employee who is pregnant may be unable to report to work because of severe morning sickness. 825.116 [Reserved] 825.117 [Reserved] 825.118 [Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance abuse. (a) Substance abuse may be a serious health condition if the conditions of 825.113 through 825.115 are met. However, FMLA leave may only be taken for treatment for substance abuse by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services on refer-ral by a health care provider. On the other hand, absence because of the employee’s use of the substance, rather than for treatment, does not qualify for FMLA leave. (b) Treatment for substance abuse does not prevent an employing office from taking em-ployment action against an employee. The employing office may not take action against the employee because the employee has exercised his or her right to take FMLA leave for treatment. However, if the employ-ing office has an established policy, applied in a non-discriminatory manner that has been communicated to all employees, that provides under certain circumstances an em-ployee may be terminated for substance abuse, pursuant to that policy the employee may be terminated whether or not the em-ployee is presently taking FMLA leave. An employee may also take FMLA leave to care for a covered family member who is receiv-ing treatment for substance abuse. The em-ploying office may not take action against an employee who is providing care for a cov-ered family member receiving treatment for substance abuse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4495 June 22, 2016 
825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. (a) General rules. Eligible employees are en-titled to FMLA leave for pregnancy or birth of a child as follows: (1) Both parents are entitled to FMLA leave for the birth of their child. (2) Both parents are entitled to FMLA leave to be with the healthy newborn child (i.e., bonding time) during the 12-month pe-riod beginning on the date of birth. An em-ployee’s entitlement to FMLA leave for a birth expires at the end of the 12-month pe-riod beginning on the date of the birth. If the employing office permits bonding leave to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, both parents are entitled to FMLA leave even if the newborn does not have a serious health condition. (3) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA leave and are employed by the same employ-ing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month pe-riod if the leave is taken for birth of the em-ployee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement, or to care for the employee’s par-ent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave ap-plies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are em-ployed at two different worksites of an em-ploying office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12-week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference be-tween the amount he or she has taken indi-vidually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newborn child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. (4) The expectant mother is entitled to FMLA leave for incapacity due to pregnancy, for prenatal care, or for her own serious health condition following the birth of the child. An expectant mother may take FMLA leave before the birth of the child for pre-natal care or if her condition makes her un-able to work. The expectant mother is enti-tled to leave for incapacity due to pregnancy even though she does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the ab-sence, and even if the absence does not last for more than three consecutive calendar days. (5) A spouse is entitled to FMLA leave if needed to care for a pregnant spouse who is incapacitated or if needed to care for her during her prenatal care, or if needed to care for her following the birth of a child if she has a serious health condition. See 825.124. (6) Both parents are entitled to FMLA leave if needed to care for a child with a seri-ous health condition if the requirements of 825.113 through 825.115 and 825.122(d) are met. Thus, spouses may each take 12 weeks of FMLA leave if needed to care for their new-born child with a serious health condition, even if both are employed by the same em-ploying office, provided they have not ex-hausted their entitlements during the appli-cable 12-month FMLA leave period. (b) Intermittent and reduced schedule leave. An eligible employee may use intermittent or reduced schedule leave after the birth to be with a healthy newborn child only if the employing office agrees. For example, an em-ploying office and employee may agree to a part-time work schedule after the birth. If the employing office agrees to permit inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth of a child, the employing office may re-quire the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or re-duced leave schedule is required, to an avail-able alternative position for which the em-ployee is qualified and which better accom-modates recurring periods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. Transfer to an alternative position may require compli-ance with any applicable collective bar-gaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alter-native position may include altering an ex-isting job to better accommodate the em-ployee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the ex-pectant mother or newborn child. See 825.202– 825.205 for general rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption or foster care. See 825.601 for special rules ap-plicable to instructional employees of schools. 825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. (a) General rules. Eligible employees are en-titled to FMLA leave for placement with the employee of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care as follows: (1) Employees may take FMLA leave be-fore the actual placement or adoption of a child if an absence from work is required for the placement for adoption or foster care to proceed. For example, the employee may be required to attend counseling sessions, ap-pear in court, consult with his or her attor-ney or the doctor(s) representing the birth parent, submit to a physical examination, or travel to another country to complete an adoption. The source of an adopted child (e.g., whether from a licensed placement agency or otherwise) is not a factor in deter-mining eligibility for leave for this purpose. (2) An employee’s entitlement to leave for adoption or foster care expires at the end of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the placement. If the employing office per-mits leave for adoption or foster care to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, the employee is entitled to FMLA leave even if the adopted or foster child does not have a serious health condition. (3) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a com-bined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period if the leave is taken for the placement of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after placement, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, or to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two dif-ferent worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be enti-tled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12- week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the dif-ference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newly placed child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. (4) An eligible employee is entitled to FMLA leave in order to care for an adopted or foster child with a serious health condi-tion if the requirements of 825.113 through 825.115 and 825.122(d) are met. Thus, spouses may each take 12 weeks of FMLA leave if needed to care for an adopted or foster child with a serious health condition, even if both are employed by the same employing office, provided they have not exhausted their enti-tlements during the applicable 12-month FMLA leave period. (b) Use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. An eligible employee may use inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave after the placement of a healthy child for adoption or foster care only if the employing office agrees. Thus, for example, the employing of-fice and employee may agree to a part-time work schedule after the placement for bond-ing purposes. If the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the placement for adoption or fos-ter care, the employing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is required, to an available alter-native position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates re-curring periods of leave than does the em-ployee’s regular position. Transfer to an al-ternative position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made ap-plicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alter-native position may include altering an ex-isting job to better accommodate the em-ployee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the adopt-ed or foster child. See 825.202–825.205 for gen-eral rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 825.120 for general rules governing leave for pregnancy and birth of a child. See 825.601 for special rules applicable to instructional employees of schools. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemem-ber, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adop-tion, foster care, son or daughter on cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. (a) Covered servicemember means: (1) A current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness; or (2) A covered veteran who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 825.127(b)(2). (b) Spouse means a husband or wife. For purposes of this definition, husband or wife refers to the other person with whom an in-dividual entered into marriage as defined or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4496 June 22, 2016 
recognized under state law for purposes of marriage in the State in which the marriage was entered into or, in the case of a marriage entered into outside of any State, if the mar-riage is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. This definition includes an indi-vidual in a same-sex or common law mar-riage that either: (1) Was entered into in a State that recog-nizes such marriages; or (2) If entered into outside of any State, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. (c) Parent. Parent means a biological, adoptive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the employee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined in para-graph (d) of this section. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ (d) Son or daughter. For purposes of FMLA leave taken for birth or adoption, or to care for a family member with a serious health condition, son or daughter means a biologi-cal, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of self-care be-cause of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. (1) Incapable of self-care means that the in-dividual requires active assistance or super-vision to provide daily self-care in three or more of the activities of daily living (ADLs) or instrumental activities of daily living (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appro-priately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transpor-tation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. (2) Physical or mental disability means a physical or mental impairment that substan-tially limits one or more of the major life ac-tivities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR 1630.2(h), (i), and (j), issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., provide guidance for these terms. (3) Persons who are ‘‘in loco parentis’’ in-clude those with day-to-day responsibilities to care for and financially support a child, or, in the case of an employee, who had such responsibility for the employee when the em-ployee was a child. A biological or legal rela-tionship is not necessary. (e) Next of kin of a covered servicemember means the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered service-member by court decree or statutory provi-sions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for pur-poses of military caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered servicemember, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or si-multaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See 825.127(d)(3). (f) Adoption means legally and perma-nently assuming the responsibility of raising a child as one’s own. The source of an adopt-ed child (e.g., whether from a licensed place-ment agency or otherwise) is not a factor in determining eligibility for FMLA leave. See 825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption. (g) Foster care means 24-hour care for chil-dren in substitution for, and away from, their parents or guardian. Such placement is made by or with the agreement of the State as a result of a voluntary agreement between the parent or guardian that the child be re-moved from the home, or pursuant to a judi-cial determination of the necessity for foster care, and involves agreement between the State and foster family that the foster fam-ily will take care of the child. Although fos-ter care may be with relatives of the child, State action is involved in the removal of the child from parental custody. See 825.121 for rules governing leave for foster care. (h) Son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status means the employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and who is of any age. See 825.126(a)(5). (i) Son or daughter of a covered servicemem-ber means the covered servicemember’s bio-logical, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered servicemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. See 825.127(d)(1). (j) Parent of a covered servicemember means a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See 825.127(d)(2). (k) Documenting relationships. For purposes of confirmation of family relationship, the employing office may require the employee giving notice of the need for leave to provide reasonable documentation or statement of family relationship. This documentation may take the form of a simple statement from the employee, or a child’s birth certifi-cate, a court document, etc. The employing office is entitled to examine documentation such as a birth certificate, etc., but the em-ployee is entitled to the return of the official document submitted for this purpose. 825.123 Unable to perform the functions of the position. (a) Definition. An employee is unable to perform the functions of the position where the health care provider finds that the em-ployee is unable to work at all or is unable to perform any one of the essential functions of the employee’s position within the mean-ing of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and made applicable by Section 201(a) of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)(3)). An employee who must be absent from work to receive medical treatment for a serious health condition is considered to be unable to perform the essential functions of the po-sition during the absence for treatment. (b) Statement of functions. An employing of-fice has the option, in requiring certification from a health care provider, to provide a statement of the essential functions of the employee’s position for the health care pro-vider to review. A sufficient medical certifi-cation must specify what functions of the employee’s position the employee is unable to perform so that the employing office can then determine whether the employee is un-able to perform one or more essential func-tions of the employee’s position. For pur-poses of the FMLA, the essential functions of the employee’s position are to be determined with reference to the position the employee held at the time notice is given or leave commenced, whichever is earlier. See 825.306. 825.124 Needed to care for a family member or covered servicemember. (a) The medical certification provision that an employee is needed to care for a fam-ily member or covered servicemember en-compasses both physical and psychological care. It includes situations where, for exam-ple, because of a serious health condition, the family member is unable to care for his or her own basic medical, hygienic, or nutri-tional needs or safety, or is unable to trans-port himself or herself to the doctor. The term also includes providing psychological comfort and reassurance which would be ben-eficial to a child, spouse or parent with a se-rious health condition who is receiving inpa-tient or home care. (b) The term also includes situations where the employee may be needed to substitute 
for others who normally care for the family member or covered servicemember, or to make arrangements for changes in care, such as transfer to a nursing home. The employee need not be the only individual or family member available to care for the family member or covered servicemember. (c) An employee’s intermittent leave or a reduced leave schedule necessary to care for a family member or covered servicemember includes not only a situation where the con-dition of the family member or covered serv-icemember itself is intermittent, but also where the employee is only needed intermit-tently—such as where other care is normally available, or care responsibilities are shared with another member of the family or a third party. See 825.202–825.205 for rules gov-erning the use of intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.125 Definition of health care provider. (a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, defines health care provider as: (1) A doctor of medicine or osteopathy who is authorized to practice medicine or surgery (as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or (2) Any other person determined by the Of-fice of Compliance to be capable of providing health care services. (3) In making a determination referred to in subparagraph (a)(2), and absent good cause shown to do otherwise, the Office of Compli-ance will follow any determination made by the Department of Labor (under section 101(6)(B) of FMLA (29 U.S.C. 2611(6)(B))) that a person is capable of providing health care services, provided the determination by the Department of Labor was not made at the re-quest of a person who was then a covered em-ployee. (b) Others capable of providing health care services include only: (1) Podiatrists, dentists, clinical psycholo-gists, optometrists, and chiropractors (lim-ited to treatment consisting of manual ma-nipulation of the spine to correct a sub-luxation as demonstrated by X-ray to exist) authorized to practice in the State and per-forming within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (2) Nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives, clinical social workers and physician assist-ants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (3) Christian Science Practitioners listed with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care pro-vider other than a Christian Science practi-tioner except as otherwise provided under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4497 June 22, 2016 
applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement; (4) Any health care provider from whom an employing office or the employing office’s group health plan’s benefits manager will ac-cept certification of the existence of a seri-ous health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and (5) A health care provider listed above who practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in ac-cordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. (c) The phrase authorized to practice in the State as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health conditions. 825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exi-gency. (a) Eligible employees may take FMLA leave for a qualifying exigency while the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent (the military member or member) is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty). (1) Covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status in the case of a member of the Regular Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country. The ac-tive duty orders of a member of the Regular components of the Armed Forces will gen-erally specify if the member is deployed to a foreign country. (2) Covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status in the case of a member of the Reserve components of the Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a Federal call or order to ac-tive duty in support of a contingency oper-ation pursuant to: Section 688 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes or-dering to active duty retired members of the Regular Armed Forces and members of the retired Reserve who retired after completing at least 20 years of active service; Section 12301(a) of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering all reserve compo-nent members to active duty in the case of war or national emergency; Section 12302 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which au-thorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12304 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Selected Reserve and certain members of the Individual Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12305 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which author-izes the suspension of promotion, retirement or separation rules for certain Reserve com-ponents; Section 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard into Federal service in certain circumstances; chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard and state mili-tary into Federal service in the case of insur-rections and national emergencies; or any other provision of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the Presi-dent or Congress so long as it is in support of a contingency operation. See 10 U.S.C. 101(a)(13)(B). (i) For purposes of covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, the Re-serve components of the Armed Forces in-clude the Army National Guard of the United States, Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Air National Guard of the United States, Air Force Reserve and Coast Guard Reserve, and retired members of the Regular Armed Forces or Reserves who are called up in support of a contingency op-eration pursuant to one of the provisions of law identified in paragraph (a)(2). (ii) The active duty orders of a member of the Reserve components will generally speci-fy if the military member is serving in sup-port of a contingency operation by citation to the relevant section of Title 10 of the United States Code and/or by reference to the specific name of the contingency oper-ation and will specify that the deployment is to a foreign country. (3) Deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country means deployment to areas outside of the United States, the District of Columbia, or any Territory or possession of the United States, including international waters. (4) A call to covered active duty for pur-poses of leave taken because of a qualifying exigency refers to a Federal call to active duty. State calls to active duty are not cov-ered unless under order of the President of the United States pursuant to one of the pro-visions of law identified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section. (5) Son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status means the employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and who is of any age. (b) An eligible employee may take FMLA leave for one or more of the following quali-fying exigencies: (1) Short-notice deployment. (i) To address any issue that arises from the fact that the military member is notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty seven or less calendar days prior to the date of de-ployment; (ii) Leave taken for this purpose can be used for a period of seven calendar days be-ginning on the date the military member is notified of an impending call or order to cov-ered active duty; (2) Military events and related activities. (i) To attend any official ceremony, program, or event sponsored by the military that is re-lated to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and (ii) To attend family support or assistance programs and informational briefings spon-sored or promoted by the military, military service organizations, or the American Red Cross that are related to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (3) Childcare and school activities. For the purposes of leave for childcare and school ac-tivities listed in (i) through (iv) of this para-graph, a child of the military member must be the military member’s biological, adopt-ed, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or child for whom the military member stands in loco parentis, who is either under 18 years of age or 18 years of age or older and incapa-ble of self-care because of a mental or phys-ical disability at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. As with all instances of qualifying exigency leave, the military mem-ber must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting qualifying exigency leave. (i) To arrange for alternative childcare for a child of the military member when the cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member neces-sitates a change in the existing childcare ar-rangement; (ii) To provide childcare for a child of the military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (iii) To enroll in or transfer to a new school or day care facility a child of the military member when enrollment or trans-fer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and (iv) To attend meetings with staff at a school or a daycare facility, such as meet-ings with school officials regarding discipli-nary measures, parent-teacher conferences, or meetings with school counselors, for a child of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (4) Financial and legal arrangements. (i) To make or update financial or legal arrange-ments to address the military member’s ab-sence while on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, such as preparing and executing financial and healthcare pow-ers of attorney, transferring bank account signature authority, enrolling in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS), obtaining military identification cards, or preparing or updating a will or liv-ing trust; and (ii) To act as the military member’s rep-resentative before a federal, state, or local agency for purposes of obtaining, arranging, or appealing military service benefits while the military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and for a period of 90 days following the ter-mination of the military member’s covered active duty status; (5) Counseling. To attend counseling pro-vided by someone other than a health care provider, for oneself, for the military mem-ber, or for the biological, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, or a legal ward of the mili-tary member, or a child for whom the mili-tary member stands in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and in-capable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability at the time that FMLA leave is to commence, provided that the need for counseling arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (6) Rest and Recuperation. (i) To spend time with the military member who is on short- term, temporary, Rest and Recuperation leave during the period of deployment; (ii) Leave taken for this purpose can be used for a period of 15 calendar days begin-ning on the date the military member com-mences each instance of Rest and Recuper-ation leave; (7) Post-deployment activities. (i) To attend arrival ceremonies, reintegration briefings and events, and any other official ceremony or program sponsored by the military for a period of 90 days following the termination of the military member’s covered active duty status; and (ii) To address issues that arise from the death of the military member while on cov-ered active duty status, such as meeting and recovering the body of the military member, making funeral arrangements, and attending funeral services; (8) Parental care. For purposes of leave for parental care listed in (i) through (iv) of this paragraph, the parent of the military mem-ber must be incapable of self-care and must be the military member’s biological, adop-tive, step, or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the military member when the member was under 18 years of age. A parent who is in-capable of self-care means that the parent requires active assistance or supervision to provide daily self-care in three or more of the activities of daily living or instrumental activities of daily living. Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4498 June 22, 2016 
caring appropriately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing, and eating. In-strumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transportation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. As with all instances of qualifying exigency leave, the military member must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting quali-fying exigency leave. (i) To arrange for alternative care for a parent of the military member when the par-ent is incapable of self-care and the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member necessitates a change in the existing care arrangement for the parent; (ii) To provide care for a parent of the military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the parent is incapable of self-care and the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; (iii) To admit to or transfer to a care facil-ity a parent of the military member when admittance or transfer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and (iv) To attend meetings with staff at a care facility, such as meetings with hospice or so-cial service providers for a parent of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status of the military member but not for routine or regular meetings; (9) Additional activities. To address other events which arise out of the military mem-ber’s covered active duty or call to covered active duty status provided that the employ-ing office and employee agree that such leave shall qualify as an exigency, and agree to both the timing and duration of such leave. 825.127 Leave to care for a covered service-member with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). (a) Eligible employees are entitled to FMLA leave to care for a covered service-member with a serious illness or injury. (b) Covered servicemember means: (1) A current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status; or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness. Outpatient status means the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to either a military medical treat-ment facility as an outpatient or a unit es-tablished for the purpose of providing com-mand and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving medical care as out-patients. (2) A covered veteran who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. An eligible em-ployee must commence leave to care for a covered veteran within five years of the vet-eran’s active duty service, but the single 12- month period described in paragraph (e)(1) of this section may extend beyond the five-year period. (i) For an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves) and who was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable prior to the effec-tive date of this Final Rule, the period be-tween October 28, 2009 and the effective date of this Final Rule shall not count towards the determination of the five-year period for covered veteran status. (c) A serious injury or illness means: (1) In the case of a current member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, means an injury or illness that was incurred by the covered servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed be-fore the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces, and that may render the member medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank or rating; and, (2) In the case of a covered veteran, means an injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the be-ginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces), and mani-fested itself before or after the member be-came a veteran, and is: (i) A continuation of a serious injury or ill-ness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemem-ber unable to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rat-ing; or (ii) A physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service- Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 per-cent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or (iii) A physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or (iv) An injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered vet-eran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. (d) In order to care for a covered service-member, an eligible employee must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent, or next of kin of a covered servicemember. (1) Son or daughter of a covered servicemem-ber means the covered servicemember’s bio-logical, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered servicemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. (2) Parent of a covered servicemember means a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ (3) Next of kin of a covered servicemember means the nearest blood relative, other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of mili-tary caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered service-member, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. For exam-ple, if a covered servicemember has three siblings and has not designated a blood rel-ative to provide care, all three siblings would be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin. Alternatively, where a covered servicemember has a sibling(s) and des-ignates a cousin as his or her next of kin for FMLA purposes, then only the designated cousin is eligible as the covered servicemember’s next of kin. An employing office is permitted to require an employee to provide confirmation of covered family rela-tionship to the covered servicemember pur-suant to 825.122(k). (e) An eligible employee is entitled to 26 workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or ill-ness during a single 12–month period. (1) The single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section begins on the first day the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember and ends 12 months after that date, regard-less of the method used by the employing of-fice to determine the employee’s 12 work-weeks of leave entitlement for other FMLA- qualifying reasons. If an eligible employee does not take all of his or her 26 workweeks of leave entitlement to care for a covered servicemember during this single 12-month period, the remaining part of his or her 26 workweeks of leave entitlement to care for the covered servicemember is forfeited. (2) The leave entitlement described in paragraph (e) of this section is to be applied on a per-covered-servicemember, per-injury basis such that an eligible employee may be entitled to take more than one period of 26 workweeks of leave if the leave is to care for different covered servicemembers or to care for the same servicemember with a subse-quent serious injury or illness, except that no more than 26 workweeks of leave may be taken within any single 12-month period. An eligible employee may take more than one period of 26 workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with more than one serious injury or illness only when the seri-ous injury or illness is a subsequent serious injury or illness. When an eligible employee takes leave to care for more than one cov-ered servicemember or for a subsequent seri-ous injury or illness of the same covered servicemember, and the single 12-month pe-riods corresponding to the different military caregiver leave entitlements overlap, the employee is limited to taking no more than 26 workweeks of leave in each single 12- month period. (3) An eligible employee is entitled to a combined total of 26 workweeks of leave for any FMLA-qualifying reason during the sin-gle 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section, provided that the em-ployee is entitled to no more than 12 work-weeks of leave for one or more of the fol-lowing: because of the birth of a son or daughter of the employee and in order to care for such son or daughter; because of the placement of a son or daughter with the em-ployee for adoption or foster care; in order to care for the spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; because of the employee’s own serious health condition; or because of a qualifying exigency. Thus, for example, an eligible employee may, during the single 12-month period, take 16 work-weeks of FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember and 10 workweeks of FMLA leave to care for a newborn child. However, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4499 June 22, 2016 
the employee may not take more than 12 weeks of FMLA leave to care for the new-born child during the single 12-month period, even if the employee takes fewer than 14 workweeks of FMLA leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember. (4) In all circumstances, including for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember, the employing office is responsible for desig-nating leave, paid or unpaid, as FMLA-quali-fying, and for giving notice of the designa-tion to the employee as provided in 825.300. In the case of leave that qualifies as both leave to care for a covered servicemember and leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition during the single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section, the employing office must des-ignate such leave as leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember in the first instance. Leave that qualifies as both leave to care for a covered servicemember and leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition during the single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this sec-tion must not be designated and counted as both leave to care for a covered servicemem-ber and leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. As is the case with leave taken for other qualifying reasons, employing offices may retroactively designate leave as leave to care for a covered servicemember pursuant to 825.301(d). (f) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a com-bined total of 26 workweeks of leave during the single 12-month period described in para-graph (e) of this section if the leave is taken for birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for place-ment of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care, or to care for the child after placement, to care for the em-ployee’s parent with a serious health condi-tion, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. This limita-tion on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same em-ploying office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 26 workweeks of FMLA leave. SUBPART B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLE-MENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT 825.200 Amount of Leave. (a) Except in the case of leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious in-jury or illness, an eligible employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a total of 12 workweeks of leave during any 12-month pe-riod for any one, or more, of the following reasons: (1) The birth of the employee’s son or daughter, and to care for the newborn child; (2) The placement with the employee of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care, and to care for the newly placed child; (3) To care for the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; (4) Because of a serious health condition that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of his or her job; and (5) Because of any qualifying exigency aris-ing out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty). (b) An employing office is permitted to choose any one of the following methods for determining the 12-month period in which the 12 weeks of leave entitlement described in paragraph (a) of this section occurs: (1) The calendar year; (2) Any fixed 12-month leave year, such as a fiscal year or a year starting on an employ-ee’s anniversary date; (3) The 12-month period measured forward from the date any employee’s first FMLA leave under paragraph (a) begins; or (4) A ‘‘rolling’’ 12-month period measured backward from the date an employee uses any FMLA leave as described in paragraph (a). (c) Under methods in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2) of this section an employee would be entitled to up to 12 weeks of FMLA leave at any time in the fixed 12-month period se-lected. An employee could, therefore, take 12 weeks of leave at the end of the year and 12 weeks at the beginning of the following year. Under the method in paragraph (b)(3) of this section, an employee would be entitled to 12 weeks of leave during the year beginning on the first date FMLA leave is taken; the next 12-month period would begin the first time FMLA leave is taken after completion of any previous 12-month period. Under the method in paragraph (b)(4) of this section, the ‘‘roll-ing’’ 12-month period, each time an employee takes FMLA leave the remaining leave enti-tlement would be any balance of the 12 weeks which has not been used during the immediately preceding 12 months. For exam-ple, if an employee has taken eight weeks of leave during the past 12 months, an addi-tional four weeks of leave could be taken. If an employee used four weeks beginning Feb-ruary 1, 2008, four weeks beginning June 1, 2008, and four weeks beginning December 1, 2008, the employee would not be entitled to any additional leave until February 1, 2009. However, beginning on February 1, 2009, the employee would again be eligible to take FMLA leave, recouping the right to take the leave in the same manner and amounts in which it was used in the previous year. Thus, the employee would recoup (and be entitled to use) one additional day of FMLA leave each day for four weeks, commencing Feb-ruary 1, 2009. The employee would also begin to recoup additional days beginning on June 1, 2009, and additional days beginning on De-cember 1, 2009. Accordingly, employing of-fices using the rolling 12-month period may need to calculate whether the employee is entitled to take FMLA leave each time that leave is requested, and employees taking FMLA leave on such a basis may fall in and out of FMLA protection based on their FMLA usage in the prior 12 months. For ex-ample, in the example above, if the employee needs six weeks of leave for a serious health condition commencing February 1, 2009, only the first four weeks of the leave would be FMLA-protected. (d)(1) Employing offices will be allowed to choose any one of the alternatives in para-graph (b) of this section for the leave entitle-ments described in paragraph (a) of this sec-tion provided the alternative chosen is ap-plied consistently and uniformly to all em-ployees. An employing office wishing to change to another alternative is required to give at least 60 days notice to all employees, and the transition must take place in such a way that the employees retain the full ben-efit of 12 weeks of leave under whichever method affords the greatest benefit to the employee. Under no circumstances may a new method be implemented in order to avoid the CAA’s FMLA leave requirements. (2) [Reserved] (e) If an employing office fails to select one of the options in paragraph (b) of this section for measuring the 12-month period for the leave entitlements described in paragraph (a), the option that provides the most bene-ficial outcome for the employee will be used. The employing office may subsequently se-lect an option only by providing the 60-day notice to all employees of the option the em-ploying office intends to implement. During the running of the 60-day period any other employee who needs FMLA leave may use the option providing the most beneficial out-come to that employee. At the conclusion of the 60-day period the employing office may implement the selected option. (f) An eligible employee’s FMLA leave en-titlement is limited to a total of 26 work-weeks of leave during a single 12-month pe-riod to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. An employ-ing office shall determine the single 12- month period in which the 26 weeks of leave entitlement described in this paragraph oc-curs using the 12-month period measured for-ward from the date an employee’s first FMLA leave to care for the covered service-member begins. See 825.127(e)(1). (g) During the single 12-month period de-scribed in paragraph (f), an eligible employ-ee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a combined total of 26 workweeks of FMLA leave for any qualifying reason. See 825.127(e)(3). (h) For purposes of determining the amount of leave used by an employee, the fact that a holiday may occur within the week taken as FMLA leave has no effect; the week is counted as a week of FMLA leave. However, if an employee is using FMLA leave in increments of less than one week, the holiday will not count against the em-ployee’s FMLA entitlement unless the em-ployee was otherwise scheduled and expected to work during the holiday. Similarly, if for some reason the employing office’s business activity has temporarily ceased and employ-ees generally are not expected to report for work for one or more weeks (e.g., a school closing two weeks for the Christmas/New Year holiday or the summer vacation or an employing office closing the office for re-pairs), the days the employing office’s activi-ties have ceased do not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Meth-ods for determining an employee’s 12-week leave entitlement are also described in 825.205. (i)(1) If employing offices jointly employ an employee, and if they designate a primary employing office pursuant to 825.106(c), the primary employing office may choose any one of the alternatives in paragraph (b) of this section for measuring the 12-month pe-riod, provided that the alternative chosen is applied consistently and uniformly to all employees of the primary employing office including the jointly employed employee. (2) If employing offices fail to designate a primary employing office pursuant to 825.106(c), an employee jointly employed by the employing offices may, by so notifying one of the employing offices, select that em-ploying office to be the primary employing office of the employee for purposes of the ap-plication of paragraphs (d) and (e) of this sec-tion. 825.201 Leave to care for a parent. (a) General rule. An eligible employee is en-titled to FMLA leave if needed to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. Care for parents-in-law is not cov-ered by the FMLA. See 825.122(c) for defini-tion of parent. (b) Same employing office limitation. Spouses who are eligible for FMLA leave and are em-ployed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period if the leave is taken to care for the employee’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4500 June 22, 2016 
parent with a serious health condition, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after the birth, or for placement of a son or daughter with the em-ployee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement. This limita-tion on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same em-ploying office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where the spouses both use a portion of the total 12-week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a par-ent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a parent, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. See also 825.127(d). 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave schedule. (a) Definition. FMLA leave may be taken intermittently or on a reduced leave sched-ule under certain circumstances. Intermittent leave is FMLA leave taken in separate blocks of time due to a single qualifying reason. A reduced leave schedule is a leave schedule that reduces an employee’s usual number of work-ing hours per workweek, or hours per work-day. A reduced leave schedule is a change in the employee’s schedule for a period of time, normally from full-time to part-time. (b) Medical necessity. For intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule taken because of one’s own serious health condition, to care for a spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a serious health condition, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, there must be a medical need for leave and it must be that such medical need can be best accommo-dated through an intermittent or reduced leave schedule. The treatment regimen and other information described in the certifi-cation of a serious health condition and in the certification of a serious injury or ill-ness, if required by the employing office, ad-dresses the medical necessity of intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule. See 825.306, 825.310. Leave may be taken intermittently or on a reduced leave sched-ule when medically necessary for planned and/or unanticipated medical treatment of a serious health condition or of a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or for recovery from treatment or recovery from a serious health condition or a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. It may also be taken to provide care or psycho-logical comfort to a covered family member with a serious health condition or a covered servicemember with a serious injury or ill-ness. (1) Intermittent leave may be taken for a serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, for the employee’s own se-rious health condition, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember which re-quires treatment by a health care provider periodically, rather than for one continuous period of time, and may include leave of pe-riods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would in-clude leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken sev-eral days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. A pregnant employee may take leave intermit-tently for prenatal examinations or for her own condition, such as for periods of severe morning sickness. An example of an em-ployee taking leave on a reduced leave schedule is an employee who is recovering from a serious health condition and is not strong enough to work a full-time schedule. (2) Intermittent or reduced schedule leave may be taken for absences where the em-ployee or family member is incapacitated or unable to perform the essential functions of the position because of a chronic serious health condition or a serious injury or ill-ness of a covered servicemember, even if he or she does not receive treatment by a health care provider. See 825.113 and 825.127. (c) Birth or placement. When leave is taken after the birth of a healthy child or place-ment of a healthy child for adoption or fos-ter care, an employee may take leave inter-mittently or on a reduced leave schedule only if the employing office agrees. Such a schedule reduction might occur, for example, where an employee, with the employing of-fice’s agreement, works part-time after the birth of a child, or takes leave in several seg-ments. The employing office’s agreement is not required, however, for leave during which the expectant mother has a serious health condition in connection with the birth of her child or if the newborn child has a serious health condition. See 825.204 for rules governing transfer to an alternative position that better accommodates intermit-tent leave. See also 825.120 (pregnancy) and 825.121 (adoption and foster care). (d) Qualifying exigency. Leave due to a qualifying exigency may be taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. 825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or re-duced schedule leave. Eligible employees may take FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when medically necessary due to the serious health condition of a covered family member or the employee or the serious injury or ill-ness of a covered servicemember. See 825.202. Eligible employees may also take FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when necessary because of a qualifying exigency. If an employee needs leave inter-mittently or on a reduced leave schedule for planned medical treatment, then the em-ployee must make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations. 825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alter-native position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. (a) Transfer or reassignment. If an employee needs intermittent leave or leave on a re-duced leave schedule that is foreseeable based on planned medical treatment for the employee, a family member, or a covered servicemember, including during a period of recovery from one’s own serious health con-dition, a serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or if the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth of a child or for placement of a child for adoption or foster care, the employ-ing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is re-quired, to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates recurring peri-ods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. See 825.601 for special rules applica-ble to instructional employees of schools. (b) Compliance. Transfer to an alternative position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and Federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alternative position may include altering an existing job to bet-ter accommodate the employee’s need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave. (c) Equivalent pay and benefits. The alter- native position must have equivalent pay and benefits. An alternative position for these purposes does not have to have equiva-lent duties. The employing office may in-crease the pay and benefits of an existing al-ternative position, so as to make them equivalent to the pay and benefits of the em-ployee’s regular job. The employing office may also transfer the employee to a part- time job with the same hourly rate of pay and benefits, provided the employee is not required to take more leave than is medi-cally necessary. For example, an employee desiring to take leave in increments of four hours per day could be transferred to a half- time job, or could remain in the employee’s same job on a part-time schedule, paying the same hourly rate as the employee’s previous job and enjoying the same benefits. The em-ploying office may not eliminate benefits which otherwise would not be provided to part-time employees; however, an employing office may proportionately reduce benefits such as vacation leave where an employing office’s normal practice is to base such bene-fits on the number of hours worked. (d) Employing office limitations. An employ-ing office may not transfer the employee to an alternative position in order to discour-age the employee from taking leave or other-wise work a hardship on the employee. For example, a white collar employee may not be assigned to perform laborer’s work; an em-ployee working the day shift may not be re-assigned to the graveyard shift; an employee working in the headquarters facility may not be reassigned to a branch a significant distance away from the employee’s normal job location. Any such attempt on the part of the employing office to make such a transfer will be held to be contrary to the prohibited acts provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. (e) Reinstatement of employee. When an em-ployee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule and has been transferred to an alternative position no longer needs to continue on leave and is able to return to full-time work, the employee must be placed in the same or equivalent job as the job he or she left when the leave com-menced. An employee may not be required to take more leave than necessary to address the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. 825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave. (a) Minimum increment. (1) When an em-ployee takes FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, the employ-ing office must account for the leave using an increment no greater than the shortest period of time that the employing office uses to account for use of other forms of leave provided that it is not greater than one hour and provided further that an employee’s FMLA leave entitlement may not be reduced by more than the amount of leave actually taken. An employing office may not require an employee to take more leave than is nec-essary to address the circumstances that precipitated the need for the leave, provided that the leave is counted using the shortest increment of leave used to account for any other type of leave. See also 825.205(a)(2) for the physical impossibility exception, and 825.600 and 825.601 for special rules applicable to employees of schools. If an employing of-fice uses different increments to account for different types of leave, the employing office must account for FMLA leave in the small-est increment used to account for any other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4501 June 22, 2016 
type of leave. For example, if an employing office accounts for the use of annual leave in increments of one hour and the use of sick leave in increments of one-half hour, then FMLA leave use must be accounted for using increments no larger than one-half hour. If an employing office accounts for use of leave in varying increments at different times of the day or shift, the employing office may also account for FMLA leave in varying in-crements, provided that the increment used for FMLA leave is no greater than the small-est increment used for any other type of leave during the period in which the FMLA leave is taken. If an employing office ac-counts for other forms of leave use in incre-ments greater than one hour, the employing office must account for FMLA leave use in increments no greater than one hour. An em-ploying office may account for FMLA leave in shorter increments than used for other forms of leave. For example, an employing office that accounts for other forms of leave in one hour increments may account for FMLA leave in a shorter increment when the employee arrives at work several minutes late, and the employing office wants the em-ployee to begin work immediately. Such ac-counting for FMLA leave will not alter the increment considered to be the shortest pe-riod used to account for other forms of leave or the use of FMLA leave in other cir-cumstances. In all cases, employees may not be charged FMLA leave for periods during which they are working. (2) Where it is physically impossible for an employee using intermittent leave or work-ing a reduced leave schedule to commence or end work mid-way through a shift, such as where a flight attendant or a railroad con-ductor is scheduled to work aboard an air-plane or train, or a laboratory employee is unable to enter or leave a sealed ‘‘clean room’’ during a certain period of time and no equivalent position is available, the entire period that the employee is forced to be ab-sent is designated as FMLA leave and counts against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. The period of the physical impossibility is limited to the period during which the em-ploying office is unable to permit the em-ployee to work prior to a period of FMLA leave or return the employee to the same or equivalent position due to the physical im-possibility after a period of FMLA leave. See 825.214. (b) Calculation of leave. (1) When an em-ployee takes leave on an intermittent or re-duced leave schedule, only the amount of leave actually taken may be counted toward the employee’s leave entitlement. The actual workweek is the basis of leave entitlement. Therefore, if an employee who would other-wise work 40 hours a week takes off eight hours, the employee would use one-fifth (1/5) of a week of FMLA leave. Similarly, if a full- time employee who would otherwise work eight hour days works four-hour days under a reduced leave schedule, the employee would use one half (1/2) week of FMLA leave each week. Where an employee works a part- time schedule or variable hours, the amount of FMLA leave that an employee uses is de-termined on a pro rata or proportional basis. If an employee who would otherwise work 30 hours per week, but works only 20 hours a week under a reduced leave schedule, the employee’s 10 hours of leave would con-stitute one-third (1/3) of a week of FMLA leave for each week the employee works the reduced leave schedule. An employing office may convert these fractions to their hourly equivalent so long as the conversion equi-tably reflects the employee’s total normally scheduled hours. An employee does not ac-crue FMLA-protected leave at any particular hourly rate. An eligible employee is entitled to up to a total of 12 workweeks of leave, or 26 workweeks in the case of military care-giver leave, and the total number of hours contained in those workweeks is necessarily dependent on the specific hours the em-ployee would have worked but for the use of leave. See also 825.601 and 825.602 on special rules for schools. (2) If an employing office has made a per-manent or long-term change in the employ-ee’s schedule (for reasons other than FMLA, and prior to the notice of need for FMLA leave), the hours worked under the new schedule are to be used for making this cal-culation. (3) If an employee’s schedule varies from week to week to such an extent that an em-ploying office is unable to determine with any certainty how many hours the employee would otherwise have worked (but for the taking of FMLA leave), a weekly average of the hours worked over the 12 months prior to the beginning of the leave period (including any hours for which the employee took leave of any type) would be used for calculating the employee’s leave entitlement. (c) Overtime. If an employee would nor-mally be required to work overtime, but is unable to do so because of a FMLA-quali-fying reason that limits the employee’s abil-ity to work overtime, the hours which the employee would have been required to work may be counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. In such a case, the em-ployee is using intermittent or reduced schedule leave. For example, if an employee would normally be required to work for 48 hours in a particular week, but due to a seri-ous health condition the employee is unable to work more than 40 hours that week, the employee would utilize eight hours of FMLA-protected leave out of the 48-hour workweek, or one-sixth (1/6) of a week of FMLA leave. Voluntary overtime hours that an employee does not work due to an FMLA- qualifying reason may not be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA, as made applicable by the Congressional Account-ability Act. (a) Leave taken under FMLA, as made ap-plicable by the CAA, may be unpaid. If an employee is otherwise exempt from min-imum wage and overtime requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as made applicable by the CAA, and as exempt under regulations issued by the Board, at part 541, providing unpaid FMLA-qualifying leave to such an employee will not cause the employee to lose the FLSA exemption. This means that under regulations currently in effect, where an employee meets the speci-fied duties test, is paid on a salary basis, and is paid a salary of at least the amount speci-fied in the regulations, the employing office may make deductions from the employee’s salary for any hours taken as intermittent or reduced FMLA leave within a workweek, without affecting the exempt status of the employee. (b) For an employee paid in accordance with a fluctuating workweek method of pay-ment for overtime, where permitted by sec-tion 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), the em-ploying office, during the period in which intermittent or reduced schedule FMLA leave is scheduled to be taken, may com-pensate an employee on an hourly basis and pay only for the hours the employee works, including time and one-half the employee’s regular rate for overtime hours. The change to payment on an hourly basis would include the entire period during which the employee is taking intermittent leave, including weeks in which no leave is taken. The hourly rate shall be determined by dividing the em-ployee’s weekly salary by the employee’s normal or average schedule of hours worked during weeks in which FMLA leave is not being taken. If an employing office chooses to follow this exception from the fluctuating workweek method of payment, the employ-ing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all employees paid on a fluctuating work-week basis for whom FMLA leave is taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. If an employing office does not elect to convert the employee’s compensation to hourly pay, no deduction may be taken for FMLA leave absences. Once the need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave is over, the employee may be restored to pay-ment on a fluctuating workweek basis. (c) This special exception to the salary basis requirements of the FLSA exemption or fluctuating workweek payment require-ments applies only to employees of covered employing offices who are eligible for FMLA leave, and to leave which qualifies as FMLA leave. Hourly or other deductions which are not in accordance with the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or with a permissible fluctuating workweek method of payment for overtime may not be taken, for example, where the employee has not worked long enough to be eligible for FMLA leave with-out potentially affecting the employee’s eli-gibility for exemption. Nor may deductions which are not permitted by the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or by a permis-sible fluctuating workweek method of pay-ment for overtime be taken from such an employee’s salary for any leave which does not qualify as FMLA leave, for example, de-ductions from an employee’s pay for leave required under an employing office’s policy or practice for a reason which does not qual-ify as FMLA leave, e.g., leave to care for a grandparent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condi-tion or serious injury or illness; or for leave which is more generous than provided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Em-ploying offices may comply with the employ-ing office’s own policy/practice under these circumstances and maintain the employee’s eligibility for exemption or for the fluc-tuating workweek method of pay by not tak-ing hourly deductions from the employee’s pay, in accordance with FLSA requirements, as made applicable by the CAA, or may take such deductions, treating the employee as an hourly employee and pay overtime premium pay for hours worked over 40 in a workweek. 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. (a) Generally, FMLA leave is unpaid leave. However, under the circumstances described in this section, FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an eligible employee to choose to substitute accrued paid leave for FMLA leave. If an employee does not choose to substitute accrued paid leave, the employ-ing office may require the employee to sub-stitute accrued paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave. The term substitute means that the paid leave provided by the employing office, and accrued pursuant to established policies of the employing office, will run concur-rently with the unpaid FMLA leave. Accord-ingly, the employee receives pay pursuant to the employing office’s applicable paid leave policy during the period of otherwise unpaid FMLA leave. An employee’s ability to sub-stitute accrued paid leave is determined by the terms and conditions of the employing office’s normal leave policy. When an em-ployee chooses, or an employing office re-quires, substitution of accrued paid leave, the employing office must inform the em-ployee that the employee must satisfy any procedural requirements of the paid leave policy only in connection with the receipt of such payment. See 825.300(c). If an employee does not comply with the additional require-ments in an employing office’s paid leave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4502 June 22, 2016 
policy, the employee is not entitled to sub-stitute accrued paid leave, but the employee remains entitled to take unpaid FMLA leave. Employing offices may not discriminate against employees on FMLA leave in the ad-ministration of their paid leave policies. (b) If neither the employee nor the employ-ing office elects to substitute paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave under the above condi-tions and circumstances, the employee will remain entitled to all the paid leave which is earned or accrued under the terms of the em-ploying office’s plan. (c) If an employee uses paid leave under circumstances which do not qualify as FMLA leave, the leave will not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. For ex-ample, paid sick leave used for a medical condition which is not a serious health con-dition or serious injury or illness does not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. (d) Leave taken pursuant to a disability leave plan would be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition and counted in the leave entitlement permitted under FMLA if it meets the criteria set forth above in 825.112 through 825.115. In such cases, the employing office may designate the leave as FMLA leave and count the leave against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Be-cause leave pursuant to a disability benefit plan is not unpaid, the provision for substi-tution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is inapplicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substi-tution of paid leave. However, employing of-fices and employees may agree to have paid leave supplement the disability plan bene-fits, such as in the case where a plan only provides replacement income for two-thirds of an employee’s salary. (e) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, provides that a serious health condi-tion may result from injury to the employee on or off the job. If the employing office des-ignates the leave as FMLA leave in accord-ance with 825.300(d), the leave counts against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Be-cause the workers’ compensation absence is not unpaid, the provision for substitution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is not ap-plicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substi-tution of paid leave. However, employing of-fices and employees may agree, to have paid leave supplement workers’ compensation benefits, such as in the case where workers’ compensation only provides replacement in-come for two-thirds of an employee’s salary. If the health care provider treating the em-ployee for the workers’ compensation injury certifies the employee is able to return to a light duty job but is unable to return to the same or equivalent job, the employee may decline the employing office’s offer of a light duty job. As a result, the employee may lose workers’ compensation payments, but is en-titled to remain on unpaid FMLA leave until the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted. As of the date workers’ com-pensation benefits cease, the substitution provision becomes applicable and either the employee may elect or the employing office may require the use of accrued paid leave. See also 825.210(f), 825.216(d), 825.220(d), 825.307(a) and 825.702 (d)(1) and (2) regarding the relationship between workers’ compensa-tion absences and FMLA leave. (f) Under the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA, an employing office always has the right to cash out an employee’s compen-satory time or to require the employee to use the time. Therefore, if an employee re-quests and is permitted to use accrued com-pensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 825.208 [Removed and reserved] 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. (a) During any FMLA leave, an employing office must maintain the employee’s cov-erage under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program or any group health plan (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 at 26 U.S.C. 5000(b)(1)) on the same con-ditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously em-ployed during the entire leave period. All employing offices are subject to the require-ments of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health coverage. The definition of group health plan is set forth in 825.102. For purposes of FMLA, the term group health plan shall not include an insur-ance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: (1) No contributions are made by the em-ploying office; (2) Participation in the program is com-pletely voluntary for employees; (3) The sole functions of the employing of-fice with respect to the program are, without endorsing the program, to permit the insurer to publicize the program to employees, to collect premiums through payroll deductions and to remit them to the insurer; (4) The employing office receives no con-sideration in the form of cash or otherwise in connection with the program, other than reasonable compensation, excluding any profit, for administrative services actually rendered in connection with payroll deduc-tion; and (5) The premium charged with respect to such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. (b) The same group health plan benefits provided to an employee prior to taking FMLA leave must be maintained during the FMLA leave. For example, if family member coverage is provided to an employee, family member coverage must be maintained during the FMLA leave. Similarly, benefit coverage during FMLA leave for medical care, sur-gical care, hospital care, dental care, eye care, mental health counseling, substance abuse treatment, etc., must be maintained during leave if provided in an employing of-fice’s group health plan, including a supple-ment to a group health plan, whether or not provided through a flexible spending account or other component of a cafeteria plan. (c) If an employing office provides a new health plan or benefits or changes health benefits or plans while an employee is on FMLA leave, the employee is entitled to the new or changed plan/benefits to the same ex-tent as if the employee were not on leave. For example, if an employing office changes a group health plan so that dental care be-comes covered under the plan, an employee on FMLA leave must be given the same op-portunity as other employees to receive (or obtain) the dental care coverage. Any other plan changes (e.g., in coverage, premiums, deductibles, etc.) which apply to all employ-ees of the workforce would also apply to an employee on FMLA leave. (d) Notice of any opportunity to change plans or benefits must also be given to an employee on FMLA leave. If the group health plan permits an employee to change from single to family coverage upon the birth of a child or otherwise add new family members, such a change in benefits must be made available while an employee is on FMLA leave. If the employee requests the changed coverage it must be provided by the employing office. (e) An employee may choose not to retain group health plan coverage during FMLA leave. However, when an employee returns from leave, the employee is entitled to be re-instated on the same terms as prior to tak-ing the leave, including family or dependent coverages, without any qualifying period, physical examination, exclusion of pre-exist-ing conditions, etc. See 825.212(c). (f) Except as required by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA) or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is ap-plicable, and for key employees (as discussed below), an employing office’s obligation to maintain health benefits during leave (and to restore the employee to the same or equivalent employment) under FMLA ceases if and when the employment relationship would have terminated if the employee had not taken FMLA leave (e.g., if the employ-ee’s position is eliminated as part of a non-discriminatory reduction in force and the employee would not have been transferred to another position); an employee informs the employing office of his or her intent not to return from leave (including before starting the leave if the employing office is so in-formed before the leave starts); or the em-ployee fails to return from leave or con-tinues on leave after exhausting his or her FMLA leave entitlement in the 12-month pe-riod. (g) If a key employee (see 825.218) does not return from leave when notified by the em-ploying office that substantial or grievous economic injury will result from his or her reinstatement, the employee’s entitlement to group health plan benefits continues un-less and until the employee advises the em-ploying office that the employee does not de-sire restoration to employment at the end of the leave period, or the FMLA leave entitle-ment is exhausted, or reinstatement is actu-ally denied. (h) An employee’s entitlement to benefits other than group health benefits during a pe-riod of FMLA leave (e.g., holiday pay) is to be determined by the employing office’s es-tablished policy for providing such benefits when the employee is on other forms of leave (paid or unpaid, as appropriate). 825.210 Employee payment of group health benefit premiums. (a) Group health plan benefits must be maintained on the same basis as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. Therefore, any share of group health plan premiums which had been paid by the employee prior to FMLA leave must continue to be paid by the employee during the FMLA leave period. If premiums are raised or lowered, the employee would be required to pay the new premium rates. Maintenance of health insurance policies which are not a part of the employing of-fice’s group health plan, as described in 825.209(a), are the sole responsibility of the employee. The employee and the insurer should make necessary arrangements for payment of premiums during periods of un-paid FMLA leave. (b) If the FMLA leave is substituted paid leave, the employee’s share of premiums must be paid by the method normally used during any paid leave, presumably as a pay-roll deduction. (c) If FMLA leave is unpaid, the employing office has a number of options for obtaining payment from the employee. The employing office may require that payment be made to the employing office or to the insurance car-rier, but no additional charge may be added to the employee’s premium payment for ad-ministrative expenses. The employing office may require employees to pay their share of premium payments in any of the following ways: (1) Payment would be due at the same time as it would be made if by payroll deduction; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4503 June 22, 2016 
(2) Payment would be due on the same schedule as payments are made under COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is appli-cable; (3) Payment would be prepaid pursuant to a cafeteria plan at the employee’s option; (4) The employing office’s existing rules for payment by employees on leave without pay would be followed, provided that such rules do not require prepayment (i.e., prior to the commencement of the leave) of the pre-miums that will become due during a period of unpaid FMLA leave or payment of higher premiums than if the employee had contin-ued to work instead of taking leave; or (5) Another system voluntarily agreed to between the employing office and the em-ployee, which may include prepayment of premiums (e.g., through increased payroll de-ductions when the need for the FMLA leave is foreseeable). (d) The employing office must provide the employee with advance written notice of the terms and conditions under which these pay-ments must be made. See 825. 300(c). (e) An employing office may not require more of an employee using unpaid FMLA leave than the employing office requires of other employees on leave without pay. (f) An employee who is receiving payments as a result of a workers’ compensation injury must make arrangements with the employ-ing office for payment of group health plan benefits when simultaneously taking FMLA leave. See 825.207(e). 825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi- employer health plans. (a) A multi-employer health plan is a plan to which more than one employing office is required to contribute, and which is main-tained pursuant to one or more collective bargaining agreements between employee or-ganization(s) and the employing offices. (b) An employing office under a multi-em-ployer plan must continue to make contribu-tions on behalf of an employee using FMLA leave as though the employee had been con-tinuously employed, unless the plan contains an explicit FMLA provision for maintaining coverage such as through pooled contribu-tions by all employing offices party to the plan. (c) During the duration of an employee’s FMLA leave, coverage by the group health plan, and benefits provided pursuant to the plan, must be maintained at the level of cov-erage and benefits which were applicable to the employee at the time FMLA leave com-menced. (d) An employee using FMLA leave cannot be required to use banked hours or pay a greater premium than the employee would have been required to pay if the employee had been continuously employed. (e) As provided in 825.209(f) of this part, group health plan coverage must be main-tained for an employee on FMLA leave until: (1) The employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment is exhausted; (2) The employing office can show that the employee would have been laid off and the employment relationship terminated; or (3) The employee provides unequivocal no-tice of intent not to return to work. 825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan premium payments. (a) (1) In the absence of an established em-ploying office policy providing a longer grace period, an employing office’s obligations to maintain health insurance coverage cease under FMLA if an employee’s premium pay-ment is more than 30 days late. In order to drop the coverage for an employee whose premium payment is late, the employing of-fice must provide written notice to the em-ployee that the payment has not been re-ceived. Such notice must be mailed to the employee at least 15 days before coverage is to cease, advising that coverage will be dropped on a specified date at least 15 days after the date of the letter unless the pay-ment has been received by that date. If the employing office has established policies re-garding other forms of unpaid leave that pro-vide for the employing office to cease cov-erage retroactively to the date the unpaid premium payment was due, the employing office may drop the employee from coverage retroactively in accordance with that policy, provided the 15-day notice was given. In the absence of such a policy, coverage for the employee may be terminated at the end of the 30-day grace period, where the required 15-day notice has been provided. (2) An employing office has no obligation regarding the maintenance of a health insur-ance policy which is not a group health plan. See 825.209(a). (3) All other obligations of an employing office under FMLA would continue; for ex-ample, the employing office continues to have an obligation to reinstate an employee upon return from leave. (b) The employing office may recover the employee’s share of any premium payments missed by the employee for any FMLA leave period during which the employing office maintains health coverage by paying the em-ployee’s share after the premium payment is missed. (c) If coverage lapses because an employee has not made required premium payments, upon the employee’s return from FMLA leave the employing office must still restore the employee to coverage/benefits equivalent to those the employee would have had if leave had not been taken and the premium payment(s) had not been missed, including family or dependent coverage. See 825.215(d)(1)–(5). In such case, an employee may not be required to meet any qualifica-tion requirements imposed by the plan, in-cluding any new preexisting condition wait-ing period, to wait for an open season, or to pass a medical examination to obtain rein-statement of coverage. If an employing office terminates an employee’s insurance in ac-cordance with this section and fails to re-store the employee’s health insurance as re-quired by this section upon the employee’s return, the employing office may be liable for benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the violation, and for ap-propriate equitable relief tailored to the harm suffered. 825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit costs. (a) In addition to the circumstances dis-cussed in 825.212(b), an employing office may recover its share of health plan premiums during a period of unpaid FMLA leave from an employee if the employee fails to return to work after the employee’s FMLA leave en-titlement has been exhausted or expires, un-less the reason the employee does not return is due to: (1) The continuation, recurrence, or onset of either a serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, which would otherwise enti-tle the employee to leave under FMLA; or (2) Other circumstances beyond the em-ployee’s control. Examples of other cir-cumstances beyond the employee’s control are necessarily broad. They include such sit-uations as where a parent chooses to stay home with a newborn child who has a serious health condition; an employee’s spouse is un-expectedly transferred to a job location more than 75 miles from the employee’s worksite; a relative or individual other than a covered family member has a serious health condi-tion and the employee is needed to provide care; the employee is laid off while on leave; or, the employee is a key employee who de-cides not to return to work upon being noti-fied of the employing office’s intention to deny restoration because of substantial and grievous economic injury to the employing office’s operations and is not reinstated by the employing office. Other circumstances beyond the employee’s control would not in-clude a situation where an employee desires to remain with a parent in a distant city even though the parent no longer requires the employee’s care, or a parent chooses not to return to work to stay home with a well, newborn child. (3) When an employee fails to return to work because of the continuation, recur-rence, or onset of either a serious health con-dition of the employee or employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, thereby precluding the employing office from recovering its (share of) health benefit premium payments made on the employee’s behalf during a pe-riod of unpaid FMLA leave, the employing office may require medical certification of the employee’s or the family member’s seri-ous health condition or the covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. Such certification is not required unless re-quested by the employing office. The cost of the certification shall be borne by the em-ployee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. The employee is required to provide medical certification in a timely manner which, for purposes of this section, is within 30 days from the date of the employing office’s request. For purposes of medical certification, the employee may use the optional forms developed for this purpose. See 825.306(b), 825.310(c)–(d) and Forms A, B, and F. If the employing office requests medical certification and the em-ployee does not provide such certification in a timely manner (within 30 days), or the rea-son for not returning to work does not meet the test of other circumstances beyond the employee’s control, the employing office may recover 100 percent of the health benefit premiums it paid during the period of unpaid FMLA leave. (b) Under some circumstances an employ-ing office may elect to maintain other bene-fits, e.g., life insurance, disability insurance, etc., by paying the employee’s (share of) pre-miums during periods of unpaid FMLA leave. For example, to ensure the employing office can meet its responsibilities to provide equivalent benefits to the employee upon re-turn from unpaid FMLA leave, it may be necessary that premiums be paid continu-ously to avoid a lapse of coverage. If the em-ploying office elects to maintain such bene-fits during the leave, at the conclusion of leave, the employing office is entitled to re-cover only the costs incurred for paying the employee’s share of any premiums whether or not the employee returns to work. (c) An employee who returns to work for at least 30 calendar days is considered to have returned to work. An employee who trans-fers directly from taking FMLA leave to re-tirement, or who retires during the first 30 days after the employee returns to work, is deemed to have returned to work. (d) When an employee elects or an employ-ing office requires paid leave to be sub-stituted for FMLA leave, the employing of-fice may not recover its (share of) health in-surance or other non-health benefit pre-miums for any period of FMLA leave covered by paid leave. Because paid leave provided under a plan covering temporary disabilities (including workers’ compensation) is not un-paid, recovery of health insurance premiums does not apply to such paid leave. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4504 June 22, 2016 
(e) The amount that self-insured employ-ing offices may recover is limited to only the employing office’s share of allowable pre-miums as would be calculated under COBRA, excluding the two percent fee for administra-tive costs. (f) When an employee fails to return to work, any health and non-health benefit pre-miums which this section of the regulations permits an employing office to recover are a debt owed by the non-returning employee to the employing office. The existence of this debt caused by the employee’s failure to re-turn to work does not alter the employing office’s responsibilities for health benefit coverage and, under a self-insurance plan, payment of claims incurred during the pe-riod of FMLA leave. To the extent recovery is allowed, the employing office may recover the costs through deduction from any sums due to the employee (e.g., unpaid wages, va-cation pay, etc.), provided such deductions do not otherwise violate applicable wage pay-ment or other laws. Alternatively, the em-ploying office may initiate legal action against the employee to recover such costs. 825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. General Rule. On return from FMLA leave, an employee is entitled to be returned to the same position the employee held when leave commenced, or to an equivalent position with equivalent benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. An em-ployee is entitled to such reinstatement even if the employee has been replaced or his or her position has been restructured to accom-modate the employee’s absence. See also 825.106(e) for the obligations of employing of-fices that are joint employers. 825.215 Equivalent position. (a) Equivalent position. An equivalent posi-tion is one that is virtually identical to the employee’s former position in terms of pay, benefits and working conditions, including privileges, prerequisites and status. It must involve the same or substantially similar du-ties and responsibilities, which must entail substantially equivalent skill, effort, respon-sibility, and authority. (b) Conditions to qualify. If an employee is no longer qualified for the position because of the employee’s inability to attend a nec-essary course, renew a license, etc., as a re- sult of the leave, the employee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to fulfill those con-ditions upon return to work. (c) Equivalent Pay. (1) An employee is enti-tled to any unconditional pay increases which may have occurred during the FMLA leave period, such as cost of living increases. Pay increases conditioned upon seniority, length of service, or work performed must be granted in accordance with the employing office’s policy or practice with respect to other employees on an equivalent leave sta-tus for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. An employee is entitled to be restored to a position with the same or equivalent pay premiums, such as a shift dif-ferential. If an employee departed from a po-sition averaging ten hours of overtime (and corresponding overtime pay) each week, an employee is ordinarily entitled to such a po-sition on return from FMLA leave. (2) Equivalent pay includes any bonus or payment, whether it is discretionary or non- discretionary, made to employees consistent with the provisions of paragraph (c)(1) of this section. However, if a bonus or other pay-ment is based on the achievement of a speci-fied goal such as hours worked, products sold or perfect attendance, and the employee has not met the goal due to FMLA leave, then the payment may be denied, unless otherwise paid to employees on an equivalent leave status for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. For example, if an employee who used paid vacation leave for a non- FMLA purpose would receive the payment, then the employee who used paid vacation leave for an FMLA-protected purpose also must receive the payment. (d) Equivalent benefits. Benefits include all benefits provided or made available to em-ployees by an employing office, including group life insurance, health insurance, dis-ability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational benefits, and pensions, regard-less of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office through an employee benefit plan. (1) At the end of an employee’s FMLA leave, benefits must be resumed in the same manner and at the same levels as provided when the leave began, and subject to any changes in benefit levels that may have taken place during the period of FMLA leave affecting the entire work force, unless other-wise elected by the employee. Upon return from FMLA leave, an employee cannot be re-quired to requalify for any benefits the em-ployee enjoyed before FMLA leave began (in-cluding family or dependent coverages). For example, if an employee was covered by a life insurance policy before taking leave but is not covered or coverage lapses during the period of unpaid FMLA leave, the employee cannot be required to meet any qualifica-tions, such as taking a physical examina-tion, in order to requalify for life insurance upon return from leave. Accordingly, some employing offices may find it necessary to modify life insurance and other benefits pro-grams in order to restore employees to equivalent benefits upon return from FMLA leave, make arrangements for continued payment of costs to maintain such benefits during unpaid FMLA leave, or pay these costs subject to recovery from the employee on return from leave. See 825.213(b). (2) An employee may, but is not entitled to, accrue any additional benefits or senior-ity during unpaid FMLA leave. Benefits ac-crued at the time leave began, however, ( e.g., paid vacation, sick or personal leave to the extent not substituted for FMLA leave) must be available to an employee upon return from leave. (3) If, while on unpaid FMLA leave, an em-ployee desires to continue life insurance, dis-ability insurance, or other types of benefits for which he or she typically pays, the em-ploying office is required to follow estab-lished policies or practices for continuing such benefits for other instances of leave without pay. If the employing office has no established policy, the employee and the em-ploying office are encouraged to agree upon arrangements before FMLA leave begins. (4) With respect to pension and other re-tirement plans, any period of unpaid FMLA leave shall not be treated as or counted to-ward a break in service for purposes of vest-ing and eligibility to participate. Also, if the plan requires an employee to be employed on a specific date in order to be credited with a year of service for vesting, contributions or participation purposes, an employee on un-paid FMLA leave on that date shall be deemed to have been employed on that date. However, unpaid FMLA leave periods need not be treated as credited service for pur-poses of benefit accrual, vesting and eligi-bility to participate. (5) Employees on unpaid FMLA leave are to be treated as if they continued to work for purposes of changes to benefit plans. They are entitled to changes in benefits plans, ex-cept those which may be dependent upon se-niority or accrual during the leave period, immediately upon return from leave or to the same extent they would have qualified if no leave had been taken. For example if the benefit plan is predicated on a pre-estab-lished number of hours worked each year and the employee does not have sufficient hours as a result of taking unpaid FMLA leave, the benefit is lost. (In this regard, 825.209 ad-dresses health benefits.) (e) Equivalent terms and conditions of em-ployment. An equivalent position must have substantially similar duties, conditions, re-sponsibilities, privileges and status as the employee’s original position. (1) The employee must be reinstated to the same or a geographically proximate worksite (i.e., one that does not involve a significant increase in commuting time or distance) from where the employee had previously been employed. If the employee’s original worksite has been closed, the employee is en-titled to the same rights as if the employee had not been on leave when the worksite closed. For example, if an employing office transfers all employees from a closed work-site to a new worksite in a different city, the employee on leave is also entitled to transfer under the same conditions as if he or she had continued to be employed. (2) The employee is ordinarily entitled to return to the same shift or the same or an equivalent work schedule. (3) The employee must have the same or an equivalent opportunity for bonuses, and other similar discretionary and non-discre-tionary payments. (4) FMLA does not prohibit an employing office from accommodating an employee’s request to be restored to a different shift, schedule, or position which better suits the employee’s personal needs on return from leave, or to offer a promotion to a better po-sition. However, an employee cannot be in-duced by the employing office to accept a different position against the employee’s wishes. (f) De minimis exception. The requirement that an employee be restored to the same or equivalent job with the same or equivalent pay, benefits, and terms and conditions of employment does not extend to de minimis, intangible, or unmeasurable aspects of the job. 825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to reinstatement. (a) An employee has no greater right to re-instatement or to other benefits and condi-tions of employment than if the employee had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. An employing office must be able to show that an employee would not otherwise have been employed at the time reinstatement is requested in order to deny restoration to employment. For ex-ample: (1) If an employee is laid off during the course of taking FMLA leave and employ-ment is terminated, the employing office’s responsibility to continue FMLA leave, maintain group health plan benefits and re-store the employee ceases at the time the employee is laid off, provided the employing office has no continuing obligations under a collective bargaining agreement or other-wise. An employing office would have the burden of proving that an employee would have been laid off during the FMLA leave pe-riod and, therefore, would not be entitled to restoration. Restoration to a job slated for lay-off when the employee’s original position is not would not meet the requirements of an equivalent position. (2) If a shift has been eliminated, or over-time has been decreased, an employee would not be entitled to return to work that shift or the original overtime hours upon restora-tion. However, if a position on, for example, a night shift has been filled by another em-ployee, the employee is entitled to return to the same shift on which employed before taking FMLA leave. (3) If an employee was hired for a specific term or only to perform work on a discrete 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4505 June 22, 2016 
project, the employing office has no obliga-tion to restore the employee if the employ-ment term or project is over and the employ-ing office would not otherwise have contin-ued to employ the employee. On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the work was assigned to another em-ploying office, the successor employing of-fice may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office. (b) In addition to the circumstances ex-plained above, an employing office may deny job restoration to salaried eligible employees (key employees, as defined in 825.217(c)), if such denial is necessary to prevent substan-tial and grievous economic injury to the op-erations of the employing office; or may delay restoration to an employee who fails to provide a fitness-for-duty certificate to return to work under the conditions de-scribed in 825.312. (c) If the employee is unable to perform an essential function of the position because of a physical or mental condition, including the continuation of a serious health condition or an injury or illness also covered by workers’ compensation, the employee has no right to restoration to another position under the FMLA. The employing office’s obligations may, however, be governed by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA. See 825.702. (d) An employee who fraudulently obtains FMLA leave from an employing office is not protected by the job restoration or mainte-nance of health benefits provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. (e) If the employing office has a uniformly- applied policy governing outside or supple-mental employment, such a policy may con-tinue to apply to an employee while on FMLA leave. An employing office which does not have such a policy may not deny benefits to which an employee is entitled under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, on this basis unless the FMLA leave was fraudu-lently obtained as in paragraph (d) of this section. 825.217 Key employee, general rule. (a) A key employee is a salaried FMLA-eligi-ble employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. (b) The term salaried means paid on a sal-ary basis, within the meaning of the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541, implementing section 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), regard-ing employees who may qualify as exempt from the minimum wage and overtime re-quirements of the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA. (c) A key employee must be among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employ-ees—both salaried and non-salaried, eligible and ineligible—who are employed by the em-ploying office within 75 miles of the work-site. (1) In determining which employees are among the highest paid 10 percent, year- to- date earnings are divided by weeks worked by the employee (including weeks in which paid leave was taken). Earnings include wages, premium pay, incentive pay, and non- discretionary and discretionary bonuses. Earnings do not include incentives whose value is determined at some future date, e.g., benefits or prerequisites. (2) The determination of whether a salaried employee is among the highest paid 10 per-cent shall be made at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave. No more than 10 percent of the employing office’s em-ployees within 75 miles of the worksite may be key employees. 825.218 Substantial and grievous economic injury. (a) In order to deny restoration to a key employee, an employing office must deter-mine that the restoration of the employee to employment will cause substantial and grievous economic injury to the operations of the employing office, not whether the ab-sence of the employee will cause such sub-stantial and grievous injury. (b) An employing office may take into ac-count its ability to replace on a temporary basis (or temporarily do without) the em-ployee on FMLA leave. If permanent replace-ment is unavoidable, the cost of then rein-stating the employee can be considered in evaluating whether substantial and grievous economic injury will occur from restoration; in other words, the effect on the operations of the employing office of reinstating the employee in an equivalent position. (c) A precise test cannot be set for the level of hardship or injury to the employing office which must be sustained. If the rein-statement of a key employee threatens the economic viability of the employing office, that would constitute substantial and griev-ous economic injury. A lesser injury which causes substantial, long-term economic in-jury would also be sufficient. Minor incon-veniences and costs that the employing of-fice would experience in the normal course would certainly not constitute substantial and grievous economic injury. (d) FMLA’s substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury standard is different from and more stringent than the undue hardship test under the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA. See also 825.702. 825.219 Rights of a key employee. (a) An employing office that believes that reinstatement may be denied to a key em-ployee, must give written notice to the em-ployee at the time the employee gives notice of the need for FMLA leave (or when FMLA leave commences, if earlier) that he or she qualifies as a key employee. At the same time, the employing office must also fully inform the employee of the potential con-sequences with respect to reinstatement and maintenance of health benefits if the em-ploying office should determine that sub-stantial and grievous economic injury to the employing office’s operations will result if the employee is reinstated from FMLA leave. If such notice cannot be given imme-diately because of the need to determine whether the employee is a key employee, it shall be given as soon as practicable after being notified of a need for leave (or the commencement of leave, if earlier). It is ex-pected that in most circumstances there will be no desire that an employee be denied res-toration after FMLA leave and, therefore, there would be no need to provide such no-tice. However, an employing office who fails to provide such timely notice will lose its right to deny restoration even if substantial and grievous economic injury will result from reinstatement. (b) As soon as an employing office makes a good faith determination, based on the facts available, that substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury to its operations will result if a key employee who has given notice of the need for FMLA leave or is using FMLA leave is reinstated, the employing office shall no-tify the employee in writing of its deter-mination, that it cannot deny FMLA leave, and that it intends to deny restoration to employment on completion of the FMLA leave. It is anticipated that an employing of-fice will ordinarily be able to give such no-tice prior to the employee starting leave. The employing office must serve this notice either in person or by certified mail. This no-tice must explain the basis for the employing office’s finding that substantial and grievous economic injury will result, and, if leave has commenced, must provide the employee a reasonable time in which to return to work, taking into account the circumstances, such as the length of the leave and the urgency of the need for the employee to return. (c) If an employee on leave does not return to work in response to the employing office’s notification of intent to deny restoration, the employee continues to be entitled to maintenance of health benefits and the em-ploying office may not recover its cost of health benefit premiums. A key employee’s rights under FMLA continue unless and until the employee either gives notice that he or she no longer wishes to return to work, or the employing office actually denies rein-statement at the conclusion of the leave pe-riod. (d) After notice to an employee has been given that substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury will result if the employee is reinstated to employment, an employee is still entitled to request reinstatement at the end of the leave period even if the employee did not return to work in response to the em-ploying office’s notice. The employing office must then again determine whether there will be substantial and grievous economic in-jury from reinstatement, based on the facts at that time. If it is determined that sub-stantial and grievous economic injury will result, the employing office shall notify the employee in writing (in person or by cer-tified mail) of the denial of restoration. 825.220 Protection for employees who request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. (a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, prohibits interference with an employ-ee’s rights under the law, and with legal pro-ceedings or inquiries relating to an employ-ee’s rights. More specifically, the law con-tains the following employee protections: (1) An employing office is prohibited from interfering with, restraining, or denying the exercise of (or attempts to exercise) any rights provided by the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA. (2) An employing office is prohibited from discharging or in any other way discrimi-nating against any covered employee (wheth-er or not an eligible employee) for opposing or complaining about any unlawful practice under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. (3) All employing offices are prohibited from discharging or in any other way dis-criminating against any covered employee (whether or not an eligible employee) be-cause that covered employee has— (i) Filed any charge, or has instituted (or caused to be instituted) any proceeding under or related to the FMLA, as made ap-plicable by the CAA; (ii) Given, or is about to give, any informa-tion in connection with an inquiry or pro-ceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA; (iii) Testified, or is about to testify, in any inquiry or proceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. (b) Any violations of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or of these regula-tions constitute interfering with, restrain-ing, or denying the exercise of rights pro-vided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the vio-lation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See 825.400(c). Interfering with the exercise of an employee’s rights would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4506 June 22, 2016 
include, for example, not only refusing to au-thorize FMLA leave, but discouraging an em-ployee from using such leave. It would also include manipulation by a covered employ-ing office to avoid responsibilities under FMLA, for example: (1) [Reserved] (2) Changing the essential functions of the job in order to preclude the taking of leave; or (3) Reducing hours available to work in order to avoid employee eligibility. (c) The FMLA’s prohibition against inter-ference prohibits an employing office from discriminating or retaliating against an em-ployee or prospective employee for having exercised or attempted to exercise FMLA rights. For example, if an employee on leave without pay would otherwise be entitled to full benefits (other than health benefits), the same benefits would be required to be pro-vided to an employee on unpaid FMLA leave. By the same token, employing offices cannot use the taking of FMLA leave as a negative factor in employment actions, such as hir-ing, promotions or disciplinary actions; nor can FMLA leave be counted under no fault attendance policies. See 825.215. (d) Employees cannot waive, nor may em-ploying offices induce employees to waive, their rights under FMLA. For example, em-ployees (or their collective bargaining rep-resentatives) cannot trade off the right to take FMLA leave against some other benefit offered by the employing office. Except for settlement agreements covered by 1414 and/ or 1415 of the Congressional Accountability Act, this does not prevent the settlement or release of FMLA claims by employees based on past employing office conduct without the approval of the Office of Compliance or a court. Nor does it prevent an employee’s vol-untary and uncoerced acceptance (not as a condition of employment) of a light duty as-signment while recovering from a serious health condition. See 825.702(d). An employ-ee’s acceptance of such light duty assign-ment does not constitute a waiver of the em-ployee’s prospective rights, including the right to be restored to the same position the employee held at the time the employee’s FMLA leave commenced or to an equivalent position. The employee’s right to restora-tion, however, ceases at the end of the appli-cable 12–month FMLA leave year. (e) Covered employees, and not merely eli-gible employees, are protected from retalia-tion for opposing (e.g., filing a complaint about) any practice which is unlawful under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. They are similarly protected if they oppose any practice which they reasonably believe to be a violation of the FMLA, as made ap-plicable by the CAA, or regulations. SUBPART C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA 825.300 Employing office notice require-ments. (a)(1) If an employing office has any eligi-ble employees and has any written guidance to employees concerning employee benefits or leave rights, such as in an employee hand-book, information concerning both entitle-ments and employee obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, must be included in the handbook or other docu-ment. For example, if an employing office provides an employee handbook to all em-ployees that describes the employing office’s policies regarding leave, wages, attendance, and similar matters, the handbook must in-corporate information on FMLA rights and responsibilities and the employing office’s policies regarding the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA. Informational publica-tions describing the provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, are available from the Office of Compliance and may be in-corporated in such employing office hand-books or written policies. (2) If such an employing office does not have written policies, manuals, or handbooks describing employee benefits and leave pro-visions, the employing office shall provide written guidance to an employee concerning all the employee’s rights and obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. This notice shall be provided to em-ployees each time notice is given pursuant to paragraph (c), and in accordance with the provisions of that paragraph. Employing of-fices may duplicate and provide the em-ployee a copy of the FMLA Fact Sheet avail-able from the Office of Compliance to pro-vide such guidance. (b) Eligibility notice. (1) When an employee requests FMLA leave, or when the employing office acquires knowledge that an employee’s leave may be for an FMLA-qualifying reason, the employing office must notify the em-ployee of the employee’s eligibility to take FMLA leave within five business days, ab-sent extenuating circumstances. See 825.110 for definition of an eligible employee. Em-ployee eligibility is determined (and notice must be provided) at the commencement of the first instance of leave for each FMLA- qualifying reason in the applicable 12–month period. See 825.127(c) and 825.200(b). All FMLA absences for the same qualifying reason are considered a single leave and employee eligi-bility as to that reason for leave does not change during the applicable 12-month pe-riod. (2) The eligibility notice must state wheth-er the employee is eligible for FMLA leave as defined in 825.110. If the employee is not eligible for FMLA leave, the notice must state at least one reason why the employee is not eligible, including as applicable the number of months the employee has been employed by the employing office and the hours of service with the employing office during the 12-month period. Notification of eligibility may be oral or in writing; employ-ing offices may use Form C to provide such notification to employees. (3) If, at the time an employee provides no-tice of a subsequent need for FMLA leave during the applicable 12-month period due to a different FMLA-qualifying reason, and the employee’s eligibility status has not changed, no additional eligibility notice is required. If, however, the employee’s eligi-bility status has changed (e.g., if the em- ployee has not met the hours of service re-quirement in the 12 months preceding the commencement of leave for the subsequent qualifying reason), the employing office must notify the employee of the change in eligibility status within five business days, absent extenuating circumstances. (c) Rights and responsibilities notice. (1) Em- ploying offices shall provide written notice detailing the specific expectations and obli-gations of the employee and explaining any consequences of a failure to meet these obli-gations. This notice shall be provided to the employee each time the eligibility notice is provided pursuant to paragraph (b) of this section. If leave has already begun, the no-tice should be mailed to the employee’s ad-dress of record. Such specific notice must in-clude, as appropriate: (i) That the leave may be designated and counted against the employee’s annual FMLA leave entitlement if qualifying ( see 825.300(c) and 825.301) and the applicable 12- month period for FMLA entitlement ( see 825.127(c), 825.200(b), (f), and (g)); (ii) Any requirements for the employee to furnish certification of a serious health con-dition, serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency arising out of covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and the consequences of failing to do so ( see 825.305, 825.309, 825.310, 825.313); (iii) The employee’s right to substitute paid leave, whether the employing office will require the substitution of paid leave, the conditions related to any substitution, and the employee’s entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if the employee does not meet the conditions for paid leave (see 825.207); (iv) Any requirement for the employee to make any premium payments to maintain health benefits and the arrangements for making such payments (see 825.210), and the possible consequences of failure to make such payments on a timely basis ( i.e., the circumstances under which coverage may lapse); (v) The employee’s status as a key em-ployee and the potential consequence that restoration may be denied following FMLA leave, explaining the conditions required for such denial (see 825.218); (vi) The employee’s right to maintenance of benefits during the FMLA leave and res-toration to the same or an equivalent job upon return from FMLA leave (see 825.214 and 825.604); and (vii) The employee’s potential liability for payment of health insurance premiums paid by the employing office during the employ-ee’s unpaid FMLA leave if the employee fails to return to work after taking FMLA leave (see 825.213). (2) The notice of rights and responsibilities may include other information— e.g., wheth- er the employing office will require periodic reports of the employee’s status and intent to return to work—but is not required to do so. (3) The notice of rights and responsibilities may be accompanied by any required certifi-cation form. (4) If the specific information provided by the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, the employing office shall, within five business days of receipt of the employ-ee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, provide written notice ref-erencing the prior notice and setting forth any of the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities that has changed. For example, if the initial leave period was paid leave and the subsequent leave period would be unpaid leave, the employing office may need to give notice of the arrangements for making premium payments. (5) Employing offices are also expected to responsively answer questions from employ-ees concerning their rights and responsibil-ities under the FMLA, as made applicable under the CAA. (6) A prototype notice of rights and respon-
sibilities may be obtained in Form C, or from the Office of Compliance. Employing of-fices may adapt the prototype notice as ap-propriate to meet these notice requirements. The notice of rights and responsibilities may be distributed electronically so long as it otherwise meets the requirements of this section. (d) Designation notice. (1) The employing of-fice is responsible in all circumstances for designating leave as FMLA-qualifying, and for giving notice of the designation to the employee as provided in this section. When the employing office has enough information to determine whether the leave is being taken for a FMLA-qualifying reason ( e.g., after receiving a certification), the employ-ing office must notify the employee whether the leave will be designated and will be counted as FMLA leave within five business days absent extenuating circumstances. Only one notice of designation is required for each FMLA-qualifying reason per applicable 12– month period, regardless of whether the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4507 June 22, 2016 
leave taken due to the qualifying reason will be a continuous block of leave or intermit-tent or reduced schedule leave. If the em-ploying office determines that the leave will not be designated as FMLA-qualifying ( e.g., if the leave is not for a reason covered by FMLA or the FMLA leave entitlement has been exhausted), the employing office must notify the employee of that determination. If the employing office requires paid leave to be substituted for unpaid FMLA leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employ-ing office must inform the employee of this designation at the time of designating the FMLA leave. (2) If the employing office has sufficient in-formation to designate the leave as FMLA leave immediately after receiving notice of the employee’s need for leave, the employing office may provide the employee with the designation notice at that time. (3) If the employing office will require the employee to present a fitness-for-duty cer-tification to be restored to employment, the employing office must provide notice of such requirement with the designation notice. If the employing office will require that the fitness-for-duty certification address the em-ployee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position, the em-ploying office must so indicate in the des-ignation notice, and must include a list of the essential functions of the employee’s po-sition. See 825.312. If the employing office’s handbook or other written documents (if any) describing the employing office’s leave policies clearly provide that a fitness-for- duty certification will be required in specific circumstances (e.g., by stating that fitness- for-duty certification will be required in all cases of back injuries for employees in a cer-tain occupation), the employing office is not required to provide written notice of the re-quirement with the designation notice, but must provide oral notice no later than with the designation notice. (4) The designation notice must be in writ-ing. A prototype designation notice is con-tained in Form D which may be obtained from the Office of Compliance. If the leave is not designated as FMLA leave because it does not meet the requirements of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the notice to the employee that the leave is not designated as FMLA leave may be in the form of a simple written statement. The des-ignation notice may be distributed electroni-cally so long as it otherwise meets the re-quirements of this section and the employing office can demonstrate that the employee (who may already be on leave and who may not have access to employing office-provided computers) has access to the information electronically. (5) If the information provided by the em-ploying office to the employee in the des-ignation notice changes (e.g., the employee exhausts the FMLA leave entitlement), the employing office shall provide, within five business days of receipt of the employee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, written notice of the change. (6) The employing office must notify the employee of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. If the amount of leave needed is known at the time the employing office des-ignates the leave as FMLA-qualifying, the employing office must notify the employee of the number of hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement in the designation notice. If it is not possible to provide the hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), then the employing of-fice must provide notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement upon the request by the employee, but no more often than once in a 30–day period and only if leave was taken in that period. The notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement may be oral or in writing. If such notice is oral, it shall be confirmed in writing no later than the following payday (unless the payday is less than one week after the oral notice, in which case the no-tice must be no later than the subsequent payday). Such written notice may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub. (e) Consequences of failing to provide notice. Failure to follow the notice requirements set forth in this section may constitute an inter-ference with, restraint, or denial of the exer-cise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An em-ploying office may be liable for compensa-tion and benefits lost by reason of the viola-tion, for other actual monetary losses sus-tained as a direct result of the violation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, in-cluding employment, reinstatement, pro-motion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See 825.400(c). 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. (a) Employing office responsibilities. The em- ploying office’s decision to designate leave as FMLA-qualifying must be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s spokesperson (e.g., if the em- ployee is incapacitated, the employee’s spouse, adult child, parent, doctor, etc., may provide notice to the employing office of the need to take FMLA leave). In any cir-cumstance where the employing office does not have sufficient information about the reason for an employee’s use of leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or the spokesperson to ascer-tain whether leave is potentially FMLA- qualifying. Once the employing office has ac-quired knowledge that the leave is being taken for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the em-ploying office must notify the employee as provided in 825.300(d). (b) Employee responsibilities. An employee giving notice of the need for FMLA leave does not need to expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA to meet his or her obligation to provide notice, though the employee would need to state a quali-fying reason for the needed leave and other-wise satisfy the notice requirements set forth in 825.302 or 825.303 depending on whether the need for leave is foreseeable or unforeseeable. An employee giving notice of the need for FMLA leave must explain the reasons for the needed leave so as to allow the employing office to determine whether the leave qualifies under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. If the employee fails to explain the reasons, leave may be denied. In many cases, in explaining the reasons for a request to use leave, especially when the need for the leave was unexpected or unfore-seen, an employee will provide sufficient in-formation for the employing office to des-ignate the leave as FMLA leave. An em-ployee using accrued paid leave may in some cases not spontaneously explain the reasons or their plans for using their accrued leave. However, if an employee requesting to use paid leave for a FMLA-qualifying reason does not explain the reason for the leave and the employing office denies the employee’s request, the employee will need to provide sufficient information to establish a FMLA- qualifying reason for the needed leave so that the employing office is aware that the leave may not be denied and may designate that the paid leave be appropriately counted against (substituted for) the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Similarly, an em-ployee using accrued paid vacation leave who seeks an extension of unpaid leave for a FMLA-qualifying reason will need to state the reason. If this is due to an event which occurred during the period of paid leave, the employing office may count the leave used after the FMLA-qualifying reason against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. (c) Disputes. If there is a dispute between an employing office and an employee as to whether leave qualifies as FMLA leave, it should be resolved through discussions be-tween the employee and the employing of-fice. Such discussions and the decision must be documented. (d) Retroactive designation. If an employing office does not designate leave as required by 825.300, the employing office may retro-actively designate leave as FMLA leave with appropriate notice to the employee as re-quired by 825.300 provided that the employ-ing office’s failure to timely designate leave does not cause harm or injury to the em-ployee. In all cases where leave would qual-ify for FMLA protections, an employing of-fice and an employee can mutually agree that leave be retroactively designated as FMLA leave. (e) Remedies. If an employing office’s fail-ure to timely designate leave in accordance with 825.300 causes the employee to suffer harm, it may constitute an interference with, restraint of, or denial of the exercise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the violation, and for appro-priate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suf-fered. See 825.400(c). For example, if an em-ploying office that was put on notice that an employee needed FMLA leave failed to des-ignate the leave properly, but the employee’s own serious health condition prevented him or her from returning to work during that time period regardless of the designation, an employee may not be able to show that the employee suffered harm as a result of the employing office’s actions. However, if an employee took leave to provide care for a son or daughter with a serious health condi-tion believing it would not count toward his or her FMLA entitlement, and the employee planned to later use that FMLA leave to pro-vide care for a spouse who would need assist-ance when recovering from surgery planned for a later date, the employee may be able to show that harm has occurred as a result of the employing office’s failure to designate properly. The employee might establish this by showing that he or she would have ar-ranged for an alternative caregiver for the seriously-ill son or daughter if the leave had been designated timely. 825.302 Employee notice requirements for foreseeable FMLA leave. (a) Timing of notice. An employee must pro-vide the employing office at least 30 days ad-vance notice before FMLA leave is to begin if the need for the leave is foreseeable based on an expected birth, placement for adoption or foster care, planned medical treatment for a serious health condition of the employee or of a family member, or the planned medical treatment for a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember. If 30 days notice is not practicable, such as because of a lack of knowledge of approximately when leave will be required to begin, a change in cir-cumstances, or a medical emergency, notice must be given as soon as practicable. For ex-ample, an employee’s health condition may require leave to commence earlier than an-ticipated before the birth of a child. Simi-larly, little opportunity for notice may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4508 June 22, 2016 
given before placement for adoption. For foreseeable leave due to a qualifying exi-gency, notice must be provided as soon as practicable, regardless of how far in advance such leave is foreseeable. Whether FMLA leave is to be continuous or is to be taken intermittently or on a reduced schedule basis, notice need only be given one time, but the employee shall advise the employing office as soon as practicable if dates of scheduled leave change or are extended, or were initially unknown. In those cases where the employee is required to provide at least 30 days notice of foreseeable leave and does not do so, the employee shall explain the reasons why such notice was not practicable upon a request from the employing office for such information. (b) As soon as practicable means as soon as both possible and practical, taking into ac-count all of the facts and circumstances in the individual case. When an employee be-comes aware of a need for FMLA leave less than 30 days in advance, it should be prac-ticable for the employee to provide notice of the need for leave either the same day or the next business day. In all cases, however, the determination of when an employee could practicably provide notice must take into account the individual facts and cir-cumstances. (c) Content of notice. An employee shall provide at least verbal notice sufficient to make the employing office aware that the employee needs FMLA-qualifying leave, and the anticipated timing and duration of the leave. Depending on the situation, such in-formation may include that a condition ren-ders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job; that the employee is pregnant or has been hospitalized overnight; whether the employee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider; if the leave is due to a qualifying exigency, that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty), and that the requested leave is for one of the reasons listed in 825.126(b); if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family member unable to perform daily activities, or that the fam-ily member is a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness; and the antici-pated duration of the absence, if known. When an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the em-ployee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA. When an em-ployee seeks leave due to a FMLA-qualifying reason, for which the employing office has previously provided FMLA-protected leave, the employee must specifically reference the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. In all cases, the employing of-fice should inquire further of the employee if it is necessary to have more information about whether FMLA leave is being sought by the employee, and obtain the necessary details of the leave to be taken. In the case of medical conditions, the employing office may find it necessary to inquire further to determine if the leave is because of a serious health condition and may request medical certification to support the need for such leave. See 825.305. An employing office may also request certification to support the need for leave for a qualifying exigency or for military caregiver leave. See 825.309, 825.310. When an employee has been previously cer-tified for leave due to more than one FMLA- qualifying reason, the employing office may need to inquire further to determine for which qualifying reason the leave is needed. An employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially FMLA-qualifying. Failure to respond to rea-sonable employing office inquiries regarding the leave request may result in denial of FMLA protection if the employing office is unable to determine whether the leave is FMLA-qualifying. (d) Complying with the employing office pol-icy. An employing office may require an em-ployee to comply with the employing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For example, an em-ploying office may require that written no-tice set forth the reasons for the requested leave, the anticipated duration of the leave, and the anticipated start of the leave. An employee also may be required by an em-ploying office’s policy to contact a specific individual. Unusual circumstances would in-clude situations such as when an employee is unable to comply with the employing office’s policy that requests for leave should be made by contacting a specific number because on the day the employee needs to provide notice of his or her need for FMLA leave there is no one to answer the call-in number and the voice mail box is full. Where an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and procedural requirements, and no unusual circumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLA-protected leave may be delayed or denied. However, FMLA- protected leave may not be delayed or denied where the employing office’s policy requires notice to be given sooner than set forth in paragraph (a) of this section and the em-ployee provides timely notice as set forth in paragraph (a) of this section. (e) Scheduling planned medical treatment. When planning medical treatment, the em-ployee must consult with the employing of-fice and make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. Em-ployees are ordinarily expected to consult with their employing offices prior to the scheduling of treatment in order to work out a treatment schedule which best suits the needs of both the employing office and the employee. For example, if an employee who provides notice of the need to take FMLA leave on an intermittent basis for planned medical treatment neglects to consult with the employing office to make a reasonable effort to arrange the schedule of treatments so as not to unduly disrupt the employing of-fice’s operations, the employing office may initiate discussions with the employee and require the employee to attempt to make such arrangements, subject to the approval of the health care provider. See 825.203 and 825.205. (f) Intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule must be medically necessary due to a serious health condition or a serious injury or illness. An employee shall advise the employing office, upon request, of the reasons why the intermittent/reduced leave schedule is necessary and of the schedule for treatment, if applicable. The employee and employing office shall attempt to work out a schedule for such leave that meets the em-ployee’s needs without unduly disrupting the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. (g) An employing office may waive employ-ees’ FMLA notice requirements. See 825.304. 825.303 Employee notice requirements for un-foreseeable FMLA leave. (a) Timing of notice. When the approximate timing of the need for leave is not foresee-able, an employee must provide notice to the employing office as soon as practicable under the facts and circumstances of the par-ticular case. It generally should be prac-ticable for the employee to provide notice of leave that is unforeseeable within the time prescribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applica-ble to such leave. See 825.303(c). Notice may be given by the employee’s spokesperson (e.g., spouse, adult family member, or other responsible party) if the employee is unable to do so personally. For example, if an em-ployee’s child has a severe asthma attack and the employee takes the child to the emergency room, the employee would not be required to leave his or her child in order to report the absence while the child is receiv-ing emergency treatment. However, if the child’s asthma attack required only the use of an inhaler at home followed by a period of rest, the employee would be expected to call the employing office promptly after ensuring the child has used the inhaler. (b) Content of notice. An employee shall provide sufficient information for an em-ploying office to reasonably determine whether the FMLA may apply to the leave request. Depending on the situation, such in-formation may include that a condition ren-ders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job; that the employee is pregnant or has been hospitalized overnight; whether the employee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider; if the leave is due to a qualifying exigency, that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty), that the requested leave is for one of the reasons listed in 825.126(b), and the anticipated duration of the absence; or if the leave is for a family member that the condi-tion renders the family member unable to perform daily activities or that the family member is a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness; and the anticipated duration of the absence, if known. When an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even men-tion the FMLA. When an employee seeks leave due to a qualifying reason, for which the employing office has previously provided the employee FMLA-protected leave, the em-ployee must specifically reference either the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. Calling in ‘‘sick’’ without pro-viding more information will not be consid-ered sufficient notice to trigger an employ-ing office’s obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. The employing office will be expected to obtain any addi-tional required information through infor-mal means. An employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially FMLA-qualifying. Failure to re-spond to reasonable employing office inquir-ies office regarding the leave request may re-sult in denial of FMLA protection if the em-ploying office is unable to determine wheth-er the leave is FMLA-qualifying. (c) Complying with employing office policy. When the need for leave is not foreseeable, an employee must comply with the employ-ing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For ex-ample, an employing office may require em-ployees to call a designated number or a spe-cific individual to request leave. However, if an employee requires emergency medical treatment, he or she would not be required to follow the call-in procedure until his or her condition is stabilized and he or she has access to, and is able to use, a phone. Simi-larly, in the case of an emergency requiring leave because of a FMLA-qualifying reason, written advance notice pursuant to an em-ploying office’s internal rules and procedures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4509 June 22, 2016 
may not be required when FMLA leave is in-volved. If an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and pro-cedural requirements, and no unusual cir-cumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLA-protected leave may be delayed or de-nied. 825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. (a) Proper notice required. In all cases, in order for the onset of an employee’s FMLA leave to be delayed due to lack of required notice, it must be clear that the employee had actual notice of the FMLA notice re-quirements. This condition would be satis-fied by the employing office’s proper posting, at the worksite where the employee is em-ployed, of the information regarding the FMLA provided (pursuant to section 301(h)(2) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 1381(h)(2)) by the Office of Compliance to the employing office in a manner suitable for posting. (b) Foreseeable leave—30 days. When the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance and an employee fails to give timely advance notice with no reason-able excuse, the employing office may delay FMLA coverage until 30 days after the date the employee provides notice. The need for leave and the approximate date leave would be taken must have been clearly foreseeable to the employee 30 days in advance of the leave. For example, knowledge that an em-ployee would receive a telephone call about the availability of a child for adoption at some unknown point in the future would not be sufficient to establish the leave was clear-ly foreseeable 30 days in advance. (c) Foreseeable leave—less than 30 days. When the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable fewer than 30 days in advance and an em-ployee fails to give notice as soon as prac-ticable under the particular facts and cir-cumstances, the extent to which an employ-ing office may delay FMLA coverage for leave depends on the facts of the particular case. For example, if an employee reasonably should have given the employing office two weeks’ notice but instead only provided one week’s notice, then the employing office may delay FMLA-protected leave for one week (thus, if the employing office elects to delay FMLA coverage and the employee nonetheless takes leave one week after pro-viding the notice (i.e., a week before the two week notice period has been met) the leave will not be FMLA-protected). (d) Unforeseeable leave. When the need for FMLA leave is unforeseeable and an em-ployee fails to give notice in accordance with 825.303, the extent to which an employing of-fice may delay FMLA coverage for leave de-pends on the facts of the particular case. For example, if it would have been practicable for an employee to have given the employing office notice of the need for leave very soon after the need arises consistent with the em-ploying office’s policy, but instead the em-ployee provided notice two days after the leave began, then the employing office may delay FMLA coverage of the leave by two days. (e) Waiver of notice. An employing office may waive employees’ FMLA notice obliga-tions or the employing office’s own internal rules on leave notice requirements. If an em-ploying office does not waive the employee’s obligations under its internal leave rules, the employing office may take appropriate action under its internal rules and proce-dures for failure to follow its usual and cus-tomary notification rules, absent unusual circumstances, as long as the actions are taken in a manner that does not discrimi-nate against employees taking FMLA leave and the rules are not inconsistent with 825.303(a). 825.305 Certification, general rule. (a) General. An employing office may re-quire that an employee’s leave to care for the employee’s covered family member with a serious health condition, or due to the em-ployee’s own serious health condition that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of the em-ployee’s position, be supported by a certifi-cation issued by the health care provider of the employee or the employee’s family mem-ber. An employing office may also require that an employee’s leave because of a quali-fying exigency or to care for a covered serv-icemember with a serious injury or illness be supported by a certification, as described in 825.309 and 825.310, respectively. An employ-ing office must give notice of a requirement for certification each time a certification is required; such notice must be written notice whenever required by 825.300(c). An employ-ing office’s oral request to an employee to furnish any subsequent certification is suffi-cient. (b) Timing. In most cases, the employing of-fice should request that an employee furnish certification at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days thereafter, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. The employing office may request certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its duration. The employee must provide the requested certification to the employing office within 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request, unless it is not practicable under the particular cir-cumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts or the employing office provides more than 15 calendar days to return the requested certification. (c) Complete and sufficient certification. The employee must provide a complete and suffi-cient certification to the employing office if required by the employing office in accord-ance with 825.306, 825.309, and 825.310. The em-ploying office shall advise an employee whenever the employing office finds a cer-tification incomplete or insufficient, and shall state in writing what additional infor-mation is necessary to make the certifi-cation complete and sufficient. A certifi-cation is considered incomplete if the em-ploying office receives a certification, but one or more of the applicable entries have not been completed. A certification is con-sidered insufficient if the employing office receives a complete certification, but the in-formation provided is vague, ambiguous, or non-responsive. The employing office must provide the employee with seven calendar days (unless not practicable under the par-ticular circumstances despite the employee’s diligent good faith efforts) to cure any such deficiency. If the deficiencies specified by the employing office are not cured in the re-submitted certification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in ac-cordance with 825.313. A certification that is not returned to the employing office is not considered incomplete or insufficient, but constitutes a failure to provide certification. (d) Consequences. At the time the employ-ing office requests certification, the employ-ing office must also advise an employee of the anticipated consequences of an employ-ee’s failure to provide adequate certification. If the employee fails to provide the employ-ing office with a complete and sufficient cer-tification, despite the opportunity to cure the certification as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, or fails to provide any certifi-cation, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in accordance with 825.313. It is the employee’s responsibility ei-ther to furnish a complete and sufficient cer-tification or to furnish the health care pro-vider providing the certification with any necessary authorization from the employee or the employee’s family member in order for the health care provider to release a com-plete and sufficient certification to the em-ploying office to support the employee’s FMLA request. This provision will apply in any case where an employing office requests a certification permitted by these regula-tions, whether it is the initial certification, a recertification, a second or third opinion, or a fitness-for-duty certificate, including any clarifications necessary to determine if such certifications are authentic and suffi-cient. See 825.306, 825.307, 825.308, and 825.312. (e) Annual medical certification. Where the employee’s need for leave due to the employ-ee’s own serious health condition, or the se-rious health condition of the employee’s cov-ered family member, lasts beyond a single leave year (as defined in 825.200), the employ-ing office may require the employee to pro-vide a new medical certification in each sub-sequent leave year. Such new medical cer-tifications are subject to the provisions for authentication and clarification set forth in 825.307, including second and third opinions. 825.306 Content of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. (a) Required information. When leave is taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition, or the serious health condi-tion of a family member, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a medical certification from a health care provider that sets forth the following information: (1) The name, address, telephone number, and fax number of the health care provider and type of medical practice/specialization; (2) The approximate date on which the se-rious health condition commenced, and its probable duration; (3) A statement or description of appro-priate medical facts regarding the patient’s health condition for which FMLA leave is re-quested. The medical facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. Such medical facts may include information on symptoms, diagnosis, hospitalization, doctor visits, whether medication has been prescribed, any referrals for evaluation or treatment (phys-ical therapy, for example), or any other regi-men of continuing treatment; (4) If the employee is the patient, informa-tion sufficient to establish that the em-ployee cannot perform the essential func-tions of the employee’s job as well as the na-ture of any other work restrictions, and the likely duration of such inability (see 825.123(b)); (5) If the patient is a covered family mem-ber with a serious health condition, informa-tion sufficient to establish that the family member is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the leave required to care for the family member; (6) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment of the employee’s or a covered family member’s serious health condition, information sufficient to establish the medical necessity for such intermittent or reduced schedule leave and an estimate of the dates and duration of such treatments and any periods of recovery; (7) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis for the employee’s serious health condition, in-cluding pregnancy, that may result in un-foreseeable episodes of incapacity, informa-tion sufficient to establish the medical ne-cessity for such intermittent or reduced schedule leave and an estimate of the fre-quency and duration of the episodes of inca-pacity; and (8) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4510 June 22, 2016 
care for a covered family member with a se-rious health condition, a statement that such leave is medically necessary to care for the family member, as described in 825.124 and 825.203(b), which can include assisting in the family member’s recovery, and an esti-mate of the frequency and duration of the re-quired leave. (b) The Office of Compliance has developed two optional forms (Form A and Form B) for use in obtaining medical certification, in-cluding second and third opinions, from health care providers that meets FMLA’s certification requirements, as made applica-ble by the CAA. (See Forms A and B.) Op-tional Form A is for use when the employee’s need for leave is due to the employee’s own serious health condition. Optional Form B is for use when the employee needs leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. These optional forms re-flect certification requirements so as to per-mit the health care provider to furnish ap-propriate medical information. Forms A and B are modeled closely on Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as revised, which were devel-oped by the Department of Labor (see 29 C.F.R. Part 825). The employing office may use the Office of Compliance’s forms, or Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as re-vised, or another form containing the same basic information; however, no information may be required beyond that specified in 825.306, 825.307, and 825.308. In all instances the information on the form must relate only to the serious health condition for which the current need for leave exists. (c) If an employee is on FMLA leave run-ning concurrently with a workers’ compensa-tion absence, and the provisions of the work-ers’ compensation statute permit the em-ploying office or the employing office’s rep-resentative to request additional informa-tion from the employee’s workers’ com-pensation health care provider, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the applicable workers’ compensa-tion provisions and information received under those provisions may be considered in determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLA-protected leave. Similarly, an em-ploying office may request additional infor-mation in accordance with a paid leave pol-icy or disability plan that requires greater information to qualify for payments or bene-fits, provided that the employing office in-forms the employee that the additional in-formation only needs to be provided in con-nection with receipt of such payments or benefits. Any information received pursuant to such policy or plan may be considered in determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLA-protected leave. If the employee fails to provide the information required for re-ceipt of such payments or benefits, such fail-ure will not affect the employee’s entitle-ment to take unpaid FMLA leave. See 825.207(a). (d) If an employee’s serious health condi-tion may also be a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applica-ble by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the pro-cedures for requesting medical information under the ADA. Any information received pursuant to these procedures may be consid-ered in determining the employee’s entitle-ment to FMLA-protected leave. (e) While an employee may choose to com-ply with the certification requirement by providing the employing office with an au-thorization, release, or waiver allowing the employing office to communicate directly with the health care provider of the em-ployee or his or her covered family member, the employee may not be required to provide such an authorization, release, or waiver. In all instances in which certification is re-quested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with com-plete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. See 825.305(d). 825.307 Authentication and clarification of medical certification for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. (a) Clarification and authentication. If an employee submits a complete and sufficient certification signed by the health care pro-vider, the employing office may not request additional information from the health care provider. However, the employing office may contact the health care provider for purposes of clarification and authentication of the medical certification (whether initial certifi-cation or recertification) after the employ-ing office has given the employee an oppor-tunity to cure any deficiencies as set forth in 825.305(c). To make such contact, the em-ploying office must use a health care pro-vider, a human resources professional, a leave administrator, or a management offi-cial. An employee’s direct supervisor may not contact the employee’s health care pro-vider, unless the direct supervisor is also the only individual in the employing office des-ignated to process FMLA requests and the direct supervisor receives specific authoriza-tion from the employee to contact the em-ployee’s health care provider. For purposes of these regulations, authentication means providing the health care provider with a copy of the certification and requesting verification that the information contained on the certification form was completed and/ or authorized by the health care provider who signed the document; no additional med-ical information may be requested. Clarification means contacting the health care provider to understand the handwriting on the medical certification or to understand the meaning of a response. Employing offices may not ask health care providers for addi-tional information beyond that required by the certification form. The requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Ac-countability Act (HIPAA) Privacy Rule, ( see 45 CFR parts 160 and 164), which governs the privacy of individually-identifiable health information created or held by HIPAA-cov-ered entities, must be satisfied when individ-ually-identifiable health information of an employee is shared with an employing office by a HIPAA-covered health care provider. If an employee chooses not to provide the em-ploying office with authorization allowing the employing office to clarify the certifi-cation with the health care provider, and does not otherwise clarify the certification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave if the certification is unclear. See 825.305(d). It is the employee’s responsi-bility to provide the employing office with a complete and sufficient certification and to clarify the certification if necessary. (b) Second Opinion. (1) An employing office that has reason to doubt the validity of a medical certification may require the em-ployee to obtain a second opinion at the em-ploying office’s expense. Pending receipt of the second (or third) medical opinion, the employee is provisionally entitled to the benefits of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, including maintenance of group health benefits. If the certifications do not ultimately establish the employee’s entitle-ment to FMLA leave, the leave shall not be designated as FMLA leave and may be treat-ed as paid or unpaid leave under the employ-ing office’s established leave policies. In ad-dition, the consequences set forth in 825.305(d) will apply if the employee or the employee’s family member fails to authorize his or her health care provider to release all relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if re-quested by the health care provider des-ignated to provide a second opinion in order to render a sufficient and complete second opinion. (2) The employing office is permitted to designate the health care provider to furnish the second opinion, but the selected health care provider may not be employed on a reg-ular basis by the employing office. The em-ploying office may not regularly contract with or otherwise regularly utilize the serv-ices of the health care provider furnishing the second opinion unless the employing of-fice is located in an area where access to health care is extremely limited ( e.g., a rural area where no more than one or two doctors practice in the relevant specialty in the vi-cinity). (c) Third opinion. If the opinions of the em-ployee’s and the employing office’s des-ignated health care providers differ, the em-ploying office may require the employee to obtain certification from a third health care provider, again at the employing office’s ex-pense. This third opinion shall be final and binding. The third health care provider must be designated or approved jointly by the em-ploying office and the employee. The em-ploying office and the employee must each act in good faith to attempt to reach agree-ment on whom to select for the third opinion provider. If the employing office does not at-tempt in good faith to reach agreement, the employing office will be bound by the first certification. If the employee does not at-tempt in good faith to reach agreement, the employee will be bound by the second certifi-cation. For example, an employee who re-fuses to agree to see a doctor in the specialty in question may be failing to act in good faith. On the other hand, an employing office that refuses to agree to any doctor on a list of specialists in the appropriate field pro-vided by the employee and whom the em-ployee has not previously consulted may be failing to act in good faith. In addition, the consequences set forth in 825.305(d) will apply if the employee or the employee’s family member fails to authorize his or her health care provider to release all relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if requested by the health care provider designated to provide a third opinion in order to render a sufficient and complete third opinion. (d) Copies of opinions. The employing office is required to provide the employee with a copy of the second and third medical opin-ions, where applicable, upon request by the employee. Requested copies are to be pro-vided within five business days unless ex-tenuating circumstances prevent such ac-tion. (e) Travel expenses. If the employing office requires the employee to obtain either a sec-ond or third opinion the employing office must reimburse an employee or family mem-ber for any reasonable ‘‘out of pocket’’ travel expenses incurred to obtain the second and third medical opinions. The employing office may not require the employee or family member to travel outside normal commuting distance for purposes of obtaining the second or third medical opinions except in very un-usual circumstances. (f) Medical certification abroad. In cir- cumstances in which the employee or a fam-ily member is visiting in another country, or a family member resides in another country, and a serious health condition develops, the employing office shall accept a medical cer-tification as well as second and third opin-ions from a health care provider who prac-tices in that country. Where a certification 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4511 June 22, 2016 
by a foreign health care provider is in a lan-guage other than English, the employee must provide the employing office with a written translation of the certification upon request. 825.308 Recertifications for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. (a) 30-day rule. An employing office may re-quest recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless paragraphs (b) or (c) of this section apply. (b) More than 30 days. If the medical certifi-cation indicates that the minimum duration of the condition is more than 30 days, an em-ploying office must wait until that minimum duration expires before requesting a recer-tification, unless paragraph (c) of this sec-tion applies. For example, if the medical cer-tification states that an employee will be un-able to work, whether continuously or on an intermittent basis, for 40 days, the employ-ing office must wait 40 days before request-ing a recertification. In all cases, an employ-ing office may request a recertification of a medical condition every six months in con-nection with an absence by the employee. Accordingly, even if the medical certifi-cation indicates that the employee will need intermittent or reduced schedule leave for a period in excess of six months (e.g., for a life- time condition), the employing office would be permitted to request recertification every six months in connection with an absence. (c) Less than 30 days. An employing office may request recertification in less than 30 days if: (1) The employee requests an extension of leave; (2) Circumstances described by the pre-vious certification have changed signifi-cantly (e.g., the duration or frequency of the absence, the nature or severity of the illness, complications). For example, if a medical certification stated that an employee would need leave for one to two days when the em-ployee suffered a migraine headache and the employee’s absences for his or her last two migraines lasted four days each, then the in-creased duration of absence might constitute a significant change in circumstances allow-ing the employing office to request a recer-tification in less than 30 days. Likewise, if an employee had a pattern of using unsched-uled FMLA leave for migraines in conjunc-tion with his or her scheduled days off, then the timing of the absences also might con-stitute a significant change in circumstances sufficient for an employing office to request a recertification more frequently than every 30 days; or (3) The employing office receives informa-tion that casts doubt upon the employee’s stated reason for the absence or the con-tinuing validity of the certification. For ex-ample, if an employee is on FMLA leave for four weeks due to the employee’s knee sur-gery, including recuperation, and the em-ployee plays in company softball league games during the employee’s third week of FMLA leave, such information might be suf-ficient to cast doubt upon the continuing va-lidity of the certification allowing the em-ploying office to request a recertification in less than 30 days. (d) Timing. The employee must provide the requested recertification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. (e) Content. The employing office may ask for the same information when obtaining re-certification as that permitted for the origi-nal certification as set forth in 825.306. The employee has the same obligations to par-ticipate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certification or ade-quate authorization to the health care pro-vider) in the recertification process as in the initial certification process. See 825.305(d). As part of the information allowed to be ob-tained on recertification for leave taken be-cause of a serious health condition, the em-ploying office may provide the health care provider with a record of the employee’s ab-sence pattern and ask the health care pro-vider if the serious health condition and need for leave is consistent with such a pattern. (f) Any recertification requested by the employing office shall be at the employee’s expense unless the employing office provides otherwise. No second or third opinion on re-certification may be required. 825.309 Certification for leave taken because of a qualifying exigency. (a) Active Duty Orders. The first time an employee requests leave because of a quali-fying exigency arising out of the covered ac-tive duty or call to covered active duty sta-tus (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active duty) of a military member (see 825.126(a)), an employing office may require the employee to provide a copy of the military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the mili-tary which indicates that the military mem-ber is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and the dates of the military member’s covered active duty serv-ice. This information need only be provided to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military may be required by the employing office if the need for leave be-cause of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active duty) of the same or a different military member; (b) Required information. An employing of-fice may require that leave for any quali-fying exigency specified in 825.126 be sup-ported by a certification from the employee that sets forth the following information: (1) A statement or description, signed by the employee, of appropriate facts regarding the qualifying exigency for which FMLA leave is requested. The facts must be suffi-cient to support the need for leave. Such facts should include information on the type of qualifying exigency for which leave is re-quested and any available written docu-mentation which supports the request for leave; such documentation, for example, may include a copy of a meeting announcement for informational briefings sponsored by the military, a document confirming an appoint-ment with a counselor or school official, or a copy of a bill for services for the handling of legal or financial affairs; (2) The approximate date on which the qualifying exigency commenced or will com-mence; (3) If an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency for a single, contin-uous period of time, the beginning and end dates for such absence; (4) If an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis, an estimate of the frequency and duration of the qualifying exi-gency; (5) If the qualifying exigency involves meeting with a third party, appropriate con-tact information for the individual or entity with whom the employee is meeting (such as the name, title, organization, address, tele-phone number, fax number, and email ad-dress) and a brief description of the purpose of the meeting; and (6) If the qualifying exigency involves Rest and Recuperation leave, a copy of the mili-tary member’s Rest and Recuperation or-ders, or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuper-ation leave, and the dates of the military member’s Rest and Recuperation leave. (c) The Office of Compliance has developed an optional form (Form E) for employees’ use in obtaining a certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. This op-tional form reflects certification require-ments so as to permit the employee to fur-nish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave because of a quali-fying exigency. Form E, or Form WH–384 (de-veloped by the Department of Labor), or an-other form containing the same basic infor-mation, may be used by the employing of-fice; however, no information may be re-quired beyond that specified in this section. (d) Verification. If an employee submits a complete and sufficient certification to sup-port his or her request for leave because of a qualifying exigency, the employing office may not request additional information from the employee. However, if the qualifying exi-gency involves meeting with a third party, the employing office may contact the indi-vidual or entity with whom the employee is meeting for purposes of verifying a meeting or appointment schedule and the nature of the meeting between the employee and the specified individual or entity. The employ-ee’s permission is not required in order to verify meetings or appointments with third parties, but no additional information may be requested by the employing office. An em-ploying office also may contact an appro-priate unit of the Department of Defense to request verification that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty); no additional information may be re-quested and the employee’s permission is not required. 825.310 Certification for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). (a) Required information from health care provider. When leave is taken to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a certification com-pleted by an authorized health care provider of the covered servicemember. For purposes of leave taken to care for a covered service-member, any one of the following health care providers may complete such a certification: (1) A United States Department of Defense (‘‘DOD’’) health care provider; (2) A United States Department of Vet-erans Affairs (‘‘VA’’) health care provider; (3) A DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; (4) A DOD non-network TRICARE author-ized private health care provider; or (5) Any health care provider as defined in 825.125. (b) If the authorized health care provider is unable to make certain military-related de-terminations outlined below, the authorized health care provider may rely on determina-tions from an authorized DOD representative (such as a DOD recovery care coordinator) or an authorized VA representative. An employ-ing office may request that the health care provider provide the following information: (1) The name, address, and appropriate con-
tact information (telephone number, fax number, and/or email address) of the health care provider, the type of medical practice, the medical specialty, and whether the health care provider is one of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4512 June 22, 2016 
(i) A DOD health care provider; (ii) A VA health care provider; (iii) A DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; (iv) A DOD non-network TRICARE author-ized private health care provider; or (v) A health care provider as defined in 825.125. (2) Whether the covered servicemember’s injury or illness was incurred in the line of duty on active duty or, if not, whether the covered servicemember’s injury or illness ex-isted before the beginning of the servicemember’s active duty and was aggra-vated by service in the line of duty on active duty; (3) The approximate date on which the se-rious injury or illness commenced, or was ag-gravated, and its probable duration; (4) A statement or description of appro-priate medical facts regarding the covered servicemember’s health condition for which FMLA leave is requested. The medical facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. (i) In the case of a current member of the Armed Forces, such medical facts must in-clude information on whether the injury or illness may render the covered servicemem-ber medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating and whether the member is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy; (ii) In the case of a covered veteran, such medical facts must include: (A) Information on whether the veteran is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is the continuation of an injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered vet-eran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating; or (B) Information on whether the veteran is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Service-Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and that such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or (C) Information on whether the veteran is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition that substan-tially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or dis-abilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or (D) Documentation of enrollment in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Care-givers. (5) Information sufficient to establish that the covered servicemember is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and whether the cov-ered servicemember will need care for a sin-gle continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and recovery, and an es-timate as to the beginning and ending dates for this period of time; (6) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment appointments for the covered servicemember, whether there is a medical necessity for the covered service-member to have such periodic care and an es-timate of the treatment schedule of such ap-pointments; (7) If an employee requests leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis to care for a covered servicemember other than for planned medical treatment (e.g., episodic flare-ups of a medical condition), whether there is a medical necessity for the covered servicemember to have such periodic care, which can include assisting in the covered servicemember’s recovery, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the periodic care. (c) Required information from employee and/ or covered servicemember. In addition to the information that may be requested under 825.310(b), an employing office may also re-quest that such certification set forth the following information provided by an em-ployee and/or covered servicemember: (1) The name and address of the employing office of the employee requesting leave to care for a covered servicemember, the name of the employee requesting such leave, and the name of the covered servicemember for whom the employee is requesting leave to care; (2) The relationship of the employee to the covered servicemember for whom the em-ployee is requesting leave to care; (3) Whether the covered servicemember is a current member of the Armed Forces, the National Guard or Reserves, and the covered servicemember’s military branch, rank, and current unit assignment; (4) Whether the covered servicemember is assigned to a military medical facility as an outpatient or to a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving med-ical care as outpatients (such as a medical hold or warrior transition unit), and the name of the medical treatment facility or unit; (5) Whether the covered servicemember is on the temporary disability retired list; (6) Whether the covered servicemember is a veteran, the date of separation from military service, and whether the separation was other than dishonorable. The employing of-fice may require the employee to provide documentation issued by the military which indicates that the covered servicemember is a veteran, the date of separation, and that the separation is other than dishonorable. Where an employing office requires such doc-umentation, an employee may provide a copy of the veteran’s Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty issued by the U.S. Department of Defense (DD Form 214) or other proof of veteran status. See 825.127(c)(2). (7) A description of the care to be provided to the covered servicemember and an esti-mate of the leave needed to provide the care. (d) The Office of Compliance has developed an optional form (Form F) for employees’ use in obtaining certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. ( See Form F). This optional form reflects certifi-cation requirements so as to permit the em-ployee to furnish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Form F, or Form WH–385 (developed by the Department of Labor), or another form containing the same basic in-formation, may be used by the employing of-fice; however, no information may be re-quired beyond that specified in this section. In all instances the information on the cer-tification must relate only to the serious in-jury or illness for which the current need for leave exists. An employing office may seek authentication and/or clarification of the certification under 825.307. Second and third opinions under 825.307 are not permitted for leave to care for a covered servicemember when the certification has been completed by one of the types of healthcare providers identified in section 825.310(a)(1–4). However, second and third opinions under 825.307 are permitted when the certification has been completed by a health care provider as de-fined in 825.125 that is not one of the types identified in 825.310(a)(1)–(4). Additionally, recertifications under 825.308 are not per-mitted for leave to care for a covered serv-icemember. An employing office may require an employee to provide confirmation of cov-ered family relationship to the seriously in-jured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) of the FMLA. (e) An employing office requiring an em-ployee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must ac-cept as sufficient certification, in lieu of the Office of Compliance’s optional certification form (Form F) or an employing office’s own certification form, invitational travel orders (ITOs) or invitational travel authorizations (ITAs) issued to any family member to join an injured or ill servicemember at his or her bedside. An ITO or ITA is sufficient certifi-cation for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA. During that time period, an eligible employee may take leave to care for the covered servicemember in a continuous block of time or on an intermittent basis. An eligible employee who provides an ITO or ITA to support his or her request for leave may not be required to provide any addi-tional or separate certification that leave taken on an intermittent basis during the period of time specified in the ITO or ITA is medically necessary. An ITO or ITA is suffi-cient certification for an employee entitled to take FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember regardless of whether the em-ployee is named in the order or authoriza-tion. (1) If an employee will need leave to care for a covered servicemember beyond the ex-piration date specified in an ITO or ITA, an employing office may request that the em-ployee have one of the authorized health care providers listed under 825.310(a) com-plete the Office of Compliance optional cer-tification form (Form F) or an employing of-fice’s own form, as requisite certification for the remainder of the employee’s necessary leave period. (2) An employing office may seek authen-tication and clarification of the ITO or ITA under 825.307. An employing office may not utilize the second or third opinion process outlined in 825.307 or the recertification process under 825.308 during the period of time in which leave is supported by an ITO or ITA. (3) An employing office may require an em-ployee to provide confirmation of covered family relationship to the seriously injured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) when an employee supports his or her re-quest for FMLA leave with a copy of an ITO or ITA. (f) An employing office requiring an em-ployee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must ac-cept as sufficient certification of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness documentation indicating the servicemember’s enrollment in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Program of Com-prehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. Such documentation is sufficient certifi-cation of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness to support the employee’s request for military caregiver leave regardless of whether the employee is the named care-giver in the enrollment documentation. (1) An employing office may seek authen-tication and clarification of the documenta-tion indicating the servicemember’s enroll-ment in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers under 825.307. An employ-ing office may not utilize the second or third opinion process outlined in 825.307 or the re-certification process under 825.308 when the servicemember’s serious injury or illness is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4513 June 22, 2016 
shown by documentation of enrollment in this program. (2) An employing office may require an em-ployee to provide confirmation of covered family relationship to the seriously injured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) when an employee supports his or her re-quest for FMLA leave with a copy of such en-rollment documentation. An employing of-fice may also require an employee to provide documentation, such as a veteran’s Form DD–214, showing that the discharge was other than dishonorable and the date of the veteran’s discharge. (g) Where medical certification is re-quested by an employing office, an employee may not be held liable for administrative delays in the issuance of military docu-ments, despite the employee’s diligent, good- faith efforts to obtain such documents. See 825.305(b). In all instances in which certifi-cation is requested, it is the employee’s re-sponsibility to provide the employing office with complete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. See 825.305(d). 825.311 Intent to return to work. (a) An employing office may require an employee on FMLA leave to report periodi-cally on the employee’s status and intent to return to work. The employing office’s pol-icy regarding such reports may not be dis-criminatory and must take into account all of the relevant facts and circumstances re-lated to the individual employee’s leave situ-ation. (b) If an employee gives unequivocal notice of intent not to return to work, the employ-ing office’s obligations under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health benefits (subject to COBRA require-ments) and to restore the employee cease. However, these obligations continue if an employee indicates he or she may be unable to return to work but expresses a continuing desire to do so. (c) It may be necessary for an employee to take more leave than originally anticipated. Conversely, an employee may discover after beginning leave that the circumstances have changed and the amount of leave originally anticipated is no longer necessary. An em-ployee may not be required to take more FMLA leave than necessary to resolve the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. In both of these situations, the em-ploying office may require that the employee provide the employing office reasonable no-tice (i.e., within two business days) of the changed circumstances where foreseeable. The employing office may also obtain infor-mation on such changed circumstances through requested status reports. 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. (a) As a condition of restoring an employee whose FMLA leave was occasioned by the employee’s own serious health condition that made the employee unable to perform the employee’s job, an employing office may have a uniformly-applied policy or practice that requires all similarly-situated employ-ees (i.e., same occupation, same serious health condition) who take leave for such conditions to obtain and present certifi-cation from the employee’s health care pro-vider that the employee is able to resume work. The employee has the same obliga-tions to participate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certifi-cation or providing sufficient authorization to the health care provider to provide the in-formation directly to the employing office) in the fitness-for-duty certification process as in the initial certification process. See 825.305(d). (b) An employing office may seek a fitness- for-duty certification only with regard to the particular health condition that caused the employee’s need for FMLA leave. The certifi-cation from the employee’s health care pro-vider must certify that the employee is able to resume work. Additionally, an employing office may require that the certification spe-cifically address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the em-ployee’s job. In order to require such a cer-tification, an employing office must provide an employee with a list of the essential func-tions of the employee’s job no later than with the designation notice required by 825.300(d), and must indicate in the designa-tion notice that the certification must ad-dress the employee’s ability to perform those essential functions. If the employing office satisfies these requirements, the employee’s health care provider must certify that the employee can perform the identified essen-tial functions of his or her job. Following the procedures set forth in 825.307(a), the em-ploying office may contact the employee’s health care provider for purposes of clari-fying and authenticating the fitness-for-duty certification. Clarification may be requested only for the serious health condition for which FMLA leave was taken. The employ-ing office may not delay the employee’s re-turn to work while contact with the health care provider is being made. No second or third opinions on a fitness-for-duty certifi-cation may be required. (c) The cost of the certification shall be borne by the employee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. (d) The designation notice required in 825.300(d) shall advise the employee if the employing office will require a fitness-for- duty certification to return to work and whether that fitness-for-duty certification must address the employee’s ability to per-form the essential functions of the employ-ee’s job. (e) An employing office may delay restora-tion to employment until an employee sub-mits a required fitness-for-duty certification unless the employing office has failed to pro-vide the notice required in paragraph (d) of this section. If an employing office provides the notice required, an employee who does not provide a fitness-for-duty certification or request additional FMLA leave is no longer entitled to reinstatement under the FMLA. See 825.313(d). (f) An employing office is not entitled to a certification of fitness to return to duty for each absence taken on an intermittent or re-duced leave schedule. However, an employing office is entitled to a certification of fitness to return to duty for such absences up to once every 30 days if reasonable safety con-cerns exist regarding the employee’s ability to perform his or her duties, based on the se-rious health condition for which the em-ployee took such leave. If an employing of-fice chooses to require a fitness-for-duty cer-tification under such circumstances, the em-ploying office shall inform the employee at the same time it issues the designation no-tice that for each subsequent instance of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the employee will be required to submit a fit-ness-for-duty certification unless one has al-ready been submitted within the past 30 days. Alternatively, an employing office can set a different interval for requiring a fit-ness-for-duty certification as long as it does not exceed once every 30 days and as long as the employing office advises the employee of the requirement in advance of the employee taking the intermittent or reduced schedule leave. The employing office may not termi-nate the employment of the employee while awaiting such a certification of fitness to re-turn to duty for an intermittent or reduced schedule leave absence. Reasonable safety concerns means a reasonable belief of signifi-cant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. (g) If the terms of a collective bargaining agreement govern an employee’s return to work, those provisions shall be applied. (h) Requirements under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA, apply. After an employee returns from FMLA leave, the ADA requires any medical examination at an employing office’s expense by the employing office’s health care provider be job-related and consistent with business necessity. For example, an attorney could not be required to submit to a medical examination or in-quiry just because her leg had been ampu-tated. The essential functions of an attor-ney’s job do not require use of both legs; therefore such an inquiry would not be job related. An employing office may require a warehouse laborer, whose back impairment affects the ability to lift, to be examined by an orthopedist, but may not require this em-ployee to submit to an HIV test where the test is not related to either the essential functions of his or her job or to his/her im-pairment. If an employee’s serious health condition may also be a disability within the meaning of the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the proce-dures for requesting medical information under the ADA. 825.313 Failure to provide certification. (a) Foreseeable leave. In the case of foresee-able leave, if an employee fails to provide certification in a timely manner as required by 825.305, then an employing office may deny FMLA coverage until the required cer-tification is provided. For example, if an em-ployee has 15 days to provide a certification and does not provide the certification for 45 days without sufficient reason for the delay, the employing office can deny FMLA protec-tions for the 30-day period following the ex-piration of the 15-day time period, if the em-ployee takes leave during such period. (b) Unforeseeable leave. In the case of un-foreseeable leave, an employing office may deny FMLA coverage for the requested leave if the employee fails to provide a certifi-cation within 15 calendar days from receipt of the request for certification unless not practicable due to extenuating cir-cumstances. For example, in the case of a medical emergency, it may not be prac-ticable for an employee to provide the re-quired certification within 15 calendar days. Absent such extenuating circumstances, if the employee fails to timely return the cer-tification, the employing office can deny FMLA protections for the leave following the expiration of the 15-day time period until a sufficient certification is provided. If the employee never produces the certification, the leave is not FMLA leave. (c) Recertification. An employee must pro-vide recertification within the time re-quested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the re-quest) or as soon as practicable under the particular facts and circumstances. If an em-ployee fails to provide a recertification with-in a reasonable time under the particular facts and circumstances, then the employing office may deny continuation of the FMLA leave protections until the employee pro-duces a sufficient recertification. If the em-ployee never produces the recertification, the leave is not FMLA leave. Recertification does not apply to leave taken for a quali-fying exigency or to care for a covered serv-icemember. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4514 June 22, 2016 
(d) Fitness-for-duty certification. When re- quested by the employing office pursuant to a uniformly applied policy for similarly-situ-ated employees, the employee must provide medical certification, at the time the em-ployee seeks reinstatement at the end of FMLA leave taken for the employee’s serious health condition, that the employee is fit for duty and able to return to work ( see 825.312(a)) if the employing office has pro-vided the required notice (see 825.300(e)); the employing office may delay restoration until the certification is provided. Unless the em-ployee provides either a fitness-for-duty cer-tification or a new medical certification for a serious health condition at the time FMLA leave is concluded, the employee may be ter-minated. See also 825.213(a)(3). SUBPART D—ADMINISTRATIVE PROCESS 825.400 Administrative Process, general rules. (a) To commence a proceeding, a covered employee alleging a violation of the rights and protections of the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA, must request counseling by the Office of Compliance not later than 180 days after the date of the alleged viola-tion. If a covered employee misses this dead-line, the covered employee will be unable to obtain a remedy under the CAA. (b) The following procedures are available under title IV of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1401) for covered employees who believe that their rights under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, have been violated: (1) counseling; (2) mediation; and (3) election of either— (A) a formal complaint, filed with the Of-fice of Compliance, and a hearing before a hearing officer, subject to review by the Board of Directors of the Office of Compli-ance, and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit; or (B) a civil action in a district court of the United States. (c) If an employer has violated one or more provisions of FMLA, and if justified by the facts of a particular case, an employee may receive one or more of the following: wages, employment benefits, or other compensation denied or lost to such employee by reason of the violation; or, where no such tangible loss has occurred, such as when FMLA leave was unlawfully denied, any actual monetary loss sustained by the employee as a direct result of the violation, such as the cost of providing care, up to a sum equal to 26 weeks of wages for the employee in a case involving leave to care for a covered servicemember or 12 weeks of wages for the employee in a case involving leave for any other FMLA qualifying reason. In addition, the employee may be entitled to interest on such sum, calculated at the pre-vailing rate. An amount equaling the pre-ceding sums may also be awarded as liq-uidated damages unless such amount is re-duced by the court because the violation was in good faith and the employer had reason-able grounds for believing the employer had not violated the Act. When appropriate, the employee may also obtain appropriate equi-table relief, such as employment, reinstate-ment and promotion. When the employer is found in violation, the employee may re-cover a reasonable attorney’s fee, reasonable expert witness fees, and other costs of the action from the employer in addition to any judgment awarded by the court. (d) Regulations of the Office of Compliance describing and governing these procedures are found at 150 Cong. Rec. H4166–02 (2004), 150 Cong. Rec. S6870–02 (2004), and may be found on the Office’s website. 825.401 [Reserved] 825.402 [Reserved] 825.403 [Reserved] 825.404 [Reserved] 
SUBPART E—[RESERVED] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, definitions. (a) Certain special rules apply to employ-ees of local educational agencies, including public school boards and elementary schools under their jurisdiction, and private elemen-tary and secondary schools. The special rules do not apply to other kinds of educational institutions, such as colleges and univer-sities, trade schools, and preschools. (b) Educational institutions are covered by FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA (and these special rules). The usual requirements for employees to be eligible do apply. (c) The special rules affect the taking of intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule, or leave near the end of an academic term (semester), by instructional employees. Instructional employees are those whose principal function is to teach and in-struct students in a class, a small group, or an individual setting. This term includes not only teachers, but also athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education as-sistants such as signers for the hearing im-paired. It does not include, and the special rules do not apply to, teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal job actual teaching or instructing, nor does it include auxiliary personnel such as coun-selors, psychologists, or curriculum special-ists. It also does not include cafeteria work-ers, maintenance workers, or bus drivers. (d) Special rules which apply to restoration to an equivalent position apply to all em-ployees of local educational agencies. 825.601 Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave. (a) Leave taken for a period that ends with the school year and begins the next semester is leave taken consecutively rather than intermittently. The period during the sum-mer vacation when the employee would not have been required to report for duty is not counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. An instructional employee who is on FMLA leave at the end of the school year must be provided with any benefits over the summer vacation that employees would normally receive if they had been working at the end of the school year. (1) If an eligible instructional employee needs intermittent leave or leave on a re-duced leave schedule to care for a family member with a serious health condition, to care for a covered servicemember, or for the employee’s own serious health condition, which is foreseeable based on planned med-ical treatment, and the employee would be on leave for more than 20 percent of the total number of working days over the period the leave would extend, the employing office may require the employee to choose either to: (i) Take leave for a period or periods of a particular duration, not greater than the du-ration of the planned treatment; or (ii) Transfer temporarily to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified, which has equivalent pay and benefits and which better accommodates re-curring periods of leave than does the em-ployee’s regular position. (2) These rules apply only to a leave in-volving more than 20 percent of the working days during the period over which the leave extends. For example, if an instructional em-ployee who normally works five days each week needs to take two days of FMLA leave per week over a period of several weeks, the special rules would apply. Employees taking leave which constitutes 20 percent or less of the working days during the leave period would not be subject to transfer to an alter-native position. Periods of a particular dura-tion means a block, or blocks, of time begin-ning no earlier than the first day for which leave is needed and ending no later than the last day on which leave is needed, and may include one uninterrupted period of leave. (b) If an instructional employee does not give required notice of foreseeable FMLA leave (see 825.302) to be taken intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule, the employ-ing office may require the employee to take leave of a particular duration, or to transfer temporarily to an alternative position. Al-ternatively, the employing office may re-quire the employee to delay the taking of leave until the notice provision is met. 825.602 Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. (a) There are also different rules for in-structional employees who begin leave more than five weeks before the end of a term, less than five weeks before the end of a term, and less than three weeks before the end of a term. Regular rules apply except in cir-cumstances when: (1) An instructional employee begins leave more than five weeks before the end of a term. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— (i) The leave will last at least three weeks, and (ii) The employee would return to work during the three-week period before the end of the term. (2) The employee begins leave during the five-week period before the end of a term be-cause of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered service-member. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— (i) The leave will last more than two weeks, and (ii) The employee would return to work during the two-week period before the end of the term. (3) The employee begins leave during the three-week period before the end of a term because of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered service-member. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than five working days. (b) For purposes of these provisions, aca- demic term means the school semester, which typically ends near the end of the calendar year and the end of spring each school year. In no case may a school have more than two academic terms or semesters each year for purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An example of leave falling within these provisions would be where an employee plans two weeks of leave to care for a family member which will begin three weeks before the end of the term. In that situation, the employing office could require the employee to stay out on leave until the end of the term. 825.603 Special rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave. (a) If an employee chooses to take leave for periods of a particular duration in the case of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the entire period of leave taken will count as FMLA leave. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4515 June 22, 2016 
(b) In the case of an employee who is re-quired to take leave until the end of an aca-demic term, only the period of leave until the employee is ready and able to return to work shall be charged against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. The employing of-fice has the option not to require the em-ployee to stay on leave until the end of the school term. Therefore, any additional leave required by the employing office to the end of the school term is not counted as FMLA leave; however, the employing office shall be required to maintain the employee’s group health insurance and restore the employee to the same or equivalent job including other benefits at the conclusion of the leave. 825.604 Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. The determination of how an employee is to be restored to an equivalent position upon return from FMLA leave will be made on the basis of ‘‘established school board policies and practices, private school policies and practices, and collective bargaining agree-ments.’’ The ‘‘established policies’’ and col-lective bargaining agreements used as a basis for restoration must be in writing, must be made known to the employee prior to the taking of FMLA leave, and must clearly explain the employee’s restoration rights upon return from leave. Any estab-lished policy which is used as the basis for restoration of an employee to an equivalent position must provide substantially the same protections as provided in the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, for reinstated employees. See 825.215. In other words, the policy or collective bargaining agreement must provide for restoration to an equiva-lent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. For example, an employee may not be restored to a position requiring additional licensure or certification. SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE-MENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA. 825.700 Interaction with employing office’s policies. (a) An employing office must observe any employment benefit program or plan that provides greater family or medical leave rights to employees than the rights estab-lished by the FMLA. Conversely, the rights established by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, may not be diminished by any employment benefit program or plan. For ex-ample, a provision of a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) which provides for rein-statement to a position that is not equiva-lent because of seniority (e.g., provides lesser pay) is superseded by FMLA. If an employing office provides greater unpaid family leave rights than are afforded by FMLA, the em-ploying office is not required to extend addi-tional rights afforded by FMLA, such as maintenance of health benefits (other than through COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applicable), to the additional leave period not covered by FMLA. (b) Nothing in the FMLA, as made applica-ble by the CAA, prevents an employing office from amending existing leave and employee benefit programs, provided they comply with FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. How-ever, nothing in the FMLA, as made applica-ble by the CAA, is intended to discourage employing offices from adopting or retaining more generous leave policies. 825.701 [Reserved] 825.702 Interaction with anti-discrimination laws, as applied by section 201 of the CAA. (a) Nothing in the FMLA modifies or af-fects any applicable law prohibiting dis-crimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability (e.g., Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Discrimina-tion Act and as made applicable by the CAA). FMLA’s legislative history explains that FMLA is ‘‘not intended to modify or af-fect the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, the regulations concerning em-ployment which have been promulgated pur-suant to that statute, or the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 [as amended] or the regulations issued under that act. Thus, the leave provisions of the [FMLA] are wholly distinct from the reasonable accommodation obligations of employers covered under the [ADA] . . . or the Federal government itself. The purpose of the FMLA, as applied by the CAA, is to make leave available to eligible employees and [employing offices] within its coverage, and not to limit already existing rights and protection.’’ S. Rep. No. 3, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 38 (1993). An employing office must therefore provide leave under which-ever statutory provision provides the greater rights to employees. When an employer vio-lates both FMLA and a discrimination law, an employee may be able to recover under ei-ther or both statutes (double relief may not be awarded for the same loss; when remedies coincide a claimant may be allowed to uti-lize whichever avenue of relief is desired. Laffey v. Northwest Airlines, Inc., 567 F.2d 429, 445 (D.C. Cir. 1976), cert. denied, 434 U.S. 1086 (1978). (b) If an employee is a qualified individual with a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as made applicable by the CAA, the employing office must make reasonable accommoda-tions, etc., barring undue hardship, in accord-ance with the ADA. At the same time, the employing office must afford an employee his or her FMLA rights, as made applicable by the CAA. ADA’s ‘‘disability’’ and FMLA’s ‘‘serious health condition’’ are different con-cepts, and must be analyzed separately. FMLA entitles eligible employees to 12 weeks of leave in any 12-month period due to their own serious health condition, whereas the ADA allows an indeterminate amount of leave, barring undue hardship, as a reason-able accommodation. FMLA requires em-ploying offices to maintain employees’ group health plan coverage during FMLA leave on the same conditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been con-tinuously employed during the leave period, whereas ADA does not require maintenance of health insurance unless other employees receive health insurance during leave under the same circumstances. (c) (1) A reasonable accommodation under the ADA might be accomplished by providing an individual with a disability with a part- time job with no health benefits, assuming the employing office did not ordinarily pro-vide health insurance for part-time employ-ees. However, FMLA would permit an em-ployee to work a reduced leave schedule until the equivalent of 12 workweeks of leave were used, with group health benefits main-tained during this period. FMLA permits an employing office to temporarily transfer an employee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule to an alter-native position, whereas the ADA allows an accommodation of reassignment to an equiv-alent, vacant position only if the employee cannot perform the essential functions of the employee’s present position and an accom-modation is not possible in the employee’s present position, or an accommodation in the employee’s present position would cause an undue hardship. The examples in the fol-lowing paragraphs of this section dem-onstrate how the two laws would interact with respect to a qualified individual with a disability. (2) A qualified individual with a disability who is also an eligible employee entitled to FMLA leave requests 10 weeks of medical leave as a reasonable accommodation, which the employing office grants because it is not an undue hardship. The employing office ad-vises the employee that the 10 weeks of leave is also being designated as FMLA leave and will count towards the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. This designation does not prevent the parties from also treating the leave as a reasonable accommodation and re-instating the employee into the same job, as required by the ADA, rather than an equiva-lent position under FMLA, if that is the greater right available to the employee. At the same time, the employee would be enti-tled under FMLA to have the employing of-fice maintain group health plan coverage during the leave, as that requirement pro-vides the greater right to the employee. (3) If the same employee needed to work part-time (a reduced leave schedule) after re-turning to his or her same job, the employee would still be entitled under FMLA to have group health plan coverage maintained for the remainder of the two-week equivalent of FMLA leave entitlement, notwithstanding an employing office policy that part-time employees do not receive health insurance. This employee would be entitled under the ADA to reasonable accommodations to en-able the employee to perform the essential functions of the part-time position. In addi-tion, because the employee is working a part-time schedule as a reasonable accom-modation, the FMLA’s provision for tem-porary assignment to a different alternative position would not apply. Once the employee has exhausted his or her remaining FMLA leave entitlement while working the reduced (part-time) schedule, if the employee is a qualified individual with a disability, and if the employee is unable to return to the same full-time position at that time, the employee might continue to work part-time as a rea-sonable accommodation, barring undue hard-ship; the employee would then be entitled to only those employment benefits ordinarily provided by the employing office to part- time employees. (4) At the end of the FMLA leave entitle-ment, an employing office is required under FMLA to reinstate the employee in the same or an equivalent position, with equivalent pay and benefits, to that which the employee held when leave commenced. The employing office’s FMLA obligations would be satisfied if the employing office offered the employee an equivalent full-time position. If the em-ployee were unable to perform the essential functions of that equivalent position even with reasonable accommodation, because of a disability, the ADA may require the em-ploying office to make a reasonable accom-modation at that time by allowing the em-ployee to work part-time or by reassigning the employee to a vacant position, barring undue hardship. (d) (1) If FMLA entitles an employee to leave, an employing office may not, in lieu of FMLA leave entitlement, require an em-ployee to take a job with a reasonable ac-commodation. However, ADA may require that an employing office offer an employee the opportunity to take such a position. An employing office may not change the essen-tial functions of the job in order to deny FMLA leave. See 825.220(b). (2) An employee may be on a workers’ com-pensation absence due to an on-the-job in-jury or illness which also qualifies as a seri-ous health condition under FMLA. The workers’ compensation absence and FMLA leave may run concurrently (subject to prop-er notice and designation by the employing office). At some point the health care pro-vider providing medical care pursuant to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4516 June 22, 2016 
workers’ compensation injury may certify the employee is able to return to work in a light duty position. If the employing office offers such a position, the employee is per-mitted but not required to accept the posi-tion. See 825.220(d). As a result, the employee may no longer qualify for payments from the workers’ compensation benefit plan, but the employee is entitled to continue on unpaid FMLA leave either until the employee is able to return to the same or equivalent job the employee left or until the 12-week FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted. See 825.207 (e). If the employee returning from the work-ers’ compensation injury is a qualified indi-vidual with a disability, he or she will have rights under the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA. (e) If an employing office requires certifi-cations of an employee’s fitness for duty to return to work, as permitted by FMLA under a uniform policy, it must comply with the ADA requirement that a fitness for duty physical be job-related and consistent with business necessity. (f) Under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Dis-crimination Act, and as made applicable by the CAA, an employing office should provide the same benefits for women who are preg-nant as the employing office provides to other employees with short-term disabil-ities. Because Title VII does not require em-ployees to be employed for a certain period of time to be protected, an employee em-ployed for less than 12 months by the em-ploying office (and, therefore, not an ‘‘eligi-ble’’ employee under FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA) may not be denied mater-nity leave if the employing office normally provides short-term disability benefits to employees with the same tenure who are ex-periencing other short-term disabilities. (g) Under the Uniformed Services Employ-ment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq., veterans are entitled to receive all rights and benefits of employment that they would have ob-tained if they had been continuously em-ployed. Therefore, under USERRA, a return-ing servicemember would be eligible for FMLA leave if the months and hours that he or she would have worked for the civilian employing office during the period of ab-sence due to or necessitated by USERRA- covered service, combined with the months employed and the hours actually worked, meet the FMLA eligibility threshold of 12 months of employment and the hours of service requirement. See 825.110(b)(2)(i) and (c)(2) and 825.802(c). (h) For further information on Federal antidiscrimination laws applied by section 201 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311), including Title VII, the Rehabilitation Act, and the ADA, in-dividuals are encouraged to contact the Of-fice of Compliance. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 5447 AND H.R. 5456 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there are two bills at the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bills by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5447) to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reim-bursement arrangements. A bill (H.R. 5456) to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most fam-ily-like, and appropriate settings, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading, and I ob-ject to my own request, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the titles of the bills will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 23; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business until 10:30 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; fi-nally, that following morning business, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 2578. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:29 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 23, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE973 June 22, 2016 
ANNOUNCING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2016 CONGRESSIONAL VET-ERAN COMMENDATION FOR THE 16TH DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2016 recipients of the Congressional Veteran Commendation in the 16th District of Illinois. The eight veterans receiving this com-mendation have served this country honorably and fought for the freedoms we hold dearly. These veterans answered their country’s call during World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War, and they served with honor and distinction. As a fellow war veteran, I thank them for their patriotism and sacrifices on be-half of our nation. After these veterans served their country, they came home to serve their communities. They are civic leaders, active citizens, and many continue to serve their military brothers and sisters through veteran service organiza-tions. Although their mission has changed since returning to civilian life, their leadership and tenacity have not. The recipients of the 2016 Congressional Veteran Commendation are: Lance Corporal Glenn Borvansky of Marseilles, IL; Seaman Charles R. Brown of Diamond, IL; Sergeant John F. Duback of Ottawa, IL; Specialist Four Wayne A. Eichelkraut of Ottawa, IL; Sergeant Mervin Eutis of Grand Ridge, IL; Master Ser-geant Glen Maubach of Blackstone, IL; Spe-cialist Five Harold R. Olsen of Arlington, IL; and Specialist Five Richard Sanders of Dixon, IL. I am honored to be able to recognize these notable veterans. The recipients of this com-mendation serve as the embodiment of both military and civil service, and it is my hope they will inspire the next generation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent due to a delayed flight into Washington. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on H.R. 5388 (Roll Call No. 335). IN CELEBRATION OF MRS. EVEREE JIMERSON CLARKE’S 90TH BIRTHDAY HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 90th birthday of Mrs. Everee Jimerson Clarke of Pleasant City, Florida. Everee was born on July 6, 1926, to Cyn-thia and Reverend William Jimerson in Pleas-ant City, Florida. While she moved to Jackson-ville, Florida, as a child, she continued to maintain a strong connection with her home-town. She would regularly visit Pleasant City and attended Industrial High School. She attended college at the historically Black institution Lincoln University, before moving to New York to attend Julliard School of Music in the dance department. In 1960, she established the Everee School of Charm and Dance, while also becoming a political ac-tivist in Newark, New Jersey. Since she returned back to Pleasant City in 1965, she has been active in local politics and business development. In 1975 and 1976, Everee was recognized by ‘‘Who’s Who in Among Black Americans.’’ In 1987, she was appointed by Governor Bob Martinez and the Florida Senate to serve on the Broward Coun-ty Historic Preservation Board of Trustees. Pleasant City is the oldest African American Community in Palm Beach County. She has been committed to preserving its history and providing educational and cultural events, as well as opportunities for its descendants. Everee has received numerous awards for her service, including the Community Service Award from the Black Educators Caucus and the Daughters of the American Revolution. She was also awarded the Historic Preserva-tion Award from the City of West Palm Beach, and the Fannie James Pioneer Achievement Award from the historical Society of Palm Beach County. Mr. Speaker, on this momentous occasion, please join me in honoring Mrs. Everee Jimerson Clarke for her life of service and commitment to cultural preservation. I wish her a very happy 90th birthday, and many more years success and happiness to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Num-ber 334 on H.R. 5525, I am not recorded be-cause I was absent due to a weather-related flight cancellation. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 334, I was absent due to inclem-ent weather. Had I been present, I would have vote Yes. On Roll Call No. 335, I was absent due to inclement weather. Had I been present, I would have vote Yes. On Roll Call No. 336, I was absent due to inclement weather. Had I been present, I would have vote Yes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent due to a delayed flight into Washington. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on H.R. 5389 (Roll Call No. 336). 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 334, the End Taxpayer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016, had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
HONORING MARIE SPAK UPON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished service of Marie Spak who will retire after 43 years as office manager in the State Attorney’s office at the Tolland Judicial District. I had the special privilege of witnessing Marie’s diligent work for many years. First when I was an Assistant Public Defender and later as an attorney in private practice. Marie started her work with the judicial branch for the State of Connecticut in East Hartford dur-ing September of 1973. In 1974, she joined the State Attorney’s Office, where she worked with four different State’s Attorneys during her tenure. She is finishing her service as the most senior member of AFSCME in the Divi-sion of Criminal Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22JN8.001 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE974 June 22, 2016 
I had the privilege of witnessing her admi-rable and dedicated efforts during these years. Her command of the office operations, getting cases ready for court, lining up witnesses, and executing judgments for trials, probation, and incarcerations was outstanding. Her ability to perform was also shown in Marie never mak-ing a single mistake in the thousands of files she worked on. I honestly do not remember Marie ever making a mistake in the thousands of files she worked on, dealing with very sen-sitive issues such as citizens’ property and personal freedom. She is extraordinary. I also want to express my admiration for the way she handled all of the stress, drama, and emotion that were part of the office environ-ment, day in and day out. Marie was incredibly ‘‘cool, calm, and collected’’ in that arena, while at the same time always willing to listen and help visitors to the office, if she could. Marie always had a sense of humor—there were days when life in the Tolland Judicial District felt like a sitcom, with laughs and eye rolls. Also, at the same time, Marie balanced fam-ily life as a devoted daughter, wife, and moth-er. When I talked with Marie about her family, it was clear to me that they appropriately al-ways came first. Now, Marie embarks on this new chapter of her life, with the ability to spend more, well deserved, time with her fam-ily. I would like to thank her again for her out-standing service for 43 years and for setting an example of diligent, hard work for the pub-lic good for our state and region. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to an un-foreseen conflict, I unavoidably missed the fol-lowing votes on June 21, 2016. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: On roll call No. 334, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (June 21) (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 5525, ‘‘End Taxpayer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016.’’) On roll call No. 335, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (June 21) (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 5388, ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016.’’) On roll call No. 336, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (June 21) (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 5389, ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016.’’) 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent due to a delayed flight into Washington. Had I been present, I would have voted nay on H.R. 5525 (Roll Call No. 334). IN RECOGNITION OF ALDER CREEK MIDDLE SCHOOL RECEIVING A SCHOOLS TO WATCH AWARD HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate the students, fac-ulty, and staff of Alder Creek Middle School in Truckee, California for receiving the 2016 Schools to Watch award, which is presented to the top 145 middle schools nationwide. This is a great accomplishment for Alder Creek and Northern California. The Schools to Watch award recognizes Alder Creek’s academic excellence, develop-mental responsiveness, and social equity after a rigorous review process to identify middle schools achieving excellence in each cat-egory. Alder Creek has exemplified academic ex-cellence by challenging its students and en-couraging them to use their minds in ways that surpass typical middle school curriculum. The instruction and assessment at schools recognized for receiving the Schools to Watch award are aligned with ideals that focus on every student’s understanding of essential concepts and skills that are applicable beyond the classroom. The teaching methods at Alder Creek involve a variety of engaging and effec-tive activities, allowing students’ talents to flourish. Additionally, Alder Creek is praised for its ability to successfully address and accommo-date the various developmental challenges of early adolescence and the needs of each of its students. Alder Creek provides each stu-dent with a personalized environment that supports unique ethical, social, physical, and intellectual aspects of development. Alder Creek’s teachers support every student’s curi-osity and creativity in a well-organized, en-couraging environment coupled with relevant curriculum catered to the personal interests of the adolescents. Mr. Speaker, Alder Creek Middle School has earned a prestigious spot as one of the best in the country. I am honored to share this proud moment with the nation and congratu-late Alder Creek’s faculty, staff, and students on their tremendous accomplishment. 
f 
HONORING K–9 OFFICER DARA AND OFFICER ANDREW KALET 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize K–9 Officer Dara and her handler, Officer Andrew Kalet, of the City of Auburn Police Department, for their valiant actions in quickly apprehending and securing a dan-gerous and high risk suspect who fled police on February 26, 2013. The fleeing suspect had attempted to dis-pose of valuable evidence, but thanks to K–9 Officer Dara’s fearless and efficient actions, officers were able to recover this evidence, and no officers were hurt while working to ap-prehend the suspect. Though K–9 Officer Dara is now retired, her actions secured the safety of everyone in-volved in a volatile situation and she deserves to be properly recognized for her heroic ac-tions. I am honored to pay tribute to K–9 Offi-cer Dara and Officer Andrew Kalet for their brave actions that led to a safe ending of a tense situation. I would also like to recognize all K–9 Offi-cers and their handlers for the extraordinary work they do each and every day. K–9 Offi-cers approach every situation, no matter how dangerous with complete and total confidence and fearlessness to protect their human part-ners. K–9 Officers are an asset to all law en-forcement and I am proud to recognize them for their service. f 
PERSONALIZE YOUR CARE ACT 2.0 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, one of the most difficult and challenging situations any family faces is dealing with circumstances sur-rounding end of life. From sweeping changes to how care is delivered, to the rise of person-alized medicine, patients today have more treatment options than ever before. With these medical advances, the line between life and death can sometimes be blurred, which has changed the way we must talk about how we want to live and die. There is substantial evidence that suggests the care individuals want to receive at the end of life is not necessarily the type of care they do receive. Oftentimes patients receive ag-gressive treatment that not only substantially shortens the length of life, but the quality. Other times, patients find the health care sys-tem undervalues the quality of their life, with-holding treatments they would otherwise want to receive. To this end, individuals should have the op-portunity to participate actively in making deci-sions about their health care throughout their lives and receive care consistent with their val-ues, goals, and informed preferences. Patients should feel empowered to make informed choice about the health care they want and to have their care decisions honored by their pro-viders and family. During the Affordable Care Act debate, I saw an opportunity to apply lessons learned in Oregon with its landmark comprehensive pal-liative care programs that give patients more of a say about the medical treatment they want at the end of life. I worked to ensure that Congress included a payment for doctors to talk to patients and families about advance care planning in the Affordable Care Act. Un-fortunately, this provision wasn’t included in the final legislation due to a breakdown of the legislative process. Last year, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) finalized a new ben-efit, allowing doctors to receive reimbursement to have voluntary advance care planning con-versations with their patients. For the first time, the federal government has placed a value on these critical doctor-patient discus-sions. Yet my work to improve end-of-life care is far from over, and it is for these reasons that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.005 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE975 June 22, 2016 
I am introducing the bipartisan Personalize Your Care Act 2.0, legislation that will strengthen end-of-life care by establishing new models of care delivery that will better manage advanced illness, improve quality of care, and enhance training, resources, and tools for pro-viders, patients, and their families. Ideally, health care should work in sync with social, psychological, and spiritual support as the end of life approaches. Care near the end of life must be patient-centered and family-ori-ented. This legislation is supported by patient advocates, physicians, nurses, and the faith community, who understand how advance care planning fundamentally improves quality of care and quality of life. To that end, I ask my colleagues to join me and support this im-portant piece of legislation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was de-layed in my return to Washington, D.C. due to inclement weather and missed the following votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘No’’ on roll call No. 334, on the End Tax-payer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016 (H.R. 5525); and, ‘‘Yes’’ on roll call No. 335, on the Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016 (H.R. 5388); and, ‘‘Yes’’ on roll call No. 336, on Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016 (H.R. 5389). 
f 
HONORING WAYNE COUNTY SHER-IFF’S DEPUTY CRAIG PAGNOTTI 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Deputy Craig Pagnotti of the Wayne County Sheriff’s Department. On Saturday, May 28, 2016, Deputy Pagnotti apprehended two different suspects, each on a separate fel-ony charge, over the course of the day. On May 28, around 9:00 a.m., Deputy Pagnotti responded to a domestic complaint in Lyons, New York. Upon arrival, the suspect, who had an outstanding warrant for his arrest, fled the scene on foot. Without hesitation, Deputy Pagnotti pursued and apprehended the suspect, pulling a tendon in his arm while taking the suspect into custody. Deputy Pagnotti was admitted to the hospital, where he received a cast for his injured arm. Shortly after being discharged from the hos-pital, Deputy Pagnotti continued with his shift and pulled over a vehicle for speeding, just outside of Arcadia, New York. After Deputy Pagnotti discovered drugs in the vehicle, the suspect fled on foot, striking the Deputy in the face and arm. Shortly after the suspect was apprehended, Deputy Pagnotti was taken to the hospital and diagnosed with a broken left arm. I am honored to recognize Deputy Pagnotti for his heroic actions on May 28, 2016. Dep-uty Pagnotti’s efforts in this situation exemplify the commitment and dedication of the Wayne County Sheriff’s Department. I want to thank Deputy Pagnotti and all those serving in law enforcement in Wayne County and throughout the 24th District. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 335 the Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016, had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Num-ber 335 on H.R. 5388, I am not recorded be-cause I was absent due to a weather-related flight cancellation. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TROOPER SHAUN SMITH 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Trooper Shaun Smith of the New York State Police. On Thursday, June 2, 2016, Trooper Smith saved the life of a 12-year old child. On June 2, Trooper Smith, who was off-duty at the time, was swimming laps at the Norwest Family YMCA in Lysander, New York, when he noticed a 12-year old suddenly go into car-diac arrest and fall underneath the water. With the help of the 12-year old’s friend, Trooper Smith pulled the boy out of the water and im-mediately began administering CPR. Shortly after, a lifeguard assisted in applying an AED to the 12-year old boy. Trooper Smith was also assisted by a registered nurse and a res-piratory therapist who happened to be in the area during the event. I am honored to recognize Trooper Smith for his heroic actions on June 2, 2016. The 12-year old boy is now fully recovered thanks to his brave actions. Trooper Smith’s efforts in this situation exemplify the dedication of the New York State Police. I want to thank Troop-er Smith and all New York State Police offi-cers for their bravery and commitment to serv-ing our communities. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL SEAN C. BRAZIEL 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the service of Lieu-tenant Colonel Sean C. Braziel, who serves as the Strategic Operations Officer for the Marine Corps Intelligence Activity (MCIA). Sean will retire from the Marine Corps on September 1st, 2016, after 20 years of distinguished and faithful service to this great nation. Throughout his unique career, Lieutenant Colonel Braziel has had the opportunity to serve our country in capacities that span intelligence analysis, policy, and operations. Prior to his current assignment, Lieutenant Colonel Braziel served as the head of Intel-ligence Plans and Policy for Headquarters Ma-rine Corps, and as the Marine Corps liaison officer to the Director of the Central Intel-ligence Agency (CIA) where he planned sen-sitive, strategic operations and briefed cabinet- level officials to positively affect U.S. national security objectives. At the CIA, he also served as the chief of crisis operations, leading joint military and interagency teams to more than 27 countries serving in combat operations on 13 separate deployments in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other contingency areas. As a major, Lieutenant Colonel Braziel served as the intel-ligence officer for the 26th Marine Expedi-tionary Unit where he led the intelligence effort for crisis and contingency operations, and inte-grated the first Marine Special Operations Company detachment to deploy aboard U.S. Navy shipping. Sean was the head of the Im-agery Branch for MCIA where he tasked and integrated national collection assets to support Marine Corps and Navy operations in the wake of 9/11. He also served as the Air Com-bat Element intelligence officer for the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit, the air combat in-telligence officer, 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing, and the Marine Aircraft Group–16 intelligence officer. In addition to his distinguished career as a Marine, Sean has used his talents to inspire the youth of this nation as a head coach for junior hockey and is a volunteer coach and speaker to USA Hockey’s National Team De-velopment Program in Plymouth, Michigan. He has led and developed athletes and diverse teams toward success, including the 2015 U– 18 AA Youth Hockey National Championship. He has spoken at the semi-annual NCAA Divi-sion I Coaches Symposium on ethics in coaching and leading elite teams. Lieutenant Colonel Braziel is married to the former Janet Jumper of Burke, VA. He has one son, Collin, and he and Janet have two daughters, Claire and Chelsea. The love and support of his family has aided and strength-ened Sean throughout his service and I con-gratulate them as well on this special occa-sion. I am proud to share in the celebration of Lieutenant Colonel Braziel’s military career. As he and his family move to this next chapter of life, I wish Sean ‘‘fair winds and following seas’’ as he embarks on his future endeavors. Semper Fidelis, Marine. f 
SIT-IN PROTEST ON GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues sitting in on the House floor in tribute to the victims of the Or-lando nightclub shooting and all those who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.007 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE976 June 22, 2016 
have lost their lives or loved ones to sense-less gun violence. Congress has repeatedly failed to pass gun safety measures that would protect our communities while preserving the rights of responsible gun owners. While I am a staunch supporter of the Second Amend-ment, I believe that strengthening background checks, eliminating gun show loopholes, and preventing potential terrorists from acquiring assault weapons will not limit the rights of law-ful gun owners to protect and defend them-selves. Make no mistake; this is not an at-tempt to take guns away from law-abiding citi-zens—these are commonsense gun safety measures. We must set aside party politics and work together in the best interests of our nation to reduce gun violence and senseless killings. Mr. Speaker, the rising tide of gun violence continues to claim far too many lives. It’s time for Congress to act. I urge my colleagues to take up gun safety measures that will protect our families and our communities. We cannot continue to mourn these tragedies without doing all we can to prevent them. 
f 
HONORING SUSAN LUCKIE REILLY ON THE OCCASION OF HER 100TH BIRTHDAY AND HER MANY CON-TRIBUTIONS TO THE JOSHUA TREE NATIONAL PARK 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate the 100th birthday of Ms. Susan Luckie Reilly. Susan is a former ranger at Joshua Tree National Park and she was born in 1916, the same year the National Park Service (NPS) was founded. Ms. Reilly is a graduate of Stanford Univer-sity, where she studied psychology, sociology, and political science, and went on to join the NPS in 1965 where she worked as a seasonal ranger and naturalist for Joshua Tree National Park. It was in the desert where she devel-oped a life-long love for conservation efforts and preservation of the desert area. In 1969, Ms. Reilly founded the Morongo Basin Conservation Association (MBCA), a successful grassroots effort to prevent a utility company from degrading wildlife and the nat-ural beauty of the Morongo Basin in order to run a massive power transmission corridor straight through the heart of the basin. The MBCA has remained committed to advocating for the safety, health, and preservation of the desert area. In 2004, Ms. Reilly was the recipient of the prestigious Minerva Hoyt Award, which recog-nizes individuals that promote conservation ef-forts and leave a lasting impact on California deserts. In 2013, she was awarded the Women of Distinction Award from Congress-man P
AUL COOK, an honor bestowed on women who demonstrate outstanding leader-ship and integrity. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Reilly has been an inspi-ration to both her community and this country throughout her 100 years on this Earth. Let’s all join in celebrating this special day with her and wishing her a happy 100th Birthday. SHEILA WHITE HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 10th anniversary of the landmark Supreme Court ruling in Burlington Northern & Santa Fe Railway Co. v. White. The Court held, unani-mously, that workers who stand up against workplace discrimination are entitled to protec-tion against a broad array of retaliatory actions by their employers. The case, and the vital precedent that it set—that the scope of the Civil Rights Act of 1964’s, ‘‘antiretaliation provision extends be-yond workplace-related or employment related retaliatory acts and harms’’—would not have been possible but for the courage of my con-stituent, Sheila White, from Memphis, Ten-nessee. In 1997, Ms. White was working as a forklift operator at the Tennessee Yard of Burlington Northern & Santa Fe Railway. At the time she was the only woman in her department. Ms. White complained that her supervisor had been sexually harassing her. The company disciplined her supervisor, but also reassigned Ms. White to a less desirable position. After Ms. White filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the railway suspended her without pay for more than a month for insubordination. Ms. White’s story is a true profile in cour-age. Even though the company eventually found that she was not insubordinate, rein-stated her and gave her backpay, she none-theless persisted with her lawsuit to set the record straight. She knew, and the Supreme Court ultimately agreed, that the way she had been treated fell far short of the protections established by Congress in the Civil Rights Act. As Justice Breyer explained, ‘‘The signifi-cance of the congressional judgment that vic-tims of intentional discrimination can recover compensatory and punitive damages to make them whole would be undermined if employers could avoid liability in these circumstances. . . . An indefinite suspension without pay could well act as a deterrent to the filing of a discrimination complaint, even if the sus-pended employee eventually received back-pay.’’ As we commemorate the 10th anniversary of this case, I want to publicly thank Ms. White—for her bravery, for her perseverance, and for her continued leadership on behalf of workplace fairness. Our nation is better be-cause of Sheila White. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 334, 335, and 336. Had I been present, I would have voted nay on Roll Call vote number 334 and aye on both Roll Call votes 335 and 336. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, like many of my colleagues, I missed votes on three bills, considered under the suspension of the rules, due to inclement weather. Had I been present for the vote on H.R. 5525, the End Taxpayer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016, I would have emphatically voted ‘‘no.’’ This misguided legislation would se-verely undermine the Lifeline program, a pro-gram critical to public safety and an important part of the pathway out of poverty. Low-in-come Americans, whether they are elderly, disabled, low-income veterans, victims of do-mestic violence, or part of another vulnerable group, need access to 9–1–1 services and job opportunities, a key purpose of the Lifeline program. This vital program should be ex-panded, not restricted. The majority has no business bringing it up under suspension of the rules. On H.R. 5388, the Support for Rapid Inno-vation Act of 2016, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ This bill would require the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to research ways to improve the nation’s cybersecurity systems and disseminate their finds with other relevant federal departments and agencies, industry and academia. On H.R. 5389, the Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ The bill would require DHS to create a strategic plan to partner with technology devel-opers and firms to combat cyberthreats. 
f 
CRYSTAL CLINE IS A BOWLING CHAMPION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Crystal Cline for winning the 2016 Texas High School Bowling Girls’ singles championship. Crystal Cline is a student at Morton Ranch High School in Katy, Texas. She was selected as one of 65 elite students from the state to participate in the tournament. She averaged a score of 201 in the qualifying round, earning her the 13th seed moving forward. In the semifinals, Crystal eliminated the 2015 girls’ champion. She won the final round with a solid score of 222–173. We are proud of Crys-tal, and can’t wait to see what she does next. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Morton Ranch’s Crystal Cline for winning the 2016 Texas High School Bowling Girls’ singles championship. Thank you for bringing this awesome championship to the Katy School District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JN8.010 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE977 June 22, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall no. 336, the Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016, had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
RECOGNIZING IVAN MARAS 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Ivan Maras, a vet-eran, retired teacher, and Congressional Gold Medal recipient. When he was drafted by the Army during the Korean War, Ivan was permitted to finish his college degree before enlistment. In 1953, he left his hometown of Bulpitt and was shipped to South Korea, where he was as-signed to serve in the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the Borinqueneers. Earlier this year, the entire regiment was honored with the Con-gressional Gold Medal for their valiant service and devotion to duty. When Ivan joined the 65th, it was a unit of predominantly Puerto Rican soldiers that had been recently integrated. He soon found him-self in the heat of the action on the front lines at Inchon, where he described the explosions to be ‘‘like the Fourth of July every night.’’ Ivan learned that some men in the regiment were unable to read and write, so he and oth-ers set up tents to start teaching. He then spent the remainder of his enlistment using his college degree to teach at a makeshift school established by the military in Korea. After the war, Ivan returned to central Illinois where he worked as a teacher in Kincaid for nearly fifty years. I am proud to represent soldiers like Ivan who go above and beyond the call of duty every day. I am honored to serve the brave men and women who sacrificed so much for our country. Congratulations on this pres-tigious honor, Ivan. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SUSAN M CKEE 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to Riverside County, California, are exceptional. On June 22nd, Sue McKee will be retiring from the Uni-versity of California, Riverside (UCR) after nearly 25 years of dedicated service. Sue is the Assistant Vice Chancellor of Gov-ernmental and Community Relations at UCR and she has worked tirelessly in that role as an advocate for UCR at the local, state, and federal levels. Her more recent accomplish-ments include securing funding for the first public medical school in California in over 40 years and relocating the California Air Re-sources Board (CARB) air pollution lab to the UCR campus. This new CARB facility, com-bined with UCR’s existing related expertise through its Center for Environmental Research and Technology, will make Riverside the world’s center for transportation and air quality research—and, in large part, this achievement is thanks to Sue McKee. Sue is a wife, a mother, and an amazing champion for the Inland Empire. In addition to serving UCR, she has served her community by advocating for those less fortunate and mentoring the next generation of Inland Em-pire leaders and advocates. Sue serves as the Chair of the Riverside County’s Community Action Partnership and is a former Program Chair for Leadership Riverside through the Greater Riverside Chambers of Commerce. Sue also has donated her time to the Child-hood Cancer Foundation of Southern Cali-fornia, the Raincross Group, and the Regional Advisory Board of the Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Inland Empire. I have had the privilege of knowing Sue McKee for nearly 20 years. During that time, I have found her to be the best kind of advo-cate through her compassion, intellect, sense of humor, and her commitment to UCR’s mis-sion to serve its students and the region. I ap-plaud Sue’s service and I will truly miss work-ing with her upon her retirement. However, her service and her achievements will have a longstanding and truly positive impact on our community. f 
JOE ADAMS RETIRES FROM KATY ISD BOARD OF TRUSTEES 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joe Adams on his retirement from the Katy Independent School District (KISD) Board of Trustees, after serving 27 years. When Mr. Adams attended his first school groundbreaking 27 years ago, there was noth-ing but prairie to the west of this brand new elementary school. Since the beginning of Adams’ tenure on the board, the area has transformed into a booming, busy suburban district. The Katy ISD enrollment has also in-creased by 53,000 with 41 new schools open-ing under his watch. Adams fondest memories are standing on the stage at graduations and congratulating outgoing KISD seniors on their accomplishments. The residents of Katy have been well served by his leadership in helping ensure a strong education for our students. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations and thank you to Joe Adams for his 27 years of service on the Katy ISD board of trustees. We appreciate your service and dedication to Katy. RED ROCKS COMMUNITY COLLEGE INNOVATION CHALLENGE HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the team from Red Rocks Community College on be-coming a finalist for a second year in a row in the National Science Foundation’s Community College Innovation Challenge. This program serves as an innovative way for community college students to partner with local indus-tries to create pioneering STEM-based solu-tions for real world issues. The Community College Innovation Challenge is an important example of encouraging STEM education and research for our nation’s students and future leaders. I congratulate all of the competition’s participants for their work on a variety of im-portant projects. The Red Rocks Team tackled water con-servation which has become a critical issue in the western United States as we tackle long- term drought and the demand for water re-sources increases. Cooling towers are used in large office and industrial buildings for air con-ditioning. Through typical use of cooling tow-ers, these systems must discharge and then replace water to continue operation in a proc-ess called blow down. These students have worked to improve the efficiency of the blow down process through reverse osmosis, ion exchange, and various filter media which re-duces water consumption and saves money. This advance is important for reducing water consumption and can be scaled up for com-mercial deployment across the country. I congratulate the Red Rocks Team of Matt Armijo, Mike Fisher, Sean Kelly, Valeria Mokrushova, Danny Rogers, and their faculty advisory Jeremy Beard for their success. I ap-plaud these students for their dedication to this important project and their leadership and commitment to STEM education blazing a path for our country’s future leaders and innovators. I am proud of the work Red Rocks Community College does every day and I look forward to seeing what the school and these students accomplish in the years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded yesterday. I was absent because my flight was delayed by the poor weather in the Washington, D.C. area. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call No. 334: NAY; Roll Call No. 335: AYE; and Roll Call No. 336: AYE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.015 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE978 June 22, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF INVESTI-GATOR JEAN PIERRE GRILLO UPON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Jean Pierre Grillo who will re-tire after 26 years as Investigator for the State’s Attorney’s office at the Tolland Judicial District, located in Union, Connecticut. The State’s Attorney’s office handles all prosecu-tion of criminal offenses from minor infractions to major felonies. The Investigator’s role is to be a liaison between all police departments, local and state, as well as to coordinate the State’s Attorney’s arraignments, bond hear-ings, trials, and sentencing. Jean Paul, or J.P. as he is known, has done an outstanding job over the last 26 years handling these tasks. I have been privileged to see Investigator Grillo’s work up close. Before assuming his duties 26 years ago, J.P. had a 17 year law enforcement career with the Norwich and Dan-ielson Police Departments. Investigator Grillo is also a Veteran who served with the U.S. Naval Reserves. It was clear that J.P.’s analysis and judg-ment of the cases he handled was considered invaluable by the attorneys he worked with. In essence, he was a de facto attorney when it came to strategy and tactics in handling cases. I can attest to the fact that J.P.’s expe-rience working as a police officer and his in-nate sense of fairness were invaluable assets to the attorneys he assisted. I admire the respectful way he interacted with visitors to the office and courtroom. Crimi-nal courts are high stress environments and people walk in confused and anxious. He al-ways treated people courteously and politely which kept the pace in the building day in and day out. I would like to congratulate Investigator Grillo on an outstanding career, and for setting such an incredible example for us all in how to use the public trust that working for the people of Connecticut involves. It has been a pleasure having him in the State’s Attorney’s Office, and I wish him and his family all the best in this new, exciting chapter of their lives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Numbers 334 through 336, I was not present due to airplane flight delays caused by inclem-ent weather. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 334, ‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 335, and ‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 336. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,256,656,157,468.52. We’ve added $8,629,779,108,555.44 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Num-ber 336 on H.R. 5389, I am not recorded be-cause I was absent due to a weather-related flight cancellation. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JULIA MAE PRIMUS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Julia Mae Primus, a dear friend of mine, who sadly passed away on June 18, 2016. Julia was born on June 25, 1924 in Lees-burg, Florida, where she attended the Lake County Training School and graduated val-edictorian of her class. Once she finished high school, she enrolled at Florida A&M University (FAMU), where she earned a bachelor’s de-gree in early childhood education. She later took graduate courses at Northwestern Univer-sity before obtaining her Master’s Degree in Speech Therapy and Pathology from the Uni-versity of South Florida. Julia paved the way for African American women as the first African American woman to be selected as a member of the Board of Di-rectors of the Lutheran Church Missouri Synod for the Florida-Georgia District. She was also a strong presence in the Florida A&M Univer-sity (FAMU) community having pledged Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, and having chartered the Broward County Alumnae Chapter, serving two terms as the 1st Chapter President. After college, she became the first African American speech therapist hired by the Broward County school system and served for forty years as a dedicated teacher and speech therapist. She devoted her life to educating fu-ture generations and to constantly serving as a role model to not only her pupils, but to all of us who were honored to have her in our lives. She leaves to cherish her memory her daughter Juliette Wise, her son Theodore Pri-mus, four grandchildren: Dawn Wise McGowan, Walter Wise, III (Marla), Theodore Primus, and Julian Primus; great grandsons: George McGowan, Ryan McGowan, Walter Wise, IV, Grant Wise, Gerald Wise; special friend Demetria Broadnax, and many other close and loving friends. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Julia Mae Primus, whose service to the people of Florida is a shining example for us all. Her spirit and memory will always live on. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN ABNEY CULBERSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 334, I am not recorded because of travel delays due to inclement weather in the DC area. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
SUPPORTING ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. During the month of June, we recognize the more than five million Americans living with Alzheimer’s and recom-mit ourselves to supporting those affected by the disease and their caregivers. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States, with someone de-veloping the disease every 66 seconds. As an Appropriations Committee Member, I have made it a priority to properly fund the National Institutes of Health so they can continue their cutting-edge research on diseases like Alz-heimer’s. As a Representative of South Florida, this issue hits home for my constituents and me. Florida has the highest percentage of older adults in the U.S., as well as residents living with intellectual and developmental disabilities that are older than the national average. These populations are concentrated in South Florida, where nursing home costs are 50 per-cent above the national average. This is a so-bering reality for many of my constituents and their families, which is why I will continue working to ensure that the NIH has the fund-ing it needs to find better ways to treat the dis-ease, delay its onset, and prevent it from de-veloping. Recognizing Alzheimer’s and Brain Aware-ness Month is a small step forward in the fight against this deadly disease, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting federal in-vestments in finding a cure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.021 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE979 June 22, 2016 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DR. W. DWIGHT ARMSTRONG FOR HIS OUTSTANDING SERVICE AS CEO OF THE NATIONAL FFA ORGANI-ZATION AND FOUNDATION 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. W. Dwight Armstrong on the occasion of his retirement from the Na-tional FFA Organization and Foundation. For the past several years, Dwight has devoted his life to providing an exceptional educational experience to young leaders interested in agri-culture. Located in Indianapolis, Indiana, the National FFA Center is home to the National FFA Organization, an organization committed to the individual student, providing a path to achievement in premier leadership, personal growth, and career success through agricul-tural education, and the National FFA Founda-tion, which builds partnerships with industry, education, government, foundations and indi-viduals to secure resources for the future of education, agriculture and student leader de-velopment. The National FFA Organization and Foundation flourished immensely under Dwight’s strong leadership and the Hoosier community is forever grateful for his dedication to our country’s future leaders. Dwight has demonstrated a lifetime passion for agriculture and the growth of our country. Growing up on a small farm right outside of Kuttawa, Kentucky, his love for agriculture began at a young age. He attended Lyon County High School, where he was an active leader in the National FFA Organization. Upon graduating high school, he went on to pursue higher education in this vital field of study. He received his Bachelor of Science in Agriculture from Murray State University in 1971. After re-ceiving his bachelor’s, Dwight relocated to the Hoosier state to attend Purdue University, where he received his Master’s and PhD in Animal Science in 1973 and 1975, respec-tively. Before he began his tenure with the Na-tional FFA Organization and Foundation, he served in a number of positions that helped prepare him for his role as the leader of the National FFA. From 1975 to 1982, Dwight served as faculty in the Animal Sciences De-partment at North Carolina State University and was engaged with teaching, research, and extension work in swine nutrition. From 1982– 2000, he held a number of leadership roles and eventually became President at Ackey Inc. in Ohio, a company providing nutritional solutions for animals and livestock throughout the United States. When Ackey was acquired by Provimi, a public company based out of the Netherlands, Dwight continued progressing with the company. From 2000 to 2008, Dwight served as CEO of North American Nutrition Companies, Director of the Americas, and eventually became Vice President of the Glob-al Group. In this last role, he lived in the Neth-erlands and had operational responsibilities for Provimi’s businesses in the Americas, France and Switzerland, and also served as a global innovation leader. In 2008, he retired from Provimi and started his own consulting business with a focus on animal nutrition and agribusiness, and finally, in 2009, Dwight joined the National FFA Orga-nization as its COO and was later named CEO. In 2014, he was also named CEO of the National FFA Foundation and served both the Organization and the Foundation in a joint ap-pointment. Dwight’s extensive and diverse background in the agriculture world made him an impec-cable candidate to lead the National FFA. Dur-ing his seven-year tenure, he has overseen an era of dramatic growth and success. Under his leadership, the organization increased partici-pation exponentially and achieved an all-time record high membership of 629,367. This in-crease in student participation led to a vast in-crease in attendance at the National FFA Con-vention & Expo, making it the largest annual student gathering in the nation. He also solidi-fied close collaboration and complementary strategic direction for both the National FFA Organization and the National FFA Founda-tion. The National FFA Foundation achieved record results in their annual fundraising ef-forts and campaigns. These notable records set under Dwight’s guidance exemplify the sig-nificant and essential contributions he made to both the National FFA Organization and Foun-dation. Dwight’s success as a leader in agriculture and astonishing dedication to our future farm-ers and leaders has not gone unnoticed. He has received numerous awards and recogni-tions, including the Distinguished Agricultural Alumni Award from Purdue (1995), American Society of Animal Science Fellow Award (2000), Outstanding Agriculture Alumni Award from Murray State University (2002), Honorary American FFA Degree (2005), National FFA VIP Award (2006), Distinguished Alumnus Award from Murray State University (2007), and the Distinguished Service Award from the American Feed Industry Association (2009). Due to his outstanding guidance and service, he has been asked to serve on a variety of agricultural and not-for-profit boards through-out the years, including the American Society of Animal Science board (1996–1998), Animal Agricultural Alliance board of trustees (1998– 2001), American Feed Industry Association board (1998–2001), National FFA Foundation Sponsors’ Board (2000–2005), Professional Services board (2009–present), Mathile Insti-tute board (2011–present), and Shoulder to Shoulder board (2012–present). Agriculture is an essential part of not only our nation, but the entire world. Dwight has made a remarkable impression on the world of agriculture and the future leaders of our great nation. He left a legacy of success that will continue to be seen through the work and ef-forts of our young farmers and future leaders for decades to come. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District, I’d like to con-gratulate Dwight on his noteworthy career and extend a huge thank you for all the wonderful contributions he has made to the Hoosier community and our country as a whole. I wish the very best to Dwight, his wife, Judy, and their family as he enjoys a well-deserved re-tirement. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF SUSAN TOLCHIN HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker. I rise today to remember the life of Susan J. Tolchin, some-one whom I had the privilege to work with and who I had long admired for her curiosity, her judgment, and her concern for others. An ardent feminist, who along with her hus-band Marty, brought attention to the plight of middle-class working women, a class of Amer-icans often overlooked and rarely chronicled, Susan and Marty authored several books to-gether, all of which highlighted the mecha-nisms that the Tolchin’s considered ‘‘occupa-tional hazards of democracy.’’ As an author and a professor, Susan fo-cused on and scrutinized political patronage and its many pitfalls, and was one of the first political scientists to identify growing voter dis-enchantment and disillusion with their govern-ment. She wisely concluded that these con-cerns were deeply rooted in the women’s and worker’s rights issues, largely discounted and ignored by policymakers, but which she sought to highlight through her teaching and writings. In her seminal and sage work on political patronage, Susan redefined political patronage as that which ‘‘includes the vast range of fa-vors awarded by constantly expanding govern-ments.’’ Likewise, her work on evolving voter anger was cutting-edge analysis, far ahead of her peers. For those who had the fortune to know her, Susan was an engaging and charming con-versationalist, with a natural curiosity and abil-ity to learn from others. She was always learn-ing and seeking new ideas, and applying this knowledge to her scholarship in the classroom and in her writings in political journals, maga-zines and books. Susan’s legacy of scholarship has provided those of us who also champion women’s and laborers’ rights with a critical knowledge base. Her work was inspirational, and insightful, and helped me and many others to understand trends and the undercurrents that caused them which others might have missed. Susan was not only dedicated to struggles of the working, middle-class women, but also to her family, whom she loved dearly. She and her husband Martin worked closely together for many decades, authoring many books. She adored her daughter Karen, also a professor, and their charming grandson, Charlie. The tragic loss of their son Charles from a series of health setbacks in 2003 was a show of strength, love and compassion, how a sup-portive family rallies behind a son in need, with courage and resilience. They were quite a team, Susan and Marty, always joyful and supportive of each other, in the best of times and in challenging times. Those who were fortunate to have known and loved Susan, or who had followed her work, will miss her terribly. Her passion was an inspiration for many, and one can only hope that her passing will not be the last chapter of her story, but that she will continue to inspire countless others. She certainly in-spired me. I submit the following list of books authored or co-authored by Susan Tolchin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.028 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE980 June 22, 2016 
‘To the Victor: Political Patronage from the Clubhouse to the White House’, 1971 by Susan Tolchin and Martin Tolchin. ‘Clout: Womanpower and Politics’, 1974 by Susan Tolchin and Martin Tolchin. ‘Dismantling America: The Rush to De-regulate’, 1985 by Susan Tolchin and Martin Tolchin. ‘Buying into America’, 1988 by Susan Tolchin and Martin Tolchin. ‘Selling Our Security’, 1993 by Susan Tolchin and Martin Tolchin. ‘The Angry American: How Voter Rage Is Changing the Nation’, 1998 by Susan Tolchin. ‘A World Ignited: How Apostles of Ethnic, Religious, and Racial Hatred Torch the Globe’, 2007 by Susan Tolchin and Martin Tolchin. ‘Glass Houses: Congressional Ethics And The Politics of Venom’, 2009, by Susan Tolchin and Martin Tolchin. ‘Introduction to American Government’, 2013 By Brigid Harrison, Jean Harris, Susan Tolchin. ‘Pinstripe Patronage’, 2015, by Susan Tolchin and Martin Tolchin. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN ABNEY CULBERSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 335 I am not recorded because of travel delays due to inclement weather in the DC area. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. BARBARA RISSER 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Dr. Barbara Risser on her retirement and recognize her outstanding career in the field of higher education. Dr. Risser has served as president of Finger Lakes Community College since 2007. During her tenure, she oversaw a major renovation project that drastically improved the college’s campus, introduced new initiatives to grow the size of the student body, and secured funding to enhance the college’s academic programs. As a result of her efforts, FLCC was recently recognized as one of the fastest growing com-munity colleges in the country. As president of FLCC, Dr. Risser launched an active strategic planning process and de-veloped strong ties with our local community. She established an advisory committee of K– 12 superintendents and expanded the services offered to local high school students. In rec-ognition of her efforts, the Canandaigua Chamber of Commerce honored Dr. Risser with the Athena Award for professional excel-lence and leadership. For nearly four decades, Dr. Risser has worked to ensure that young people have the skills and knowledge necessary to enter the workforce and achieve success. Prior to be-ginning her tenure as the fourth president of FLCC, Dr. Risser served for 28 years as a professor and administrator at Onondaga Community College. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Dr. Barbara Risser on her successful career and wishing her all the best in her well- deserved retirement. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIM HUELSKAMP 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, on June 21, 2016, I was not present for rollcall vote number 334, 335, and 336 due to weath-er-related travel delays returning to Wash-ington from Kansas. If I had been in attend-ance, I would have voted yes on roll call votes 334, 335, and 336. 
f 
ANGIE’S STORY 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, Angie LeGore was a beautiful girl with a heart of gold and a smile that would light up a room. She loved to sing and would sing with her mother in church. Angie loved dressing up and she loved dress-ing in jeans and wrestling in the dirt with her brothers. Because of her character, compas-sion and listening ear, children with troubles were attracted to Angie. She became the go to person for help. Angie loved writing and kept journals about what she wanted her life to look like when she grew up. Angie was fo-cused on a career as a journalist. Telling sto-ries was an art of Angie’s. Unfortunately, Angie’s one weakness would be her downfall. Angie wanted friends to like her and so she was a follower. Before she knew it, Angie fol-lowed others right into a life of addiction. In 1997, Angie admitted to her mother that she was using heroin. Her mother, at the time, was uneducated about the drug and said, ‘‘Angie, if you love me you can quit.’’ Angie tried to explain the power of the drug: ‘‘Mom, I need this drug like I need air to breathe.’’ After a few months, an overdose, and much begging on her mother’s part, Angie agreed that she needed help and signed herself into a treatment facility. Angie stayed there for a few weeks, but the call of heroin was too great. Angie left treatment and returned to her addiction. She called her mother a few days later: ‘‘I’m in a black hole and I can’t get out.’’ Angie’s mother begged her to go back to treatment and Angie said she would call her the next day. They said their usual, ‘‘I love you’s’’ and signed off. Having had a few weeks clean, Angie’s tolerance had decreased dramatically. On February 10th Angie’s body was found near a muddy creek after having been thrown down an embankment by her dealer. The dealer had left Angie unconscious on his floor from Monday night until Tuesday night while she struggled to breathe. By the time he got home from a party on Tuesday, Angie was dead. The dealer and a friend load-ed Angie into his car and dumped her body. The dealer was eventually found and pros-ecuted for involuntary manslaughter, seven drug violations including three felonies, and abuse of a corpse. Despite never having used drugs or alcohol herself, Angie’s mother has struggled with ad-diction all her life. The power that opioids and heroin have had on her children is nothing short of a tragedy. This is a family disease and must be treated as such. Over the eight-een years that she has been working on sub-stance abuse treatment and recovery con-cerns, there has always been a severe lack of funding. It is time that addiction is treated as it would any other disease that has become a national crisis. Fund the solutions. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN ABNEY CULBERSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 336 I am not recorded because of travel delays due to inclement weather in the DC area. Had I been present, I would have voted no. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE BULL RUN CIVIL WAR ROUND TABLE ON ITS 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Bull Run Civil War Round Table on the occasion of its 25th anniversary. Established on May 9, 1991, the Bull Run Civil War Round Table (BRCWRT) was found-ed to promote a better understanding of the Civil War and preserve the historic sites asso-ciated with War’s most important moments. Through lectures, research, field trips and ac-tive participation in the stewardship of Civil War sites, the group has made a lasting con-tribution to the preservation of Civil War his-tory. In order to promote a passion for history in the next generation, the BRCWRT awards an-nual scholarships to students who have re-searched and written about the War’s remain-ing untold stories and mysteries. This year, two scholarships were awarded. I congratulate Brooke Roberts and Aaron Pirnat for receiving these honors. The BRCWRT also offers a variety of pro-grams featuring knowledgeable, respected Civil War historians, scholars, writers, and lec-turers to educate enthusiasts and the general public. I have been proud to be a partner in the promotion and preservation of our region’s rich Civil War history during my time in Con-gress and as a member of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. The Civil War was a fateful moment in our nation’s history. The War pitted brother against brother and threatened to tear apart the fabric of our young republic. Preservation of historic battlefields, homes, and other monuments ensures that we will never forget the sacrifices and pain the Civil War inflicted upon our nation, and, hopefully, through re-membrance and understanding we heed the lessons of our past. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.029 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE981 June 22, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Bull Run Civil War Round Table on the occasion of its 25th anniversary and in commending the organization for its ef-forts to preserve Civil War history. 
f 
U.K. REFERENDUM 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the British people will vote in a historic referendum on the question of their continued Membership in the European Union. Their ultimate decision on whether to re-main, or to leave, will—without question—have implications on not only their future, but also on the future of the European Union. Mr. Speaker, there has naturally been a tre-mendous amount of debate on both the likely final vote tally and on the precise outcomes of any given result. And as we have observed this debate, wit-nessed domestic and international financial markets respond to swings in polling data, and listened to endless speculation by the pundits, there should be one thing that is absolutely certain—with no room for debate or specula-tion. That, regardless of the outcome of the ref-erendum, is the commitment on the part of the United States to stand—unequivocally—with our trusted ally the United Kingdom. However Mr. Speaker, leading up to the vote tomorrow, the Obama administration has certainly been keen to express their preferred outcome, and justifications for this position. And quite publicly. It has even been suggested that the United States would not be in the market for a bilat-eral Free Trade Agreement with an inde-pendent United Kingdom. Thus placing the Special Relationship at quote ‘‘the back of the queue’’. This type of rhetoric and effort to tilt the scales has been particularly troubling. Fortunately Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that this, and other such statements, reflect the prevailing belief in Congress that the United States would abandon our ally—let alone seek to actively penalize the United Kingdom for any decision made by their citi-zens. Our relationship with the United Kingdom will remain strong. The Special Relationship enjoyed by the United States and the United Kingdom has long advanced our shared values and forged a unique and unbreakable bond between our peoples. Our relationship with the United Kingdom has weathered all storms and stood up to the countless challenges placed before it. It is a central factor in the foreign, security, economic, and trading policies of our nation. It has advanced prosperity and defended the security of our nation and the free world. Simply put, the United States is stronger be-cause of the Special Relationship. Regardless of the vote tomorrow, the United States will stand shoulder to shoulder with the United Kingdom. We will not abandon our shared commit-ment to freedom, security, democracy, human rights, and a strong and enduring transatlantic relationship. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Tuesday, June 21, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 334 and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 335 and 336. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF FARM CRED-IT’S CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, as we near its 100th anniversary, I write today to commend the cooperative owners and the employees of the Farm Credit System for their continuing service in meeting the credit and financial services needs of rural communities in New Hampshire. As a Member of the House Agriculture com-mittee, I was pleased to cosponsor House Resolution 591, which commemorates the Farm Credit System centennial. The Farm Credit System was established by Congress through the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916, and signed into law on July 17, 1916, by President Woodrow Wilson. Congress de-signed the Farm Credit System as a perma-nent means to support the well-being and vi-tality of America’s rural communities and farm-ers. My district is served by two Farm Credit as-sociations: Farm Credit East and Yankee Farm Credit. Together, they have over $235 million in loan commitments to their customer owners in the Granite State. Several leaders of both organizations are from my district, including Paul Franklin, Chair-man of the Yankee Farm Credit Board, and Steve Taylor, former New Hampshire Commis-sioner of Agriculture, both of whom are from Plainfield, and Thomas Colgan from Lyme. Farm Credit East board members Henry Hun-tington of Loudon and Tim Chan of Claremont are also from New Hampshire’s second dis-trict. Farm Credit is involved in the agricultural community throughout New Hampshire, sup-porting organizations like Land for Good, which seeks to provide land access to farm-ers, and Annie’s Project which assists women in agriculture. Farm Credit staff serve in lead-ership roles for the New Hampshire 4–H Foundation and supporting programs such as UNH Extension’s Agriculture and Natural Re-source Business Institute. Farm Credit has demonstrated its commit-ment to its customer owners in New Hamp-shire for a century, and I look forward to its continued commitment for the next one hun-dred years. THE GREAT AND HOLY COUNCIL MEETING OF THE ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN CHURCHES HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-late the Orthodox Christian community, and recognize the historic Great and Holy Council meeting in Greece from June 19–26, 2016. Bringing together 350 leaders of 14 Ortho-dox Christian Churches from Istanbul to Anti-och to Romania to Slovakia, this Council rep-resents more than 300 million followers world-wide, including one million Americans. While Council attendees self-govern their churches, they remain united in their values, faith, liturgy, and following of Ecumenical Patriarch Bar-tholomew of Constantinople. Under the leadership of the Ecumenical Pa-triarch, this is the first gathering of Orthodox churches in 1,200 years. The Council will un-derscore the direction, purpose, and mission of Orthodox Christian Churches. It is an op-portunity to discuss the Diaspora and relations with other Christian churches worldwide. The Ecumenical Patriarch has an unsur-passed record for steering cooperative effort, adding this remarkable Council to his record of success. Often referred to as the ‘‘first among equals’’ by his followers, the Ecumenical Patri-arch maintains collegial relations with other Patriarchs and hierarchical leaders. His effec-tiveness as a leader is complemented by his gracious and generous spirit. Mr. Speaker, at a time when religious divi-sion remains a source of conflict and suffering, I celebrate this Council for its message of unity, tolerance, and peace. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF TEAMSTERS LOCAL 202 (1916–2016) 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of the Inter-national Brotherhood of Teamsters Local 202. Let me congratulate Local 202’s President, Daniel Kane, Jr., Business Agent John Rieder and all the officers, trustees and the member-ship for your continued service to the Union and the Labor Movement. When the Great War, World War I, raged on in Europe in 1916, Teamsters Local 202 was born. This organization helped immigrants from all walks of life who came to this great city and Nation for a better life and to live the American Dream. ‘‘A fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work’’ has been the Teamsters’ motto and their label that has provided and improved the quality of life of workers’ rights through collective bargaining, negotiating and ratifying good contract agreements. Through collective bargaining, the union has been able to ride out the storms of rolling economies, and has made sacrifices to ensure that Local 202 con-tinues to exist for all workers, young and old. Through the hustle and bustle of everyday life, Local 202 has stood strong for 100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.035 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE982 June 22, 2016 
years—weathering historic global and local events such as The Great Depression and the two Great Wars, World War I and World War II. During the economic boom of the 50’s and the 60’s, Local 202 grew its membership and was able to include itself in all facets of manu-facturing, including food service and light in-dustrial industries. Local 202 represented the workers of the produce and food service industry from the early days, on the West Side of Manhattan’s historic Cobblestoned Streets. In 1967, the NYC Terminal Market was born at Hunts Point in the Bronx, New York. With its opening, Local 202’s membership grew as more and more companies expanded in the market-place. Today, more than any other Produce Terminal Market in the world, the New York City Terminal Market revenues exceed 2 bil-lion dollars annually. It has become a haven for many workers and allowed them to build a better life for themselves and their families with the help and support of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters Local 202. Mr. Speaker, it shall be their goal through the current administration and future adminis-trations to continue to represent workers in all industries and be able to succeed into future generations. I ask you and my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 100th Anniversary of International Brotherhood of Teamsters Local 202. 
f 
OP-ED ABOUT CONGRESSMAN ED-WARD R. ROYBAL AND FRED ROSS 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share with my colleagues a Los Angeles Times op-ed by Gabriel Thompson, which describes how my father, the late Con-gressman Edward R. Roybal, worked with the legendary community organizer Fred Ross to form the Community Service Organization in Boyle Heights. In this op-ed, and in his new book, ‘‘America’s Social Arsonist,’’ Mr. Thomp-son describes how residents in and around Boyle Heights mobilized to register local vot-ers so that these voters could make their voices heard in government. There is no right more fundamental, vital, and powerful in our society than the right to vote. The work that my father and Mr. Ross did together helped so many Angelenos exercise that right. I would like to submit the following op-ed: 
[From the Los Angeles Times, Apr. 18, 2016] H
OWTOREGISTER LATINO VOTERS  (By Gabriel Thompson) The Spanish-language channel Univision hopes to register 3 million new Latino voters before the November election. The organiza-tion Voto Latino is sending volunteers to Mana´and Los Tigres del Norte concerts with an app that scans driver’s licenses and quick-ly registers new voters. The National Coun-cil of La Raza and the League of United Latin American Citizens are once again staffing their long-running registration cam-paigns. It’s no secret why: ‘‘The rule is no one can make it to the White House without the His-panic vote,’’ said Univision anchor Jorge Ramos. In the 1992 presidential election, Latinos cast 4.2 million votes. By 2012, that number had nearly tripled, to 11.2 million. Now the Pew Research Center estimates that between 2012 and November 2016, 3.2 million U.S.-born Latino citizens will turn 18 and be eligible to vote; another 1.2 million Latino immigrants will become naturalized citizens. These numbers, however, obscure another trend: Since 1992, voter registration rates among Latinos have remained stuck at around 58%. By comparison, about three- quarters of whites and blacks are registered voters. This is crucial, because once Latinos register, they vote. About 82% of registered Latino voters went to the polls in 2012, just five points below the turnout of white reg-istered voters. ‘‘The principal problem is not voter turn-out,’’ concluded a January report published by CNN en Espan˜ol and the Center for Latin American, Caribbean and Latino Studies at City University of New York. The report’s author, Laird Bergad, didn’t see signs the registration rate would improve: ‘‘There is no reason to believe that this will change substantially by 2016, despite many an-nounced voter registration drives.’’ Of course, that was before Donald Trump emerged as the Republican front-runner. His candidacy alone may increase Latino voter registration this year. But to seal Trump’s fate, and to change the trajectory Bergad documented, Univision, Voto Latino and the other groups should look closely at history. One of the most successful voter registration drives among Latinos occurred in East Los Angeles nearly 70 years ago. In 1947, a Mexican American social worker named Edward Roybal ran for Los Angeles City Council seeking to represent the 9th District, which included Boyle Heights and downtown. About a third of the district’s residents were Latino, Roybal’s natural base. They were eligible to vote, but few were reg-istered. Roybal finished third in a field of five, winning less than half the votes of in-cumbent Parley Christensen. After the election, Roybal crossed paths with a community organizer, Fred Ross, who worked for Saul Alinksy. Roybal and Ross formed the Community Service Organization in Boyle Heights, tackling neighborhood issues such as police brutality and evictions. Voter registration was at the center of their work. By the time Roybal ran for City Council again in 1949, the CSO had turned Latinos into a powerful political force. Roybal trounced Christensen in the 9th District, winning more votes in Boyle Heights alone (12,684) than his opponent did in the entire district (11,948). Roybal’s final tally—20,562 votes—was a sixfold increase from two years earlier. He became the first Spanish speaker on the City Council since 1881. The key to the CSO’s success was a bottom up, face to face, community-based campaign. Ross recruited volunteers who spent night after night knocking on doors. They hosted organizing meetings in their living rooms, where newcomers were signed up to host the next meeting, inviting more friends and fam-ily members. ‘‘We can . . . we will . . . we must vote!’’ read one CSO flyer. Ross kept a 3x5 index card for each reg-istered voter with a Spanish surname. The collection grew to more than 10,000. He tal-lied who was bringing in the most voters, male or female volunteers. The local news-paper, El Pueblo, reported the results: Three women registered more than 500 voters apiece, but no one could touch Matt ‘‘Cy-clone’’ Arguijos: 2,286 registered voters. The success in 1949 proved to be repeatable. In 1968, Ross worked with volunteers from the United Farm Workers on another East L.A. registration drive. They signed up 11,000 voters in 20 days in support of Robert F. Ken-nedy’s presidential campaign. One of those UFW volunteers was Marshall Ganz, who would later help develop Barack Obama’s 2008 field campaign. ‘‘That was my school,’’ Ganz says of Ross’ East L.A. efforts. ‘‘That has always been my basic point of reference for how you do grass- roots political work.’’ It’s not the number of paid canvassers that matters most, Ganz adds, but ‘‘recruiting people from the com-munity to do the work.’’ Canvassing Mana´fans at the Forum, and recruiting celebrities for PSAs, can’t hurt in 2016. But Roybal and Ross’ success in Boyle Heights lends credence to common sense: To empower Latinos, the community is key. It’s great to be able to tap a screen to register to vote. It’s even better to mobilize a neighbor-hood to knock on doors, app in hand, until someone answers. f PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, if I were present, I would have voted no on roll call number 334 to H.R. 5525. If I were present, I would have voted yes on roll call number 335 to H.R. 5388. If I were present, I would have voted yes on roll call number 336 to H.R. 5389. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBIN READ BRUNELLI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize posthumously the remark-able contribution of Robin Read Brunelli. Her mission to transform the National Foundation for Women Legislators is realized and com-mended by thousands of elected women lead-ers throughout the United States. For seven years, Ms. Brunelli served as a U.S. Presidential appointee to the Governors of the Federal Reserve Board, and while there, radically improved the training programs at the Federal Reserve Board’s banking school. Although she served on many non-profit and corporate boards during her profes-sional career, she was most proud of her work for the National Women’s History Museum. Her collegiate years were spent in America’s southwest, where she studied William Shake-speare and taught high school. She hosted the Midwestern iconic syndicated radio pro-gram, ‘‘Kitchen Klatter’’ for many years—a sta-ple of Iowa values with a recipe for clean liv-ing and good meals. Born in Shenandoah, Iowa, Robin Read Brunelli was known for her remarkable empa-thy and connectivity to all whom she encoun-tered. Deaf until age 6, Robin had a deep awareness of God’s love and path for her life. Those who were lucky enough to meet her were engulfed in her grace, intelligence and empathetic heart. Devoutly committed to her church and family, Robin Read Brunelli and her husband Sam leave a legacy of hope and inspiration to their many children, family mem-bers and friends. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.040 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE983 June 22, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-ognize Robin Read Brunelli today. I ask that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives join me in honoring her today. I thank Robin for her service to the United States and know that her legacy of leadership and service will live on. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF JAMES CECIL LINDLEY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the birthday of James Cecil Lindley. He will turn 100 on July 20th. Mr. Lindley was born on July 20, 1916, in Randolph County, Alabama to James Pierce Lindley and Lettie Lipham Lindley. He at-tended school at New Home and Randolph County High. For college, he attended Snead College, Jacksonville State University and ob-tained a Master’s Degree at the University of Alabama. Mr. Lindley did his basic training for the Army in June of 1942 in Miami, Florida. He then went to Air Force training at Fort Logan, Colorado and later Peterson Field in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He served in the 5th Air Force with the 20th mapping squadron. During World War II, he served in the Philippines. Mr. Lindley was dis-charged after World War II at Camp Shelby in October 1945. Mr. Lindley married Audrey Cofield and had two children: Don and Doyle (deceased). He also has a daughter-in-law, Sheila Ponder Lindley. He was blessed with four grand-children: Tracy Lindley, James Robert (Rob) Lindley (deceased), Cinda Lindley and Kerrie Lindley. And also blessed with four great- grandchildren: Lindley Thompson, Nic Thomp-son, Alycia Guyer and Eric Guyer. Mr. Lindley taught vocational education in Piedmont and later in Oxford. He moved to Montgomery in 1964 as State Supervisor of Vocational Education (VICA) and later was in-ducted into the Alabama Educational Hall of Fame. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life and achievements of Mr. Lindley and wishing him a happy 100th birthday. 
f 
MAX CLELAND CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT OF 2016 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the extraordinary contribu-tions to our nation by Max Cleland, who served as a United States Senator from Geor-gia between 1997 and 2003, by introducing the Max Cleland Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2016. Max Cleland’s life in public service began as a young man when he joined the Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps at Stetson University. Following his graduation, he volunteered to serve as an Army Officer in Vietnam, where he was awarded the Silver Star for his bravery at the Battle of Khe Sanh. He later suffered extensive injuries in combat, ultimately losing both of his legs and his right arm. Facing an uncertain future while recovering at Walter Reed Army Medical Center, Senator Cleland fought to overcome his injuries with both resil-ience and sheer fortitude. Following his release from Walter Reed, Cleland became the youngest member of the Georgia State Senate in 1970. Seven years later, he was appointed to head the Veterans Administration by President Jimmy Carter. Cleland then served as Georgia’s Secretary of State from 1982 to 1996, after which he was elected to the United States Senate, where he represented Georgia for six years. In the U.S. Senate, Cleland advocated for veterans and a strong national defense, helped to institute sig-nificant reforms at the U.S. Department of De-fense, and became a respected leader in Con-gress. Upon leaving the Senate, he served on the 9/11 Commission and is currently the Sec-retary of the American Battle Monuments Commission, a position to which he was ap-pointed by President Obama in 2009. As a leader on behalf of veterans for over four decades, Senator Cleland has overcome immeasurable obstacles and demonstrated how disabilities do not have to hinder having an accomplished and fulfilled life. His service, life, and fortitude in the face of adversity are indeed an example for us all. The Congressional Gold Medal is the proper means to honor this distinguished American who has given so much and continues to work tirelessly on behalf of the entire nation. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. f 
CLEMENTS HIGH SCHOOL’S AN-GELA LIN NAMED H&R BLOCK BUDGET CHALLENGE SCHOLAR-SHIP WINNER 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 22, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Clements High School senior An-gela Lin of Sugar Land, TX for winning the H&R Block Budget Challenge grand prize scholarship. With two older brothers attending the Uni-versity of Houston, college tuition was going to pose a challenge for Angela. So she worked hard and entered the Bucket Challenge and won a $120,000 scholarship from a competi-tive field of 150,000 students. The challenge was a 10-week financial literacy competition in which she developed spreadsheets, made choices on insurance deductibles, planned how to spend paychecks and how to pay bills. Angela’s hard work paid off and she plans to earn a double major in management systems and marketing with a potential minor in entre-preneurship. Angela’s potential is limitless. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Angela Lin on winning the H&R Block Budget Challenge scholarship. Keep up the great work, and keep on pursuing your dreams Angela. SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 23, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 28 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine improving strategic integration at the Depart-ment of Defense. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security To hold hearings to examine how the Internet of Things (IoT) can bring United States transportation and infra-structure into the 21st century. SR–253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the pro-posed Medicare Part B drug demonstra-tion. SD–215 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine global ef-forts to defeat ISIS. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the imple-mentation of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015. SD–226 2 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Primary Health and Re-tirement Security To hold hearings to examine small busi-ness health care, focusing on costs and options. SD–430 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold an oversight hearing to examine the status of the the Bureau of Land Management and Forest Service’s ef-forts to implement amendments to land use plans and specific manage-ment plans regarding sage grouse con-servation, and those agencies’ coordi-nation activities with affected states. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN8.043 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE984 June 22, 2016 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Ac-tion, Federal Rights and Federal Courts To hold hearings to examine the con-sequences of agency efforts to deem-phasize radical Islam in combating ter-rorism. SD–226 4 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Andrew Mayock, of Illinois, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management and Budget. SD–342 JUNE 29 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act implementation, fo-cusing on an update from the Secretary of Education on proposed regulations. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine preparing for and protecting the nation from Zika. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine protecting older Americans from financial exploi-tation. SD–226 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the con-sequences of dwindling startup activ-ity. SR–428A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2796, to repeal certain obsolete laws relating to Indians, S. 2959, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund, and S. 3013, to authorize and implement the water rights com-pact among the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Indian Reservation, the State of Mon-tana, and the United States. SD–628 2:30 p.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agency enforcement and compliance programs. SD–406 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 244, to re-quire an independent comprehensive review of the process by which the De-partment of Veterans Affairs assesses cognitive impairments that result from traumatic brain injury for purposes of awarding disability compensation, S. 603, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the author-ity of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transport individuals to and from fa-cilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs in connection with rehabilita-tion, counseling, examination, treat-ment, and care, S. 2210, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer special-ists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 2279, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to increase efficiency in the recruitment and hiring by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs of health care workers that are undergoing sepa-ration from the Armed Forces, to cre-ate uniform credentialing standards for certain health care professionals of the Department, S. 2316, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the re-quirements for reissuance of veterans benefits in cases of misuse of benefits by certain fiduciaries to include misuse by all fiduciaries, and to improve over-sight of fiduciaries, S. 2791, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who par-ticipated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service- connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, S. 2958, to establish a pilot program on partnership agreements to construct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 3021, to amend title 38, United States Code, to author-ize the use of Post-9/11 Educational As-sistance to pursue independent study programs at certain educational insti-tutions that are not institutions of higher learning, S. 3023, to provide for the reconsideration of claims for dis-ability compensation for veterans who were the subjects of experiments by the Department of Defense during World War II that were conducted to assess the effects of mustard gas or lewisite on people, S. 3032, to provide for an in-crease, effective December 1, 2016, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, S. 3035, to re-quire the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to in-crease the use of medical scribes to maximize the efficiency of physicians at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 3055, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans, S. 3076, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient re-sources to provide for caskets or urns, S. 3081, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide certain employees of members of Congress with access to case-tracking information of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, an origi-nal bill to clarify the scope of proce-dural rights of members of the uni-formed services with respect to their employment and reemployment rights, to improve the enforcement of such employment and reemployment rights, an original bill to expand eligibility for readjustment counseling to certain members of the Selected Reserve of the Armed Forces, an original bill to au-thorize payment by the Department of Veterans Affairs for the costs associ-ated with service by medical residents and interns at facilities operated by In-dian tribes and tribal organizations, to require the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to carry out a pilot program to expand medical residencies and intern-ships at such facilities, and an original bill to authorize the American Battle Monuments Commission to acquire, op-erate, and maintain the Lafayette Es-cadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Co-quette, France. SR–418 JUNE 30 9 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine the use of agency regulatory guidance. SD–342 10 a.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine small busi-ness survival amidst flood insurance rate increases. SR–428A JULY 13 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ electronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoperability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future. SD–124 JULY 14 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine evaluating the financial risks of China. SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M22JN8.000 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D697 Wednesday, June 22, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4431–S4516 Measures Introduced: Six bills and two resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3082–3087, and S. Res. 508–509.
                                                             Page S4472 
Measures Passed: Congratulating the Cleveland Cavaliers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 509, congratulating the Cleveland Cavaliers for winning the 2016 National Basketball Association Finals.
                                             Pages S4456–58 
Measures Considered: Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate con-tinued consideration of H.R. 2578, making appro-priations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S4433–56, S4458–67 
Pending: Shelby/Mikulski Amendment No. 4685, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S4433 
McConnell (for McCain) Amendment No. 4787 (to Amendment No. 4685), to amend section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that the Government may obtain a specified set of electronic communication transactional records under that sec-tion, and to make permanent the authority for indi-vidual terrorists to be treated as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978.
                                                                 Page S4433 
McConnell motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations for a period of 14 days.
                                                                                 Page S4433 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 58 yeas to 38 nays (Vote No. 108), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for McCain) Amendment No. 4787 (to Amendment No. 4685) (listed above).
                                                               Page S4437 Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on McConnell (for McCain) Amendment No. 4787. 
                                                                                            Page S4437 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, June 23, 2016.
                                                                                Page S4516 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S4469–70 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4470 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S4470, S4516 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S4470 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4470–72 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4472–73 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4473–74 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4468–69 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4474–75 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4475 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4475 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—108)
                                                                Page S4437 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:29 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, June 23, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4516.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
PATHWAYS TOWARD NAAQS COMPLIANCE Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety con-cluded a hearing to examine pathways towards com-pliance of the National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard for ground-level ozone, including S. 2882, to fa-cilitate efficient State implementation of ground- level ozone standards, and S. 2072, to require the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN6.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD698 June 22, 2016 
Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program under which the Ad-ministrator shall defer the designation of an area as a nonattainment area for purposes of the 8-hour ozone national ambient air quality standard if the area achieves and maintains certain standards under a voluntary early action compact plan, after receiving testimony from Mark Raymond, Uintah County Commission, Vernal, Utah; Kurt Karperos, Cali-fornia Air Resources Board, Sacramento; Glenn Hamer, Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Indus-try, Phoenix; Andrew Chesley, San Joaquin Council of Governments, Stockton, California; and Mary B. Rice, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachu-setts, on behalf of the American Thoracic Society. SECURITY ASSISTANCE Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a closed hearing to examine security assistance, fo-cusing on cutting through a tangled web of authori-ties, after receiving testimony from Tina S. Kaidanow, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs; and Vice Admiral Joseph W. Rixey, Director, Defense Secu-rity Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense. INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS TO POVERTY Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine re-newing communities and providing opportunities through innovative solutions to poverty, after receiv-ing testimony from Robert L. Woodson, Sr., Center for Neighborhood Enterprise, Ron Haskins, Brook-ings Institution, on behalf of the Annie E. Casey Foundation, and Olivia Golden, Center for Law and Social Policy, all of Washington, D.C.; and Peter L. Ochs, Capital III, Hutchinson, Kansas. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S.2785, to protect Native children and promote public safety in Indian country, with amendments; S.2920, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and S.3014, to improve the management of Indian for-est land, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine accessing Department of Agriculture rural development programs in native communities, after receiving testimony from Lillian Salerno, Deputy Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Development; Lafe Haugen, Northern Chey-enne Tribal Housing Authority, Lame Deer, Mon-tana; and Timothy Tisru Schuerch, Maniilaq Associa-tion, Kotzebue, Alaska. DEA OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Drug Enforcement Administration, after receiving testimony from Mi-chael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, and Chuck Rosenberg, Acting Administrator, Drug Enforcement Administration, both of the Department of Justice; and Diana C. Maurer, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Office. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AT THE VA Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the progress in modernizing in-formation technology at the Department of Veterans Affairs, including the need for sustained manage-ment attention to address numerous information technology challenges, after receiving testimony from David Shulkin, Undersecretary of Health, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and Valerie C. Melvin, Director, Information Technology, Government Accountability Office. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5555–5571; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 139 were introduced.
                            Pages H4170–71 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4171–72 Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Conference Report on H.R. 2577, making appro-priations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–640); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN6.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D699 June 22, 2016 
H. Res. 796, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 114–641); and H. Res. 797, providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for con-sideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 114–642).
                                                                      Page H4170 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Webster (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4057 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:24 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4066 
Call to Order: The Chair, under clause 2 of rule 1, found that the House was not in a state of order due to the presence of Members in the well who were not under recognition. The Chair asked Members to leave the well so that the House could proceed with business.
                                                                         Page H4066 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:03 p.m. and re-convened at 10:04 p.m.
                                         Page H4066 
Decorum Statement: The Speaker made the fol-lowing announcement regarding decorum in the House Chamber: ‘‘The Chair appreciates that Mem-bers will differ on matters of policy and will seek to express those differences. But the Chair would hope that the business of the House could be conducted in a fashion that reflects positively on the dignity and decorum of this institution to which we all be-long and serve.’’.
                                                        Page H4066 
Disapproving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’—Presidential Veto: The House voted to sustain the President’s veto of H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fidu-ciary’’, by a yea-and-nay vote of 239 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 338 (two-thirds of those present not voting to override), after the previous question was ordered by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 175 noes with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 337. 
                                                                                    Pages H4125–26 Subsequently, the veto message (H. Doc. 114–140) and the bill were referred to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce.
      Page H4126 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:31 p.m. and re-convened at 12:58 a.m. on Thursday, June 23, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page H4126 
Motion to Fix Next Convening Time: Agreed to the Sessions motion that when the House adjourns on the legislative day of Wednesday, June 22, 2016, it adjourn to meet at 2:30 a.m. on Thursday, June 23, 2016, by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 166 noes, Roll No. 339.
                                          Pages H4126–27 
Motion to Adjourn: Agreed to the Sessions motion to adjourn by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 340.
                                          Pages H4127–28 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4125, H4126, H4127, H4127–28. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and at 1:34 a.m. on Thursday, June 23, 2016, the House stands adjourned until 2:30 a.m. on Thursday, June 23, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: EVALUATING EFFECTIVENESS AND OUTCOMES IN NUTRITION EDUCATION Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Evaluating Effectiveness and Outcomes in Nutrition Education’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the Homeland Security Appropriations Bill for FY 2017. The Homeland Security Appro-priations Bill for FY 2017 was ordered reported, as amended. MILITARY CYBER OPERATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Military Cyber Operations’’. Testi-mony was heard from Thomas Atkin, Acting Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security, Office of the Secretary of Defense; Lieutenant General Kevin McLaughlin, USAF, Dep-uty Commander, U.S. Cyber Command; and Briga-dier General Charles Moore, Jr., USAF, Joint Staff (J–39). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN6.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD700 June 22, 2016 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGETING: MAKING BUDGET ENFORCEMENT MORE EFFECTIVE Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Congressional Budgeting: Making Budget Enforcement More Effective’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 5529, the ‘‘Accessing Higher Education Opportunities Act’’; H.R. 5530, the ‘‘HBCU Capital Financing Improvement Act’’; H.R. 5528, the ‘‘Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act’’; H.R. 3179, the ‘‘Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act’’; and H.R. 3178, the ‘‘Strengthening Trans-parency in Higher Education Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 5529, H.R. 5528, H.R. 5530, H.R. 3179, and H.R. 3178. THE RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD— IMPLEMENTATION ISSUES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Re-newable Fuel Standard—Implementation Issues’’. Testimony was heard from Howard K. Gruenspecht, Deputy Administrator, Energy Information Adminis-tration; Janet McCabe, Acting Assistant Adminis-trator, Office of Air and Radiation, Environmental Protection Agency; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 5510, the ‘‘FTC Process and Transparency Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5111, the ‘‘Consumer Review Fairness Act’’; H.R. 5092, the ‘‘Reinforcing American Made Products Act’’; H.R. 5104, the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales (BOTS) Act’’; and H.R. 1301, the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2015’’. MONETARY POLICY AND THE STATE OF THE ECONOMY Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’. Testimony was heard from Janet L. Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System. VENEZUELA’S CRISIS: IMPLICATIONS FOR THE REGION Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ven-ezuela’s Crisis: Implications for the Region’’. Testi-mony was heard from Michael Kozak, Deputy As-sistant Secretary, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State; Annie Pforzheimer, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bu-reau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, Department of State; John Smith, Acting Director, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury; and John Andersen, Deputy Assistant Secretary for the Western Hemisphere, Department of Commerce. THE PRESIDENT’S VISIT TO VIETNAM: A MISSED OPPORTUNITY TO ADVANCE HUMAN RIGHTS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Visit to Vietnam: A Missed Opportunity to Advance Human Rights’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SMITHSONIAN NATIONAL AIR AND SPACE MUSEUM REVITALIZATION Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum Revitalization’’. Testimony was heard from David J. Skorton, Secretary of the Smith-sonian Institution; and Albert G. Horvath, Under-secretary for Finance and Administration, Smithso-nian Institution. EXAMINING THE ALLEGATIONS OF MISCONDUCT AGAINST IRS COMMISSIONER JOHN KOSKINEN, PART II Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Allegations of Mis-conduct Against IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Todd Garvey, Legislative Attorney, American Law Division, Li-brary of Congress; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 2304, the SPEAK FREE Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. INVESTIGATING THE APPROPRIATE ROLE OF NEPA IN THE PERMITTING PROCESS Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Investigating the Appropriate Role of NEPA in the Permitting Process’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. CHALLENGES AND POTENTIAL SOLUTIONS FOR BLM’S WILD HORSE AND BURRO PROGRAM Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges and Potential Solutions for BLM’s Wild Horse and Burro Program’’. Testimony was heard from Steve Ellis, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN6.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D701 June 22, 2016 
Deputy Director for Operations, Bureau of Land Management; and public witnesses. SEPARATION OF POWERS RESTORATION ACT OF 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4768, the ‘‘Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a structured rule for H.R. 4768. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of con-current resolutions providing for adjournment during the month of July, 2016. In section 3, the rule pro-vides that on any legislative day during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 4, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period ad-dressed by section 4. Finally, in section 5, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of June 23, 2016, or June 24, 2016, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his des-ignee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consid-eration pursuant to this section. Testimony was heard from Representatives Ratcliffe, Johnson of Georgia, and Yoho. CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY THE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on conference report to accompany the Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that waives all points of order against the conference report and against its consid-eration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervention of any motion. During consideration of the conference report, the second sentence of clause 1(a) of rule XIX shall not apply. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of concurrent resolu-tions providing for adjournment during the month of July, 2016. In section 3, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 4, the rule provides that the Speak-er may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 3. In section 5, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of June 23, 2016, or June 24, 2016, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall con-sult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. Finally, in section 6 the rule provides that upon adoption of the conference report, House Concurrent Resolution 139 shall be considered as adopted. ENSURING SOUND SCIENCE AT EPA Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Sound Science at EPA’’. Testimony was heard from Gina McCarthy, Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency. AUDITS AND ATTITUDES: IS THE IRS HELPING OR HURTING SMALL BUSINESSES? Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Audits and Attitudes: Is the IRS Help-ing or Hurting Small Businesses?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN6.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD702 June 22, 2016 
FAA OVERSIGHT OF COMMERCIAL SPACE TRANSPORTATION Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Aviation held a hearing entitled ‘‘FAA Oversight of Commercial Space Transportation’’. Testimony was heard from George C. Nield, Asso-ciate Administrator for Commercial Space Transpor-tation, Federal Aviation Administration; Gerald L. Dillingham, Director of Civil Aviation Issues, Gov-ernment Accountability Office; Michael Gold, Chair, Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Com-mittee; Michael Lo´pez-Alegrı´a, Vice Chair, Commer-cial Space Transportation Advisory Committee; and a public witness. 2016 ANNUAL REPORT OF THE SOCIAL SECURITY BOARD OF TRUSTEES Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held a hearing on the 2016 Annual Re-port of the Social Security Board of Trustees. Testi-mony was heard from Stephen C. Goss, Chief Actu-ary, Social Security Administration. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine bank capital and liquidity regu-lation, focusing on industry perspectives, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘Wildfire Budg-eting, Response and Forest Management Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider S. 2201, to promote international trade, S. 1605, to amend the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 to author-ize concurrent compacts for purposes of regional economic integration and cross-border collaborations, S. Res. 432, supporting respect for human rights and encouraging in-clusive governance in Ethiopia, S. Res. 482, urging the European Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and to increase pressure on the or-ganization and its members to the fullest extent possible, S. Con. Res. 41, expressing the sense of Congress on the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, S. Con. Res. 38, reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six As-surances as cornerstones of United States-Taiwan rela-tions, an original resolution expressing the sense of the Senate in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion and the NATO summit to be held in Warsaw, Po-land from July 8–9, 2016, and in support of committing NATO to a security posture capable of deterring threats to the Alliance, an original resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding compliance enforcement of Russian violations of the Open Skies Treaty, an original resolution recognizing June 20, 2016 as ‘‘World Refugee Day’’, an original resolution to express the sense of Con-gress on Russian military aggression, an original resolu-tion recognizing the 70th anniversary of the Fulbright program, International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture, adopted by the Food and Agri-culture Organization of the United Nations on November 3, 2001, and signed by the United States on November 1, 2002 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc. 110–19), the Con-vention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Re-spect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the ‘‘Con-vention’’), done at The Hague on July 5, 2006, and signed by the United States on that same day (Treaty Doc. 112–06), extradition Treaty between the Govern-ment of the United States of America and the Govern-ment of the Dominican Republic (the ‘‘Treaty’’), signed at Santo Domingo on January 12, 2015 (Treaty Doc. 114–10), extradition Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Republic of Chile (Treaty Doc. 113–06), treaty between the United States of America and the Republic of Kazakhstan on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, signed at Wash-ington on February 20, 2015 (Treaty Doc. 114–11), trea-ty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the People’s Democratic Republic of Algeria on Mutual Legal Assistance in Crimi-nal Matters, signed at Algiers on April 7, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 114–03), treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan on Mutual Legal Assist-ance in Criminal Matters, signed at Washington on Octo-ber 1, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 114–04), the nominations of Geeta Pasi, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Chad, Mary Beth Leonard, of Massachusetts, to be Representative of the United States of America to the African Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and Anne S. Casper, of Nevada, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Burundi, all of the Department of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine NATO, focusing on re-viewing the agenda and assessing the potential outcomes of the Warsaw summit, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold hear-ings to examine customer service and billing practices in the cable and satellite television industry, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine ramifications of the Supreme Court Kingdomware decision, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine ensuring person-centered care for individuals with serious illness, 11 a.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Big Data and Agriculture: Innovation in the Air’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Bill for FY 2017, 10:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps in K–12 Education: Examining Recent Efforts to Implement the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act’’, 9 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN6.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D703 June 22, 2016 Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5510, the ‘‘FTC Process and Trans-parency Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5111, the ‘‘Con-sumer Review Fairness Act’’; H.R. 5092, the ‘‘Rein-forcing American Made Products Act’’; H.R. 5104, the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales (BOTS) Act’’; and H.R. 1301, the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2015’’ (contin-ued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Ter-rorist Financiers: Stopping Them Before They Start’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering the Virtual Caliphate’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations; and Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Organ Harvesting: An Examina-tion of a Brutal Practice’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, markup on H. Res. 210, affirming and recognizing the Khmer, Laotian, Hmong, and Montagnard Freedom Fighters and the peo-ple of Cambodia and Laos for their support and defense of the United States Armed Forces and freedom in South-east Asia; H. Res. 634, recognizing the importance of the United States-Republic of Korea-Japan trilateral relation-ship to counter North Korean threats and nuclear pro-liferation, and to ensure regional security and human rights; H. Res. 728, supporting human rights, democ-racy, and the rule of law in Cambodia; and H.R. 4501, the ‘‘Distribution and Promotion of Rights and Knowl-edge Act of 2016’’; and hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy in the Pacific: The Struggle to Maintain Influence’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Counterintelligence and Insider Threats: How Prepared Is the Department of Homeland Security?’’, 9:30 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 320, the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘The Judicial Branch and the Efficient Administration of Justice’’, 3 p.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Adminis-tration’s Response to Findings of Unethical and Criminal Conduct at the Department of the Interior’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 5032, to allow certain property in the town of Louisa, Virginia, to be used for purposes related to com-pliance with water quality standards, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 5430, the ‘‘Public Water Supply Invasive Species Compliance Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5468, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to allow for prepayment of repayment obligations under Repayment Contracts be-tween the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy District; and a discussion draft of the ‘‘Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 2167, the ‘‘Public Lands Service Corps Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2333, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas; H.R. 4387, the ‘‘Tule Lake National Historic Site Establishment Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5114, the ‘‘21st Century Conservation Service Corps Act of 2016’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining EPA’s Proposed Groundwater Rule for In-Situ Uranium Recovery’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Radicalization in the U.S. and the Rise of Terrorism’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Damaging Repercussions: DOL’s Overtime Rule, Small Employers, and Their Employees’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5531, the ‘‘Miscellaneous Mari-time Transportation Amendments Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5292, the ‘‘Air Traffic Controller Hiring Improvement Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5147, the ‘‘Bathrooms Accessible in Every Situation (BABIES) Act’’; General Services Admin-istration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolu-tions; and possible other matters cleared for consideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 3216, the ‘‘VET Act’’; H.R. 4150, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Emergency Medical Staffing Re-cruitment and Retention Act’’; H.R. 4764, the ‘‘Puppies Assisting Wounded Servicemembers (PAWS) Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5047, the ‘‘Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5083, the ‘‘VA Appeals Mod-ernization Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5162, the ‘‘Vet Connect Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5166, the ‘‘WINGMAN Act’’; H.R. 5392, the ‘‘No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Un-answered Act’’; H.R. 5407, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Labor to prioritize the provision of services to homeless veterans with de-pendent children in carrying out homeless veterans re-integration programs, and for other purposes; H.R. 5416, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand burial benefits for veterans who die while receiving hospital care or medical services under the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 5420, to authorize the American Battle Monuments Commission to acquire, operate, and main-tain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in Marne-la-Co-quette, France; and H.R. 5428, the ‘‘Military Residency Choice Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN6.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD704 June 22, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 10:30 a.m.), Sen-ate will continue consideration of H.R. 2578, Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2:30 a.m., Thursday, June 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: The House will meet at 2:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E983 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E974, E976 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E979 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E977 Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E977 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E978 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E976 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E980 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E973, E975, E978 Culberson, John Abney, Tex., E978, E980, E980 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E977 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E981 Graves, Tom, Ga., E973 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E981 Hanna, Richard L., N.Y., E973, E975, E978 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E973, E978 Hill, J. French, Ark., E973, E975, E977 Holding, George, N.C., E981 Huelskamp, Tim, Kans., E980 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E975 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E979 Katko, John, N.Y., E974, E975, E975 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E973 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E981 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E982 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E974 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E973, E973, E974 Olson, Pete, Tex., E976, E977, E983 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E978 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E977 Perry, Scott, Pa., E980 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E981 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E980 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E983 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E982 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E976 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E975 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E976 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E974 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E978 Young, David, Iowa, E982 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Jun 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22JN6.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST