Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2389 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 16, 2016 No. 77 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 16, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable S
TEVE  W
OMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
END HUNGER NOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, thou-sands of people will gather in Wash-ington, D.C., this weekend for Feeding the 5000, an event designed to bring awareness to the issue of food waste. Participants will be served a com-munal meal made entirely out of food that would otherwise have been dis-carded—in other words, wasted. Since 2009, Feedback, a global environmental organization working to end food waste, has hosted dozens of Feeding the 5000 events in cities across the globe. I am pleased to see so many local partners—including government agen-cies, charitable organizations, NGOs, industry, and chefs—joining together to call attention to food waste, because the truth of the matter is we will need all of these partners working together to solve the issue of food waste. Last year, the USDA announced their first ever food waste reduction goal, calling for a 50 percent reduction in food waste by 2030. USDA is working with charitable organizations, faith- based groups, and the private sector, and I believe this goal is 100 percent achievable. American consumers, businesses, and farms spend an estimated $218 billion per year growing, processing, trans-porting, and disposing of food that is never eaten. Up to 40 percent of all food grown is never eaten; 40 to 50 million tons of food is sent to landfills each year, plus another 10 million tons is left unharvested on farms. This food waste translates into approximately 387 billion calories of food that went unconsumed. With 50 million Ameri-cans—including 16 million children— struggling with hunger every year, these are startling figures. We know food waste occurs through-out the supply chain, from harvesting to manufacturing, to retail operations and consumer habits. But we must do more to reduce food waste at every stage, recover food that would other-wise have been wasted, and recycle un-avoidable waste as animal feed, com-post, or energy. Thankfully, there is already a lot of great work being doing to raise aware-ness about the problem of food waste. Just last week, I attended a screening of the documentary film called ‘‘Just Eat It’’ at Amherst Cinema, organized by The Food Bank of Western Massa-chusetts. ‘‘Just Eat It’’ follows a cou-ple, Jen and Grant, as they stop going to the grocery store and live solely off of foods that would have been thrown away. Jen and Grant were able to find an abundance of perfectly safe and healthy food available for consumption that would have been thrown away. It is exciting to see new partnerships forming to study food waste and find ways to use this perfectly good food to reduce hunger in our communities. One such private-public collaboration, ReFED, has brought together over 30 business, government, and NGO leaders committed to wide-scale solutions to U.S. food waste. In March 2016, ReFED released a Roadmap that charts the course for a 20 percent reduction of food waste within a decade. The Roadmap calls for farmers to reduce unharvested food and create secondary markets for imperfect produce. It calls on manufacturers to reduce inefficiencies, make packaging adjustments, and standardize date la-beling. It calls on food service compa-nies to further implement waste track-ing and incorporate imperfect produce and smaller plates into restaurants. It urges the Federal Government to strengthen tax incentives for food do-nations and consider standardized date labeling legislation. The good news is that many in the industry are already taking steps to dramatically cut down on wasted food by implementing robust donation pro-grams. For example, Starbucks re-cently announced it will soon scale up its successful food donation pilot pro-gram nationwide. In partnership with the Food Donation Connection and Feeding America, Starbucks will do-nate unsold food from more than 7,000 company-operated stores—salads, sand-wiches, and other refrigerated items— to the Feeding America food bank net-work. By 2021, that amounts to almost 50 million meals. Our college campuses are also step-ping up. Both the Campus Kitchens 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.000 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2390 May 16, 2016 
Project and the Food Recovery Net-work will work with college dining fa-cilities and students to provide hunger relief in their local communities. In my congressional district, Becker Col-lege, Holy Cross College, Smith Col-lege, the University of Massachusetts Amherst, and Worcester Polytechnic Institute all have campus food recov-ery initiatives. Over the past 35 years, Feeding America has demonstrated an out-standing commitment to ensuring food that would otherwise have been wasted makes its way to food banks across the country and into the homes of families in need. There are dozens of other in-dustry leaders also taking steps to re-duce food waste by implementing man-ufacturing upgrades, maximizing har-vests, and utilizing recycling initia-tives. I appreciate the efforts of the Food Waste Reduction Alliance in bringing together industry partners to reduce food waste, shrink the environmental footprint, and alleviate hunger in our communities. Reducing food waste is one step we can take toward our goal of ending hunger in the United States and throughout the world. I am pleased to see so many partners at every level of the food supply chain taking action to reduce food waste, but there is still more that needs to be done. Let’s solve the problem of food waste, and let’s end hunger now. 
f 
A FIRE CHIEF SAYS GOOD-BYE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Ramsey Fire Chief Dean Kapler, who recently announced his upcoming re-tirement. Since 1993, Dean Kapler has been re-sponsible for every aspect of the Ramsey Fire Department, a responsi-bility that he handles with determina-tion and enthusiasm. Over the past 23 years, Dean has recruited and trained 55 firefighters and maintained three fire stations. Additionally, he has worked tirelessly to provide better cov-erage and expand fire service for the Ramsey area. The dedication that Dean Kapler has displayed to his home city of 37 years is further proven by the retirement date he has chosen. His retirement will be determined by the completion of the new fire department, a project that he has supervised and insists on seeing through to completion. I want to thank Dean for all the work that he has done for the city of Ramsey, and I wish him happiness in his well-earned retirement. 
MONTICELLO NUCLEAR GENERATING PLANT IS  ‘‘
ABOVE AND BEYOND ’’ 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Xcel Energy’s Monticello Nuclear Gener-ating Plant for receiving the Above and Beyond Award from the U.S. Depart-ment of Defense. This award recognizes employers who have gone above and be-yond the legal requirements of sup-porting Guard and Reserve employees, often by giving nonrequired benefits. The role of a Reserve member is critically important to national secu-rity, but it is a job with an uncertain future. Thankfully, the Monticello plant fully welcomes the work ethic, leadership, and applied knowledge vet-erans can bring to a position. Those who serve and sacrifice to keep our Nation safe not only deserve our respect, but also our help when they come home. That is why Xcel’s com-mitment to hire our veterans is so im-portant. I commend the Monticello Nuclear Generating Plant for hiring our vet-erans and for assisting employees who are serving in the Guard or Reserves. Congratulations and thank you to Xcel Energy for your well-deserved award. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. In you, Lord, is found the fullness of life and love. It is why the human heart always longs for more. We seek You, Lord, sometimes without knowing it. People within our borders, within this Chamber, pray for our Nation. Others around the world pray for the United States of America as well. So many see our potential for good, for doing the right thing in the search for justice and peace. Answer the longing of Your people, Lord. Draw closer to us. Help the Mem-bers of the people’s House to realize the promise You have placed within them. Not by words alone, but by actions, help them as those of Your choosing to be people of promise who give You glory in their service to the Nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause one, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNIZING LANCASTER GENERAL HEALTH/PENN MEDICINE (Mr. PITTS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Lancaster General Health/Penn Medicine for being a final-ist in the 2015 McGaw Prize for Excel-lence in Community Service. Lancaster General was the only Pennsylvania health system to be recognized for this honor. Lancaster General was singled out for its work on community programs for the chronically ill, the Amish com-munity, and those dealing with tobacco and obesity issues. Recently, the health system launched a community-led effort called Lighten Up Lancaster that works to in-crease obesity awareness and weight loss. For the Amish, Lancaster General offered a special free immunization program for children in the rural areas. The Hospital and Healthsystem Asso-ciation of Pennsylvania said Lancaster General Health/Penn Medicine has fully recognized that a relationship with the community is invaluable and key to improving health and wellness. It is well-deserving of this national recognition. Lancaster General used the $10,000 prize money to pay for technology to track and coordinate its social serv-ices. Congratulations, Lancaster Gen-eral Health/Penn Medicine. 
f 
FLINT RESIDENTS DESERVE ACTION BY THEIR GOVERNMENT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, my home-town of Flint is still facing a crisis: 100,000 people still cannot turn on their tap and have access to safe drinking water. This Congress faces a multitude of public health crises—Zika, the opioid epidemic—but Congress must also do its job and act on Flint to aid the peo-ple that I represent of my hometown that are still suffering and still cannot drink the water coming out of the tap—100,000 people. This is a disaster. It is a crisis that demands Congress to act. Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.002 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2391 May 16, 2016 
should do its job and immediately take up the Families of Flint Act, legisla-tion that I have introduced that has over 150 cosponsors, 150 Members of this body cosponsoring legislation that would replace those damaged lead serv-ice lines, provide public health service and wraparound services, especially for children who can overcome the impact of lead exposure, but just need help in order to do so. Families in Flint have waited too long. Congress has to do its job and act on the Flint crisis. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 5 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 4 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
CONVEYING FEDERAL PROPERTY TO THE MUNICIPALITY OF AN-CHORAGE, ALASKA Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1492) to direct the Adminis-trator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property lo-cated in the State of Alaska to the Mu-nicipality of Anchorage, Alaska. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1492 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REAL PROPERTY CONVEYANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
RCHIVIST .—The term ‘‘Archivist’’ means the Archivist of the United States. (2) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means the Mu-nicipality of Anchorage, Alaska. (b) C
ONVEYANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act and after completion of the survey and appraisal described in this section, the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archi-vist, shall offer to convey to the City by quitclaim deed for the consideration and under the conditions described in subsection (d), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property de-scribed in subsection (c). (2) COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—The City shall be responsible for paying— (A) the costs of an appraisal conducted pursuant to subsection (d)(1)(B); and (B) any other costs relating to the convey-ance of the Federal property under this Act. (c) L
EGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The parcel to be conveyed under subsection (b) consists of approxi-mately 9 acres and improvements located at 400 East Fortieth Avenue in the City that is administered by the National Archives and Records Administration. (2) S
URVEY REQUIRED .—As soon as prac-ticable after the date of enactment of this Act, the exact acreage and legal description of the real property to be conveyed under subsection (b) shall be determined by a sur-vey, paid for by the City, that is satisfactory to the Archivist. (d) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As consideration for the conveyance of the property under subsection (b), the City shall pay to the Archivist an amount not less than the fair market value of the conveyed property, to be determined as provided in subparagraph (B). (B) A
PPRAISAL .—The fair market value of the property to be conveyed under sub-section (b) shall be determined based on an appraisal that— (i) is conducted by a licensed, independent appraiser that is approved by the Archivist and the City; (ii) is based on the highest and best use of the property; (iii) is approved by the Archivist; and (iv) is paid for by the City. (2) P
RECONVEYANCE ENTRY .—The Archivist, on terms and conditions the Archivist deter-mines to be appropriate, may authorize the City to enter the property at no charge for preconstruction and construction activities. (3) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Archivist may require additional terms and conditions in connection with the con-veyance under subsection (b) as the Archi-vist considers appropriate to protect the in-terests of the United States. (e) P
ROCEEDS .—Any net proceeds received by the Archivist as a result of the convey-ance under this Act shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treas-ury considers appropriate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on S. 1492. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. For the record, this is the same bill that has passed this House twice unani-mously. It was over in the Senate, and they sent it back to us. It is a very simple bill that would direct the Gen-eral Services Administration, on behalf of the National Archives, to convey property to Alaska, to the city of An-chorage. I am pleased that the sponsor of the House companion bill, as I mentioned before, has been passed by the House twice and has now been sent back to my senator, Senator DANSULLIVAN . The National Archives has deter-mined that it no longer needs the prop-erty and wants to sell it as part of its efforts to shrink its real estate foot-print and reduce the costs to the tax-payer. The bill will require fair market value for the property based on an independent appraisal. The proceeds will be deposited into the Treasury and will be used for deficit reduction. This bill is in line with what we have been urging all Federal agencies to do—consolidate and reduce their space and sell unneeded properties. The municipality of Anchorage re-quested this land be made available, and the city council passed a resolu-tion that thanks the delegation for supporting this legislation. I am very excited to get this land into the hands of the municipality of Anchorage for development purposes. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I support S. 1492, which directs the GSA, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey 9 acres of property in Anchorage, Alaska, to the local municipality in exchange for its fair market value. The GSA and the Archivist of the United States have come to the conclu-sion that this property is underutilized and is no longer needed by the Federal Government. A House version of this bill was reported out of committee by a voice vote and was subsequently passed by the House. Selling this property to the city of Anchorage, Alaska, at its fair market value protects the inter-ests of taxpayers who acquired the property. It also allows the Federal Government to shed the costs of main-taining and securing an unneeded prop-erty. Finally, I encourage the GSA to con-tinue using its existing authority and expertise to identify and dispose of other pieces of underutilized Federal real estate as appropriate. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation, and I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1492. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.005 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2392 May 16, 2016 
The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STOLEN IDENTITY REFUND FRAUD PREVENTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3832) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prevent tax-related identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3832 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stolen Iden-tity Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CENTRALIZED POINT OF CONTACT FOR IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS. 
The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Sec-retary’s delegate, shall establish and main-tain an office at the Internal Revenue Serv-ice and procedures to ensure that any tax-payer whose return has been delayed or oth-erwise adversely affected due to the theft of the taxpayer’s identity has a centralized point of contact throughout the processing of his or her case. The office shall coordinate with other offices within the Internal Rev-enue Service to resolve the taxpayer’s case as quickly as possible. 
SEC. 3. TAXPAYER NOTIFICATION OF SUSPECTED IDENTITY THEFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7529. NOTIFICATION OF SUSPECTED IDEN-TITY THEFT. 
‘‘If the Secretary determines that there was an unauthorized use of the identity of any taxpayer, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) as soon as practicable and without jeopardizing an investigation relating to tax administration, notify the taxpayer and in-clude with that notice— ‘‘(A) instructions to the taxpayer about fil-ing a police report, and ‘‘(B) the forms the taxpayer must submit to allow investigating law enforcement offi-cials to access the taxpayer’s personal infor-mation, and ‘‘(2) if any person is criminally charged by indictment or information relating to such unauthorized use, notify such taxpayer as soon as practicable of such charge.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7529. Notification of suspected iden-tity theft.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to deter-minations made after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. REPORT ON ELECTRONIC FILING OPT OUT. 
The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate) shall submit a feasibility study to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate describ-ing a program under which a person who has filed an identity theft affidavit with the Sec-retary may elect to prevent the processing of any Federal tax return submitted in an elec-tronic format by that taxpayer or a person purporting to be that taxpayer. The study shall be submitted within 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and should also include a recommendation on whether to implement such a program. SEC. 5. USE OF INFORMATION IN DO NOT PAY INI-TIATIVE IN PREVENTION OF IDEN-TITY THEFT REFUND FRAUD. 
The Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary’s delegate, shall use the informa-tion available under the Do Not Pay Initia-tive established under section 5 of the Im-proper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note) to help prevent identity theft refund fraud. 
SEC. 6. REPORT ON IDENTITY THEFT REFUND FRAUD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2018, and biannually thereafter through September 30, 2023, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate on the extent and nature of fraud involving the use of a misappropriated taxpayer identity with respect to claims for refund under the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 during the pre-ceding completed income tax filing season, and the detection, prevention, and enforce-ment activities undertaken by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to such fraud, including— (1) detailing efforts to combat identity theft fraud, including an update on the vic-tims’ assistance unit; (2) information on both the average and maximum amounts of time that elapsed be-fore the cases of victims of such fraud were resolved; and (3) discussing Internal Revenue Service ef-forts associated with other avenues for ad-dressing identity theft refund fraud. (b) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In addi- tion, each report shall provide an update on the implementation of this Act and identify the need for any further legislation to pro-tect taxpayer identities. (c) P
ROGRESS ON OUTREACH AND EDU-
CATION .—In the first biannual report on iden-tity theft refund fraud under subsection (a), the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall include— (1) an assessment of the agency’s progress on identity theft outreach and education to the private sector, State agencies, and exter-nal organizations; and (2) the results of a feasibility study on the costs and benefits to enhancing its taxpayer authentication approach to the electronic tax return filing process. 
SEC. 7. INFORMATION SHARING AND ANALYSIS CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall establish an in-formation sharing and analysis center to centralize, standardize, and enhance data compilation and analysis to facilitate shar-ing actionable data and information with re-spect to identity theft. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after es-tablishment of the information sharing and analysis center, the Secretary (or the Sec-retary’s delegate) shall submit a report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and Committee on Finance of the Senate on the information sharing and analysis center described in sub-section (a). The report shall include the data that was shared, the use of such data, and the results of the data sharing and analysis center in combating identity theft. 
SEC. 8. LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT LIAISON. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall establish within the Criminal Investigation Division of the Inter-nal Revenue Service the position of Local Law Enforcement Liaison. (b) DUTIES .—The Local Law Enforcement Liaison shall serve as the primary source of contact for State and local law enforcement authorities with respect to tax-related iden-tity theft, having duties that shall include— (1) receiving information from State and local law enforcement authorities; (2) responding to inquiries from State and local law enforcement authorities; (3) administering authorized information- sharing initiatives with State or local law enforcement authorities and reviewing the performance of such initiatives; (4) ensuring any information provided through authorized information-sharing ini-tiatives with State or local law enforcement authorities is used only for the prosecution of identity theft-related crimes and not re- disclosed to third parties; and (5) such other duties relating to tax-related identity theft prevention as are delegated by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. 
SEC. 9. IRS PHONE SCAM REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion, in consultation with the Federal Com-munications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission, shall submit a report to Congress regarding identity theft phone scams under which individuals attempt to obtain personal information over the phone from taxpayers by falsely claiming to be calling from or on behalf the Internal Rev-enue Service. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—Such report shall include— (1) a description of the nature and form of such scams; (2) an estimate of the number of taxpayers contacted pursuant to, and the number of taxpayers who have been victims of, such scams; (3) an estimate of the amount of wrongful payments obtained from such scams; and (4) details of potential solutions to combat and prevent such scams, including best prac-tices from the private sector and techno-logical solutions. 
SEC. 10. PROVIDING IDENTITY THEFT PREVEN-TION INFORMATION WHILE ON HOLD WITH INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE. 
The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Sec-retary’s delegate, shall ensure that if a tax-payer is on hold with the Internal Revenue Service on a taxpayer service telephone call the following information is provided: (1) Basic information about common iden-tity theft tax scams. (2) Directions on where to report such ac-tivity. (3) Tips on how to protect against identity theft tax scams. 
SEC. 11. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.008 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2393 May 16, 2016 
which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 3832, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to urge approval of H.R. 3832, the Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Pre-vention Act of 2016. I introduced this bipartisan legisla-tion with my friend and colleague, Mr. L
EWIS, to combat tax-related identity theft. On a personal note, it has been an honor to work with Mr. L
EWIS. He paid me a great compliment when he said I ‘‘rained passion and truth’’ on the important issue of identity theft. Truthfully, since Congressman L
EWIS was first elected, he has been a legis-lator who has brought great passion and truth to every endeavor of his sto-ried career. I truly thank him for working with me on this legislation. Tax-related identity theft is an evolving criminal activity that targets innocent taxpayers nationwide and robs the Treasury of billions of dollars each year. I was grateful for the oppor-tunity last month to testify before the Committee on Ways and Means about my experience with tax-related ID theft. Last year, my personal informa-tion was stolen, and someone used that information to electronically file a fraudulent tax return for my wife and me. That return, which included a fraudulent W–2 from the House of Rep-resentatives, claimed a significant re-fund, with the proceeds directed to a bank account outside the U.S. So when it comes to ID theft, I truly understand the impact that it has on taxpayers in northeast Ohio and across the country. I am committed to cracking down on the growing threat, and this bipartisan bill is an important first step forward. I was pleased that two core compo-nents from this bill were included in the PATH Act that passed last Decem-ber. The remaining components of this bill will help further shield taxpayer dollars from thieves and reduce the hardships that are caused by this criminal activity. They include estab-lishing a centralized point of contact at the IRS for ID theft victims. This will make it easier for victims to re-solve their ID theft tax cases and en-sure a unit at the IRS is held account-able for handling a taxpayer’s case from start to finish. Another one would improve the tax-payer notification of suspected ID theft. When the IRS determines there has been the unauthorized use of a tax-payer’s identity, the IRS would be re-quired—as soon as practicable and without jeopardizing an investigation— to notify the taxpayer and give in-structions to the taxpayer about filing a police report. The last one I will mention would re-quire the IRS to submit a study on the feasibility of establishing a program for ID theft victims to be able to opt out of electronic filing. This provision would require the IRS to report back to Congress within 180 days on this issue. I also thank my friend, Mr. PAS-
CRELL , for his work on this issue and for his amendments that were incor-porated into the bill during this mark-up last month. Mr. Speaker, tax-related identity theft is one of the most pressing chal-lenges that we face in the world of tax administration. This complex and evolving threat requires cooperation from Congress, the IRS, State revenue agencies, and industry stakeholders. While I am aware that not every tax- related ID theft problem is best served with a congressional solution, this leg-islation is an important first step in fighting ID theft and in better pro-tecting victims. I urge all Members to support this bi-partisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, May 13, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways & Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I am writing with respect to H.R. 3832, the ‘‘Stolen Identity Re-fund Fraud Prevention Act,’’ which was re-ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 3832 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 3832 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3832, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 3832. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, May 16, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3832, the ‘‘Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2016.’’ As you noted, the Committee on the Judiciary was granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 3832 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Judiciary is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I commend my friend from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ) for his work on this bill. As he knows, I have been interested in this issue of tax fraud and identity theft for some time. I am pleased that the bill we are marking up today, H.R. 3832, includes many provisions included in the bill that I put forth, H.R. 3981, the Identity Theft and Tax Fraud Prevention Act. These provisions include having a cen-tral point of contact for a victim of identity theft and taxpayer notifica-tion of suspected identity theft. In ad-dition, two of my amendments were in-cluded in the bill. The first would create a local law en-forcement liaison within the Criminal Investigation Division of the IRS. Our police and law enforcement officers are out every day, keeping our commu-nities safe and tracking down crimi-nals. Too often, coordinating their ef-forts with the IRS when it comes to identity theft is not as easy as it should be. My amendment helps law enforce-ment officers do their jobs by creating a local law enforcement liaison at the IRS. This position will be tasked with sharing information and responding to local law enforcement when they have information or inquiries about identity theft cases. It is common sense, and it will make it easier for police officers to go to a single place at the IRS when they want to work a case. The second amendment included in this bill deals with the IRS phone scam, and this is growing by the day. Imagine sitting at home when you re-ceive a call from a threatening voice on the other end of the line that claims to be the IRS. For too many Ameri-cans, this experience is all too famil-iar. These criminals may ask unsuspecting citizens for their personal information, for their Social Security numbers, or even for bank account in-formation—that has been done; it is very common—and will threaten them with arrest or other penalties if the lis-teners don’t comply. These phone scams have become increasingly ag-gressive and harmful to taxpayers. My amendment addresses this prob-lem in practical ways. First, it requires the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration to issue a report that identifies potential technological solu-tions to the phone scam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.009 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2394 May 16, 2016 
Second, it would have the IRS pro-vide information to callers who may be put on hold, when calling in, regarding common identity theft tax scams and how to avoid them. We need to do all we can to make sure taxpayers are informed and armed against these scams. Identity theft and tax fraud is a growing problem in the United States of America. As tech-nology changes and as criminal syn-dicates target American citizens’ tax returns, we have an obligation to ad-dress the issue. This bill does not go quite as far as I would have liked, and I urge my col-leagues to take a look at H.R. 3981. I am also proud to be a cosponsor of Con-gressman J
OHN LEWIS’ bill, the Tax-payer Protection Act of 2016, which takes additional steps to increase fund-ing for taxpayer services and to end the use of private debt collectors. This bill is a step in the right direc-tion. I congratulate its sponsor as it is a good example of how we can work to-gether across the aisle and find com-monsense solutions for the American people. I hope this is a harbinger of things to come. Who knows? I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 3832. Mr. R
ENACCI and I are very good friends, as I am with Mr. L
EWIS, and it is good to see Mr. P
ASCRELL here today. The gentleman is right in that it is nice to see us working together to do something about people. This is about people. This is policy that concerns people, and it works in the right direc-tion. I don’t think there is anything quite as unnerving as finding out that somebody has stolen your identity. I think Shakespeare sums it up right in Othello by putting it really succinctly when he says: ‘‘But he that filches from me my good name, robs me of that which not enriches him, and makes me poor indeed.’’ b1615 Now, Pennsylvania is sixth in popu-lation but second when it comes to fraud, tax fraud. This is incredible that this could happen. As we sit here today—and as Mr. P
ASCRELL so clearly pointed out, and Mr. R
ENACCI —this is about protecting people from people who wish to do them harm. They not only wish to take their tax returns, but it robs them of their identity. There is nothing that could be more chilling than losing your identity. As we look at how this goes for-ward—and I think that this phone fraud is the one that is particularly in-teresting. When the IRS calls on you, it is not on the phone. It is in writing. And I tell constituents all the time, I also have received those calls saying that: Hey, you know what? You need to get in touch with us right now. We can handle this over the phone with you. I said: Fine. You know what? Leave your name and number, and I will get back to you because I am really busy right now. That is followed by a very quick click. There is so much going on in our world today. We are so vulnerable at every single turn. We put so much in-formation out there on ourselves. This is a piece of legislation that protects people. It protects not only their re-turns, but protects their identity. So I am glad that Mr. RENACCI has done this with Mr. L
EWIS and my good friend Mr. P
ASCRELL . We stand here today with the same purpose, and that is to protect the people who sent us here to represent them. It is the least we can do. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to quickly say that what is really happening out there is that many seniors are being preyed upon. When you get a threatening phone call, you don’t know what to think. And when you are up there in age, as some of us are, Mr. K
ELLY , you don’t know what to expect, and you don’t know who to turn to. So this is very important, what Mr. R
ENACCI is putting forth right now. I just want everyone to understand that. It has good bipartisan support, and I hope that we can move this very, very quickly. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED). Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle— Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. K
ELLY —in a common refrain. What Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. P
ASCRELL have identified here is some-thing we have been working on in the committee for quite some time, and that is to make sure that we have a tax administration and a Tax Code that re-spects the privacy of individuals. When that privacy is violated—I can-not speak like my colleague from Pennsylvania and quote Shakespeare, as I am a simple country lawyer from western New York—simply, what we need to do is to stand on the side of our taxpayers. When tax fraud occurs, real people suffer as a result of it. What Mr. R
ENACCI and all of us have come together here to support are sim-ple, commonsense reforms that are going to help people out like Terry. Terry is from Hornell in my district. He reached out to us, Mr. Speaker, about 1
1⁄2years to 2 years ago. He, too, was the victim of identity fraud and identity theft. When he went to file his return, he found out that he would not be getting that refund because someone had al-ready stolen that money from the U.S. Government. Terry relied on that money, Mr. Speaker. He needed that money. After many phone calls, after many efforts from our office, we were able to work it out and get that taken care of for Terry. Terry is representative of millions of Americans who have found themselves in this situation, just like Mr. RENACCI  did. So I applaud Mr. R
ENACCI for de-veloping these commonsense reforms that are going to give a point of con-tact at the IRS, that are going to make sure when people engage in identity theft in the tax arena that there are real penalties and consequences to that behavior. I strongly support this legislation, Mr. Speaker, and I urge my colleagues, just as has been demonstrated here today, to come together as we care deeply about the American taxpayer and stand for them as the victims of this crime. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I again want to thank my colleague, Mr. L
EWIS, for his work with me and this legislation. I also truly want to thank Mr. P
ASCRELL . As he said, I hope it is a sign of things to come, where we can work together on important issues that face the American people. I urge all Members to support H.R. 3832, the Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2016. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3832, the Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2016, as amended. While I support the legislation’s un-derlying goal of deterring and preventing tax- related identity theft and tax fraud, I strongly oppose the bill’s expansion of mandatory min-imum sentencing. Section 5 of the bill would expand the man-datory minimums found in Title 18 Section 1028A of the United States Code. This section of Title 18 imposes a mandatory minimum sentence of two years for ‘‘aggravated identity theft.’’ Under section 5 of this bill, a violation of section 7206(b) of the Internal Revenue Code would require a judge to impose a two year mandatory minimum regardless of the cir-cumstances of the case. While a two year sentence may be appropriate for most individ-uals convicted under this bill, it should be left to the discretion of the sentencing judge to de-termine the exact sentence based on all the relevant facts and circumstances. Research and evidence in the past few dec-ades has demonstrated that mandatory mini-mums are ineffective deterrents, waste the taxpayers’ money, force judges to impose irra-tional sentences, and discriminate against mi-norities, particularly with regards to drug of-fenses. Unfortunately, there are too many mandatory minimums in the federal code. Mr. Speaker, if we expect to do anything about that problem, the first step has to be to stop passing new ones. The mandatory mini-mums in the code today did not get there all at once—they got there one at a time, each one part of a larger bill, which on balance might have been a good idea. Therefore, the only way to stop passing new mandatory mini-mums is to stop passing bills that contain mandatory minimums. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote No on H.R. 3832. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.010 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2395 May 16, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3832, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REAFFIRMATION OF THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT AND THE SIX ASSURANCES Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the con-current resolution (H. Con. Res. 88) re-affirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the corner-stone of United States-Taiwan rela-tions, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 88 Whereas the Cold War years cemented the close friendship between the United States and Taiwan, with Taiwan as an anti-Com-munist ally in the Asia-Pacific; Whereas United States economic aid pre-vented Taiwan from sliding into an economic depression in the 1950s and greatly contrib-uted to the island’s later economic takeoff; Whereas Taiwan has flourished to become a beacon of democracy in Asia and leading trade partner for the United States, and the relationship has endured for more than 65 years through many shifts in Asia’s geo-political landscape; Whereas the strong relationship between the United States and Taiwan is based on mutually beneficial security, commercial, and cultural ties; Whereas Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Susan Thornton stated in her testi-mony before the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee on February 11, 2016, that ‘‘The people on Taiwan have built a prosperous, free, and orderly society with strong institutions, worthy of emulation and envy’’; Whereas Deputy Secretary of State Antony J. Blinken stated on March 29, 2016, that with Taiwan’s January 2016 elections, ‘‘the people of Taiwan showed the world again what a mature, Chinese-speaking democracy looks like’’; Whereas on January 1, 1979, when the Car-ter Administration established diplomatic relations with the People’s Republic of China (PRC), it ended formal diplomatic ties with the Republic of China on Taiwan; Whereas, the United States Congress acted swiftly to reaffirm the United States-Taiwan relationship with the enactment of the Tai-wan Relations Act just 100 days later, ensur-ing the United States maintained a robust and enduring relationship with Taiwan; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8) was enacted on April 10, 1979, codi-fying into law the basis for continued com-mercial, cultural, and other relations be-tween the United States and Taiwan; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act was en-acted ‘‘to help maintain peace, security, and stability in the Western Pacific’’, which ‘‘are in the political, security, and economic in-terests of the United States and are matters of international concern’’; Whereas the United States Congress sig-nificantly strengthened the draft legislation originally submitted by the Executive Branch to include provisions concerning Tai-wan’s security in the Taiwan Relations Act; Whereas then-Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Kin Moy stated in his written testi-mony before the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee on March 14, 2014, that, ‘‘Our endur-ing relationship under the Taiwan Relations Act represents a unique asset for the United States and is an important multiplier of our influence in the region’’, and credited the Taiwan Relations Act for having ‘‘played such a key part in protecting Taiwan’s free-dom of action and U.S. interests the last 35 years in the Asia-Pacific area’’; Whereas then-Special Assistant to the President and National Security Council Senior Director for Asian Affairs Evan Medeiros noted on March 28, 2014 that the Taiwan Relations Act was ‘‘an enduring ex-pression to the people of Taiwan about our commitment to their well-being, their secu-rity, their economic autonomy, and their international space’’; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act states ‘‘the United States decision to establish dip-lomatic relations with the People’s Republic of China rests upon the expectation that the future of Taiwan will be determined by peaceful means’’; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act states that it is the policy of the United States to ‘‘provide Taiwan with arms of a defensive character’’ and ‘‘to maintain the capacity of the United States to resist any resort to force or other forms of coercion that would jeopardize the security, or the social or eco-nomic system, of the people on Taiwan’’; Whereas each successive United States Ad-ministration since the enactment of the Tai-wan Relations Act has provided arms of a de-fensive character to Taiwan; Whereas a 2015 Department of Defense re-port to Congress on Military and Security Developments Involving the People’s Repub-lic of China stated that, ‘‘Preparing for po-tential conflict in the Taiwan Strait remains the focus and primary driver of China’s mili-tary investment’’; Whereas the United States has an abiding interest in the preservation of cross-Strait peace and stability, and in peace and sta-bility in the entire Asia-Pacific region; Whereas on July 14, 1982, as the United States negotiated with the People’s Republic of China over the wording of a joint commu-nique’ related to United States arms sales to Taiwan, President Ronald Reagan instructed his representative in Taiwan, American In-stitute in Taiwan (AIT) Director James R. Lilley, to relay a set of assurances to Tai-wan’s then-President Chiang Ching-kuo; Whereas in House and Senate testimony immediately after the issuance of the August 17, 1982, Joint Communique’ with the PRC, then-Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs John H. Holdridge stated on behalf of the Executive Branch that— (1) ‘‘. . .[W]e did not agree to set a date cer-tain for ending arms sales to Taiwan’’; (2) ‘‘. . .[W]e see no mediation role for the United States’’ between Taiwan and the PRC; (3) ‘‘. . .[N]or will we attempt to exert pres-sure on Taiwan to enter into negotiations with the PRC’’; (4) ‘‘. . .[T]here has been no change in our longstanding position on the issue of sov-ereignty over Taiwan’’; (5) ‘‘We have no plans to seek’’ revisions to the Taiwan Relations Act; and (6) the August 17 Communique’, ‘‘should not be read to imply that we have agreed to engage in prior consultations with Beijing on arms sales to Taiwan’’; Whereas these assurances, first delivered to Taiwan’s president by AIT Director Lilley, have come to be known as the Six As-surances; Whereas in testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee on October 4, 2011, then-Assistant Secretary of State Kurt Campbell stated that, ‘‘[The] Taiwan Rela-tions Act, plus the so-called Six Assurances and Three Communique’s, form the founda-tion of our overall approach’’, to relations with Taiwan; and Whereas in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 3, 2014, Assistant Secretary of State Daniel R. Russel stated that the Six Assurances ‘‘con-tinue to play an important part as an ele-ment of our approach to Taiwan and the sit-uation across the strait’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress— (1) affirms that the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances are both corner-stones of United States relations with Tai-wan; and (2) urges the President and Department of State to affirm the Six Assurances publicly, proactively, and consistently as a corner-stone of United States-Taiwan relations. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any ex-traneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 88. I would like to recognize Mr. C
HABOT  for his longstanding dedication and support for the people of Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, Taiwan has always been a strong friend and critical ally to the United States. Congress has been cen-tral to this relationship, championing a strong relationship with Taiwan through landmark measures like the Taiwan Relations Act and through pressing successive administrations to fulfill their obligation to sell defensive arms to Taiwan. Taiwan is now the United States’ ninth largest trading partner, and it is in the U.S.’ interest to have a stable and a prosperous Taiwan. It is an exciting time in Taiwan. In January, a free and fair election once again demonstrated the strength and vibrancy of Taiwan’s democratic sys-tem. And in 3 days, we expect the newly elected President to be inaugu-rated in a peaceful transfer of power from one party to another. The people of Taiwan should be proud of their prosperous, free, and demo-cratic society and what they have been able to accomplish, despite having to face countless challenges outside of their control. Mr. Speaker, when the U.S. estab-lished diplomatic relations with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.012 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2396 May 16, 2016 
People’s Republic of China on January 1, 1979, the U.S. Congress acted just 100 days later to pass the Taiwan Rela-tions Act, which would ensure that the United States maintained a robust and enduring relationship with Taiwan. Three years later, in 1982, President Reagan deepened the U.S. commitment to Taiwan by issuing the Six Assur-ances to Taiwan, which included treat-ing Taiwan as we would treat any one of our allies when making decisions on defensive arms sales, not setting a date for termination of arms sales, and not altering the Taiwan Relations Act. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is espe-cially important when it comes to the Six Assurances. When the Reagan ad-ministration delivered the Six Assur-ances, it was by way of a verbal agree-ment and has largely remained as such since 1982. Today, by passing this resolution, Congress is going on record that the cornerstone of U.S.-Taiwan policy is not only the Taiwan Relations Act, but also the Six Assurances. This impor-tant measure solidifies President Rea-gan’s commitment to Taiwan and urges this administration and the ones that follow to publicly, proactively, and consistently take the Six Assurances into account when handling United States-Taiwan relations. I am proud that in the 114th Congress we have already passed legislation which supports Taiwan’s inclusion in INTERPOL and that we are now also passing a measure which will reassure our friends in Taiwan and press the ad-ministration to continue to abide by the Six Assurances. I am also proud that maintaining a strong relationship with Taiwan continues to be a bipar-tisan issue. I appreciate Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL ’s sup-port on this initiative, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. Let me say that, by passing this resolution, we, the United States Congress, are yet again taking another step toward strengthening the U.S.- Taiwan partnership. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this resolution. Let me once again thank Chairman E
DROYCE and our colleague from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), who introduced this measure. At the end of this week, Taiwan will swear in a new President, marking an-other peaceful democratic transition in that country. I have had the pleasure of meeting the President-elect, Dr. Tsai Ing-wen, several times as well as the country’s outgoing leader, Presi-dent Ma. And though they represent different political parties, it is clear that they are both fully committed to Taiwan’s vibrant democracy and open society. Those values are also at the root of the close ties between the United States and Taiwan. This resolution affirms our commit-ment to the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances. These are the measures that have underpinned our relationship with the Taiwanese people since we normalized relations with the People’s Republic of China. As Taiwan prepares for this week’s political transition, it is vital that the United States send a clear signal that we continue to stand with the people of Taiwan on a range of issues, from Tai-wan’s defense to its growing role on the global stage, to its commitment to freedom and democracy. So I am happy to support this meas-ure. We should continue to stand with our partners in Taiwan, and I wish the people of Taiwan well as they swear in a new President this week. I might add, it is the first woman President of Tai-wan. I urge support for this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). He is chairman of the Small Business Committee, a senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the author of this measure. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 88. I was one of the original founders of the Congressional Taiwan Caucus. It was a bipartisan group of people who founded it. I have been the chairman of the Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. I have been a longtime friend of Taiwan. I have been there probably a dozen times over the years. This important legislation reaffirms the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of U.S.-Tai-wan relations. As a longtime supporter of Taiwan, as I mentioned, I believe that the U.S.- Taiwan relationship is absolutely vital to the security and sustainability not just of Taiwan, but of the whole region. Taiwan is a close ally, one that truly believes and practices freedom and de-mocracy. We witnessed this firsthand this past January, as some of my col-leagues have mentioned, when the peo-ple of Taiwan held democratic national elections resulting in the election of Tsai Ing-wen. I want to congratulate her and wish her best wishes in her role as President of Taiwan. Taiwan elects their people democrat-ically, unlike the PRC right across the Taiwan Strait. As we know, China has been bullying Taiwan for many years now. It is unfortunate that the PRC, China, doesn’t follow, as an example, the people of Taiwan, who democrat-ically elect their leaders. b1630 Taiwan faces an unrelenting threat from China, which has nearly 1,600 bal-listic missiles aimed at this small is-land. I remember when I came to Con-gress about 20 years ago, we talked about how scary it was that there were a couple hundred, 200 or 300 missiles aimed at Taiwan at that time. That has increased over the years to 1,600 missiles aimed at Taiwan from China. Although Taiwan enjoys de facto independence, China’s ultimate goal is to take over Taiwan, to annex Taiwan, whatever the people of Taiwan believe. We absolutely cannot let that happen. China’s ultimate goal, as I say, is the annexation of the island. We have all seen the growing hostilities in the East China Sea and South China Sea over the last couple years. I believe that this legislation under-scores the point that the Taiwan Strait continues to be one of the potential flash points on the globe. We have seen China literally building islands and then militarizing those islands, much to the chagrin of all their neighbors in the region, from Japan to Vietnam, to Taiwan, to the Philippines, and on and on. That is what the PRC, China, has been up to. Any sort of solution be-tween China and Taiwan should be reached in a peaceful and fair manner and only with the agreement of the people of Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, April 10, 2016, marked the 37th anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act, the TRA. This act codifies into law an institu-tional framework and legal basis for continued interaction between the U.S. and Taiwan, and it serves to maintain peace and stability in the western Pa-cific. When President Ronald Reagan agreed to sign the U.S.-China third communique in 1982, he was aware of the communique’s effect on Taiwan and fully recognized that Taiwan need-ed to be reassured that they would not be abandoned—and they will not be abandoned—by the United States. In order to reinforce American sup-port for Taiwan, the United States issued the Six Assurances. The Six As-surances provided a framework for sus-taining the unique relationship be-tween the United States and our ally, Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, they are as valid today as they were back in 1982. They rightfully function along with the TRA, as cornerstones of U.S.-Taiwan relations. I encourage my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, it is important that the democracies of the world stand to-gether to help strengthen freedom, jus-tice, and opportunity. That is why the United States and Taiwan have been such natural partners over the decades. Even as we deal with the People’s Re-public of China, we must continue to stand with our friends in Taiwan. Again, I am delighted that Dr. Tsai Ing-wen is the first female President of Taiwan. Perhaps we will follow suit in November with the first woman Presi-dent. This resolution reaffirms just how important that relationship is; and as Taiwan moves forward with this week’s political transition, that coun-try’s people should know that they have an enduring friend in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.013 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2397 May 16, 2016 
Again, I commend Mr. C HABOT for his insight in putting forward this resolu-tion. I thank our chairman. I support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), the chair-man emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their wonderful leadership for many years on the issue of strengthening U.S.-Taiwan relations. I also want to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), my dear friend, for authoring this important resolution of which I am proud to be a cosponsor. H. Con. Res. 88 reaffirms the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstones of U.S.-Taiwan re-lations, guidelines to which there should be no doubt about the commit-ment of the United States to our neigh-bor. In January, Taiwan once again dem-onstrated that it is one of the world’s strongest and most vibrant democ-racies, a great partner, and I congratu-late President-elect Tsai on her tre-mendous election and all of the people of Taiwan on their continued demo-cratic success. Taiwan is truly a beacon of freedom in the Pacific, serving as an inspiration for those still suffering under repres-sive regimes, and is living proof of what can be achieved with liberty and self-government, principles that under-gird both of our nations and form the foundation for our mutual stability, for our security, for our prosperity. As Taiwan’s neighbor China con-tinues raising tensions in the region, it is crucial that the United States pro-vide Taiwan with the capability to de-fend herself against Chinese aggres-sion, whether that aggression is polit-ical in nature, economic, or military. Both China and Taiwan must know that our commitment to Taiwan has not wavered one bit. Taiwan is an essential U.S. ally. It is our friend. It is our partner. I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), my friend, for authoring this resolu-tion, for reaffirming our commitment to the Taiwan Relations Act, to the Six Assurances, and to the Taiwanese peo-ple here today. The United States will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with Tai-wan. I look forward, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Chairman, and ranking member, to even greater cooperation and friend-ship with Taiwan in the years ahead. I thank the gentleman for the time, and I thank the ranking member for his leadership and Mr. C
HABOT for au-thoring this important resolution. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to support H. Con. Res. 88 and its effects on U.S. foreign rela-tions. Since 1979, the United States has en-joyed a friendly and productive rela-tionship that has been supported by the passage of the Taiwan Relations Act and Six Assurances. The Taiwan Relations Act was a monumental piece of legislation that is directly respon-sible for fostering the longstanding friendship between the United States and Taiwan. The Six Assurances also played a significant role, setting the principles by which the United States would mediate its relationship with Taiwan and China. As security concerns have increased in the South Pacific, our allies in the region have contributed significantly to the safety and economic growth of the region. As a member of the Con-gressional Taiwan Caucus, I am contin-ually supportive of efforts to strength-en the friendship between our two countries. I would like to commend Congress-man CHABOT , Chairman R OYCE , and the Committee on Foreign Affairs for their leadership on this issue and their con-tinued efforts in championing the close ties we have with Taiwan. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this measure so we can continue to ensure a bright future for both Taiwan and for the United States. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. As one of the coauthors of this legis-lation, I really want to thank Rep-resentative C
HABOT for introducing this measure and for being a longtime champion on Taiwan, especially as he was chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific last Congress. I want to thank Mr. E
NGEL as well for his efforts on this legislation. We have a commitment to democ-racy, and we share that with Taiwan. We share this commitment to the rule of law, to human rights. Frankly, Tai-wan serves as an example of what can be built based upon these shared prin-ciples, and so do we. I think the Six Assurances are a crit-ical element of U.S.-Taiwan policy, but obviously they are not consistently ref-erenced or referred to as a cornerstone of U.S.-Taiwan policy alongside the Taiwan Relations Act, which is consid-ered that cornerstone. Passage of H. Con. Res. 88 will put that longstanding verbal agreement onto paper, and, in turn, it will call on the administration and future administrations in unam-biguous terms to publicly abide by the assurances offered by President Reagan. Taiwan is one of America’s closest friends, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Con. Res. 88. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 88, reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstone of U.S.-Taiwan relations. As a co-Chair of the Congressional Taiwan Caucus, I want to thank my colleague and founding co-Chair of the Taiwan Caucus, S
TEVE CHABOT , for introducing this measure. When discussing the origins, stakeholders, and impact of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA), it is important to note the significant role Con-gress played in amending the draft legislation the Executive Branch proposed for the mainte-nance of unofficial relations with Taiwan. I want to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee for working with me on an amendment to H. Con. Res. 88 that credits Congress with significantly strengthening the TRA and the codified U.S. commitment to Taiwan. The draft legislative text proposed by the Executive Branch published in the March 1979 Department of State Bulletin included three simple titles to provide the legal authority for the maintenance of commercial, cultural, and other relations with Taiwan. However, the Taiwan Relations Act enacted into law bears little resemblance to the text published in the March 1979 Bulletin. Through the legislative process in both the House of Representatives and Senate, Con-gress left its mark on our enduring commit-ment to Taiwan in several ways, most notably by adding the security commitments made in Section 2(b)(5) and Section 3 of the TRA. The U.S. and Taiwan have since developed a dynamic relationship based on our shared values, deep economic ties, security relation-ship, and a history of bilateral collaboration. It is in the tradition of Congressional stew-ardship of the U.S.-Taiwan relationship that I urge my colleagues to support H. Con. Res. 88. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 88, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The title of the concurrent resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Concur-rent resolution reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of United States-Tai-wan relations.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING AUTHORITY TO MAIN-TAIN AND OPERATE A TOLL BRIDGE ACROSS THE RIO GRANDE Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2143) to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr- Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2143 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STARR-CAMARGO BRIDGE. 
Public Law 87–532 (76 Stat. 153) is amend-ed— (1) in the first section, in subsection (a)(2)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.014 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2398 May 16, 2016 
(A) by inserting ‘‘, and its successors and assigns,’’ after ‘‘State of Texas’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘consisting of not more than 14 lanes’’ after ‘‘approaches thereto’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘and for a period of sixty- six years from the date of completion of such bridge,’’; (2) in section 2, by inserting ‘‘and its suc-cessors and assigns,’’ after ‘‘companies’’; (3) by redesignating sections 3, 4, and 5 as sections 4, 5, and 6, respectively; (4) by inserting after section 2 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 3. RIGHTS OF STARR-CAMARGO BRIDGE COMPANY AND SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Starr-Camargo Bridge Company and its successors and as-signs shall have the rights and privileges granted to the B and P Bridge Company and its successors and assigns under section 2 of the Act of May 1, 1928 (45 Stat. 471, chapter 466). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In exercising the rights and privileges granted under sub-section (a), the Starr-Camargo Bridge Com-pany and its successors and assigns shall act in accordance with— ‘‘(1) just compensation requirements; ‘‘(2) public proceeding requirements; and ‘‘(3) any other requirements applicable to the exercise of the rights referred to in sub-section (a) under the laws of the State of Texas.’’; and (5) in section 4 (as redesignated by para-graph (3))— (A) by inserting ‘‘and its successors and as-signs,’’ after ‘‘such company’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘public agen-cy,’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘or to a corporation,’’ after ‘‘international bridge authority or commission,’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘authority, or commis-sion’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘authority, commission, or corporation’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and to extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2143, the Starr-Camargo Bridge act, in-troduced by Senator C
ORNYN and by Representative C
UELLAR of Texas. With today’s passage, this bill goes to the President’s desk for signature. The Starr-Camargo Bridge act grants permanent authority to continue oper-ating and maintaining the inter-national bridge that connects Rio Grande City, Texas, with Mexican cit-ies such as Monterrey and Mexico City. This bridge is one of 28 vehicle border crossings on the Texas-Mexico border and one of two privately owned cross-ing facilities. The Starr-Camargo Bridge has had continued growth in commercial traffic since 2009, and it plays an important role in facilitating legitimate trade and travel in the re-gion. This bill, S. 2143, would permanently extend the authority for the Starr- Camargo Bridge Company to operate the bridge. It would grant the bridge company the same rights and privi-leges already granted to this body to the B and P Bridge Company in Progreso, Texas. By granting this au-thority, we would be incentivizing the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to con-tinue maintaining and expanding the bridge’s capacity to keep up with grow-ing trade and commerce along the Texas border with Mexico. This legislation received the full sup-port of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs when it was marked up last month. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, let me once again thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for bringing forward this bipartisan measure and for his continued good leadership on the committee. I also want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), my good friend, who intro-duced the House version of this legisla-tion which has already passed the Sen-ate. When it comes to our southern neigh-bor, Mexico, lately we have been hear-ing far too much about building walls. Mexico is a critically important part-ner to the United States. Our people share long, close ties, so we should be talking about building bridges, Mr. Speaker, not building walls. A few weeks ago, the Senate helped build a bridge by confirming a new Am-bassador to Mexico, Roberta Jacobson. This was long overdue. She is excel-lent, and we are glad to have her on her way to Mexico City now. Today, with this bill, we are talking about, quite literally, strengthening a bridge between the United States and Mexico in the years ahead. The Starr- Camargo Bridge connects Rio Grande, Texas, with Monterrey and Ciudad Camargo in Mexico. The legal author-ity to operate this bridge will expire in 16 years. That may seem like a long way off, but as a result of that end date, we have already started to see a constraint in long-term investments. This bill would eliminate that expira-tion date. We have done the same thing before. The Weslaco-Progreso International Bridge once had a sunsetting author-ization, and Congress acted to lift that deadline. This bill doesn’t cost the U.S. tax-payers a penny, but it does clear the way for this bridge to remain an impor-tant conduit between our countries for years to come. It also sends an impor-tant message from those of us actually responsible for making laws and ad-vancing American foreign policy. Mexico is an extremely important partner to the United States, and bridges—not barriers—will help that friendship to thrive. I support this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank Chairman E
DROYCE for his lead-ership and for the help of his staff on this particular bill. Also, I thank my friend, the ranking member, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , and his staff also for supporting and helping us on this particular bill. As the lead sponsor of this bill, I rise in support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this bill will provide equity in the law and removes a level of uncer-tainty. In 1962, Congress authorized the Starr-Camargo International Bridge Company to construct, operate, and maintain the private toll bridge be-tween the United States and Mexico near Rio Grande City, which is a city in my district. Congress, in drafting this original au-thorization, included a sunset clause of 66 years. In doing so, Congress left a level of uncertainty in the law, as it did not state what should happen to the bridge once the 66 years went by. Congress has authorized private toll bridges or other bridges along the U.S.- Mexico border before, yet previously had not included this sunset on the au-thorization. This sunset clause, while still a number of years away, has al-ready begun to create issues for the owner and operator of the Starr- Camargo Bridge bill. Due to this uncertainty around what should happen to this bridge should the authorization lapse, they are unable to get much-needed long-term financing to make improvements and finance the long-term maintenance and operations of the bridge. This bill will give the Starr-Camargo Bridge permanent sta-tus. The Starr-Camargo Bridge plays an important role in our Nation’s com-merce and the economy of south Texas. The bridge supports 200 to 300 commer-cial trucks per day, consisting of con-struction materials as well as fresh fruits and vegetables coming north and machinery, oil, and recyclable products going south. The bridge further sup-ports the crossing of around 4,000 cars a day. Today the United States trades an estimated $531 billion in goods and services with Mexico, our Nation’s third largest trading partner, and this trade is only expected to grow in the future. In order for our Nation to take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.009 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2399 May 16, 2016 
full advantage of this trade, we must be clear in these sorts of uncertainties in the law. This bill, by ending the authoriza-tion’s sunset, will afford the bridge greater opportunities to pursue and fi-nance projects that will enhance and expand the capacity of the bridge and supporting facilities and further im-prove trade between the United States and Mexico. I would like to thank Senator C
OR-
NYNfor working with me on this legis-lation and for taking that lead and, as I said a few minutes ago, Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support as well as their staffs. I also would like to thank local lead-ers, Starr County Judge Eloy Vera and State Representative Ryan Guillen, for their support of this legislation. I ask my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, in closing, again I want to emphasize that Mexico is a vital partner to the United States in terms of trade, security, and a wide range of regional concerns. We need to keep all the channels between our countries flowing, and that includes the physical connections between the U.S. and Mexico. This bill would help strengthen an important bridge between our coun-tries and, at the same time, signal just how important we consider this friend-ship. I support this measure. I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I want to thank Representative C
UELLAR for his steadfast leadership to ensure the House’s consideration of this legislation and that we move for-ward on this. I thought I would also point out that this bill comes at no cost to the tax-payer. What it does instead is incentivizes the private sector to in-vest and maintain this important com-mercial border crossing. That is the point here. While the actual end date for the bridge’s authority is still some years away, the lack of that permanent au-thority has already begun to constrain the financing of long-term improve-ments that will help make the crossing more efficient and secure. So I thank Mr. C
UELLAR again and, also, Mr. C
ASTRO and Mr. P OE, both members of the committee who have also been strong supporters. I thank Mr. E
NGEL for helping to en-sure that our border infrastructure is maintained and modernized to keep pace with the growing legitimate com-mercial activity across our southern border. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2143. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FRANK R. WOLF INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1150) to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to im-prove the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assist-ance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to re-ligious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1150 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE AND TABLE OF CON-TENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; Policy. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Office on International Religious Freedom; Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom. Sec. 102. Annual Report on International Religious Freedom. Sec. 103. Training for Foreign Service offi-cers; report. Sec. 104. Prisoner lists and issue briefs on religious freedom concerns. TITLE II—NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL Sec. 201. Special Adviser for International Religious Freedom. TITLE III—PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS Sec. 301. Non-state actor designations. Sec. 302. Presidential actions in response to particularly severe violations of religious freedom. Sec. 303. Report to Congress. Sec. 304. Presidential waiver. Sec. 305. Publication in the Federal Reg-ister. TITLE IV—PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Sec. 401. Assistance for promoting religious freedom. TITLE V—DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Sec. 501. Designated Persons List for Par-ticularly Severe Violations of Religious Freedom. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 601. Miscellaneous provisions. Sec. 602. Clerical amendments. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; POLICY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 2(a) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting imme-diately prior to the penultimate sentence the following new sentence: ‘‘The freedom of thought, conscience, and religion is under-stood to protect theistic and non-theistic be-liefs as well as the right not to profess or practice any religion.’’; and (2) in paragraph (6)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and the specific targeting of non-theists, humanists, and atheists be-cause of their beliefs’’ after ‘‘religious perse-cution’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and in regions where non- state actors exercise significant political power and influence’’ after ‘‘religious ma-jorities’’. (b) POLICY .—Section 2(b) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) Because the promotion of inter-national religious freedom protects human rights, advances democracy abroad, and ad-vances United States interests in stability, security, and development globally, the pro-motion of international religious freedom re-quires new and evolving policies, and diplo-matic responses that are drawn from the ex-pertise of the national security agencies, the diplomatic services, and other governmental agencies and nongovernmental organiza-tions, and are coordinated across and carried out by the entire range of Federal agen-cies.’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402) is amended— (1) in paragraph (13)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (v) and (vi), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) not professing a particular religion, or any religion;’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘conscience, non-theistic views, or’’ before ‘‘religious belief or prac-tice’’; and (ii) by inserting after ‘‘forced religious conversion’’ the following: ‘‘, forcibly com-pelling non-believers or non-theists to recant their beliefs or to convert’’; and (2) by adding at the end, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(14) S
PECIAL WATCH LIST .—The term ‘Spe-cial Watch List’ means the Special Watch List as contained in the Executive Summary to the Annual Report and described in sec-tion 102(b)(1)(F)(iii). ‘‘(15) N
ON-STATE ACTOR .—The term ‘non- state actor’ means a nonsovereign entity that exercises significant political power and is able to exert influence at a national or international level but does not belong to or ally itself to any particular country and often employs illegal violence in pursuit of its objectives. ‘‘(16) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)’’. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. OFFICE ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM; AMBASSADOR AT LARGE FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101 of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end before the period the following: ‘‘, and shall report directly to the Secretary of State’’; (2) in subsection (c)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.018 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2400 May 16, 2016 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘responsibility’’ and insert-ing ‘‘responsibilities’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘shall be to advance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall be to— ‘‘(A) advance’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A) (as so added), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) integrate United States international religious freedom policies and strategies into the foreign policy efforts of the United States.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the prin-cipal adviser to’’ before ‘‘the Secretary of State’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) contacts with nongovernmental orga-nizations that have an impact on the state of religious freedom in their respective soci-eties or regions, or internationally.’’; (D) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION RESPONSIBILITIES .—In order to promote religious freedom as an in-terest of United States foreign policy, the Ambassador at Large— ‘‘(A) shall coordinate international reli-gious freedom policies across all programs, projects, and activities of the United States; and ‘‘(B) should participate in any interagency processes on issues in which the promotion of international religious freedom policy can advance United States national security in-terests, including in democracy promotion, stability, security, and development glob-ally.’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘staff for the Office’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘individuals to fill at least 25 full-time equivalent staff positions, and any other temporary staff po-sitions as needed to compile, edit, and man-age the Annual Report under the direct su-pervision of the Ambassador at Large, and for the conduct of investigations by the Of-fice and for necessary travel to carry out the provisions of this Act. The Secretary of State should also provide to the Ambassador at Large funds that are sufficient to carry out the duties described in this section, in-cluding as necessary representation funds, in amounts comparable to those provided to other Ambassadors at Large in the Depart-ment of State.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Because inter-national religious freedom is a vital foreign policy interest and one that needs coordina-tion across many regional bureaus and among Special Envoys and Special Rep-resentatives with overlapping mandates, the Secretary of State should consider elevating the office of International Religious Free-dom and the position of the Ambassador-at- Large for International Religious Freedom to the Office of the Secretary, similar to other Ambassador-at-Large positions that now report directly to the Secretary. Pro-viding the Office of International Religious Freedom with additional resources and sta-tus will demonstrate both the strategic im-portance of international religious freedom policy within the State Department bureauc-racy and show persecuted religious groups globally that the U.S. gives priority to the protection and promotion of international religious freedom as mandated by the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998. SEC. 102. ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘September 1’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (vii); and (B) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing new clauses: ‘‘(iv) particularly severe violations of reli-gious freedom in that country in the case of a foreign country with respect to which a government does not exist or the govern-ment does not control its territory; ‘‘(v) an identification of prisoners in that country pursuant to section 108; ‘‘(vi) any action taken by the government of that country to censor religious content, communications, or worship activities on-line, including descriptions of the targeted religious group, the content, communica-tion, or activities censored, and the means used.’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i)— (A) by inserting ‘‘persecution of lawyers, politicians, or other human rights advocates seeking to defend the rights of members of religious groups or highlight religious free-dom violations, prohibitions on ritual ani-mal slaughter or male infant circumcision,’’ after ‘‘entire religions,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘policies that ban or re-strict the public manifestation of religious belief and the peaceful involvement of reli-gious groups or their members in the polit-ical life of each such foreign country,’’ after ‘‘such groups,’’; (4) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘A description’’ and insert-ing ‘‘A comprehensive description’’; (B) by striking ‘‘policies in support’’ and inserting ‘‘diplomatic and political coordina-tion efforts, and other policies in support’’; and (C) by adding at the end before the period the following: ‘‘, and a comprehensive and country-specific analysis of the impact of ac-tions by the United States on the status of religious freedom in each such country’’; and (5) in subparagraph (F)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 402(b)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 402(b)(1)(B)(i)’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any country in which a non-state actor des-ignated as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Free-dom Act is located shall be included in this section of the report.’’ (B) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL WATCH LIST .—A list, to be known as the ‘Special Watch List’, which shall identify each country that engages in or tolerates severe violations of religious freedom during the previous year but which the President determines does not meet, at the time of the publication of the Annual Re-port, all of the criteria described in section 3(11) for designation under section 402(b)(1).’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the original intent of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.) was to require annual reports from both the Department of State and the Com-mission on International Religious Freedom to be delivered each year, during the same calendar year, and with at least 5 months separating these reports, in order to provide updated information for policy-makers, Members of Congress, and nongovernmental organizations; and (2) given that the annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices no longer con-tain updated information on religious free-dom conditions globally, it is important that the Department of State and the Commis-sion work together to fulfill the original in-tent of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. SEC. 103. TRAINING FOR FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-CERS; REPORT. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO FOREIGN SERVICE ACT OF  1980.—Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; (2) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Secretary of State’’ and in-serting ‘‘R
EFUGEES .—The Secretary of State’’; (3) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Secretary of State’’ and in-serting ‘‘C
HILD SOLDIERS .—The Secretary of State’’; (4) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall develop a curriculum for training United States Foreign Service officers in the scope and strategic value of international re-ligious freedom, how violations of inter-national religious freedom harm funda-mental United States interests, how the ad-vancement of international religious free-dom can advance such interests, how United States international religious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States diplomats and other Foreign Service officers, and the relevance and relationship of international religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, development, and public affairs efforts. The Secretary of State shall ensure the availability of sufficient re-sources to develop and implement such cur-riculum. ‘‘(2) R
OLE OF OTHER OFFICIALS .—The Sec- retary of State shall carry out paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) with the assistance of the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Free-dom appointed under section 101(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998; ‘‘(B) in coordination with the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Af-fairs Training Center and other Federal offi-cials as appropriate; and ‘‘(C) in consultation with the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom established in section 201(a) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 and other relevant stakeholders. ‘‘(b) T
RAINING PROGRAM .—Not later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act, the Direc-tor of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center shall begin manda-tory training on religious freedom for all Foreign Service officers, including all entry level officers, all officers prior to departure for posting outside the United States, and all outgoing deputy chiefs of mission and am-bassadors. Such training shall, at minimum, be a separate, independent, and required seg-ment of each of the following: ‘‘(1) The A–100 course attended by all For-eign Service officers. ‘‘(2) The courses required of every Foreign Service officer prior to a posting outside the United States, with segments tailored to the particular religious demography, religious freedom conditions, and United States strat-egies for advancing religious freedom, in each receiving country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.008 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2401 May 16, 2016 
‘‘(3) The courses required of all outgoing deputy chiefs of mission and ambassadors. ‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The cur-riculum and training materials developed pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) should be made available to all other Federal agen-cies.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, with the assistance of the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, and the Director of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate a report con-taining a comprehensive plan for under-taking training for Foreign Service officers as required under section 708 of the Foreign Services Act of 1980, as amended by sub-section (a) of this section. 
SEC. 104. PRISONER LISTS AND ISSUE BRIEFS ON RELIGIOUS FREEDOM CONCERNS. 
Section 108 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6417) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘faith’’ and inserting ‘‘activities, religious freedom advocacy, or efforts to protect and advance the universally-recognized right to the free-dom of religion,’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘, as ap-propriate, provide’’ and insert ‘‘make avail-able’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) V
ICTIMS LIST MAINTAINED BY THE  U
NITED STATES COMMISSION ON INTER -
NATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall make publicly available online and in offi-cial publications lists of persons it deter-mines are imprisoned, detained, disappeared, placed under house arrest, tortured, or sub-ject to forced renunciations of faith for their religious activity or religious freedom advo-cacy by the government of a foreign country that the Commission recommends for des-ignation as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under section 402(b)(1) or by a non-state actor that the Commission recommends for designation as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act and include as much publicly-available information as possible on the conditions and circumstances of such persons. ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION .—In compiling such lists, the Commission shall exercise all appro-priate discretion, including consideration of the safety and security of, and benefit to, the persons who may be included on the lists and the families of such persons.’’. TITLE II—NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL 
SEC. 201. SPECIAL ADVISER FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Section 101 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021) is amended by striking subsection (k) and inserting the following: ‘‘(k) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that there should be within the staff of the National Security Council a Spe-cial Adviser to the President on Inter-national Religious Freedom, whose position should be comparable to that of a director within the Executive Office of the President, with the primary responsibility to serve as a resource for executive branch officials on international religious freedom, compiling and maintaining information on the facts and circumstances of violations of religious freedom (as defined in section 3 of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998), and making relevant policy recommendations to advance United States international reli-gious freedom policy. The Special Advisor should also assist the Ambassador-at-Large to coordinate international religious free-dom policies and strategies throughout the executive branch and within any interagency policy committees where the Ambassador-at- Large participates.’’. TITLE III—PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS SEC. 301. NON-STATE ACTOR DESIGNATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, con-current with the annual foreign country re-view required by section 402(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1))— (1) review and identify any non-state ac-tors operating in any such reviewed country or surrounding region that have engaged in particularly severe violations of religious freedom; and (2) designate, in a manner consistent with such Act, each such non-state actor as an en-tity of particular concern for religious free-dom. (b) R
EPORT .—Whenever the President des-ignates a non-state actor under subsection (a) as an entity of particular concern for reli-gious freedom, the President shall, as soon as practicable after the designation is made, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report detailing the reasons for such designation. (c) A
CTIONS .—The President should take specific actions to address severe violations of religious freedom of non-state actors that are designated under subsection (a), includ-ing taking actions commensurate to those actions described in section 405 of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6445). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE ANNUAL RE-
PORT .—The Secretary of State should include information detailing the reasons the Presi-dent designated a non-state actor as an enti-ty of particular concern for religious free-dom under subsection (a) in the Annual Re-port required in section 102(b)(1) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)). (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should work with Congress to create new political, financial, and diplomatic tools to address se-vere violations of religious freedom by non- state actors and to update the actions the President can take in section 405 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. (f) D
ETERMINATIONS OF RESPONSIBLE PAR-
TIES.—In order to appropriately target Presi-dential actions under the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 in response, the President shall with respect to each non- state actor designated as an entity of par-ticular concern for religious freedom under subsection (a), seek to determine the specific officials or members thereof that are respon-sible for the particularly severe violations of religious freedom engaged in or tolerated by that entity. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’, ‘‘non-state actor’’, and ‘‘particularly severe violations of religious freedom’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402), as amended by section 3 of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS IN RESPONSE TO PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Section 402 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which each Annual Report is submitted under section 102(b), the Presi-dent shall— ‘‘(i) review the status of religious freedom in each foreign country to determine wheth-er the government of that country has en-gaged in or tolerated particularly severe vio-lations of religious freedom in each such country during the preceding 12 months or longer; and ‘‘(ii) designate each country the govern-ment of which has engaged in or tolerated violations described in clause (i) as a country of particular concern for religious freedom.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 1 of the respective year’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the date on which each Annual Report is submitted under section 102(b)’’; (B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever the President designates a country as a country of par-ticular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A), the President shall, not later than 90 days after the designation is made, transmit to the appropriate congres-sional committees— ‘‘(i) the designation of the country, signed by the President; ‘‘(ii) the identification, if any, of respon-sible parties determined under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(iii) a description of the actions taken under subsection (c), the purposes of the ac-tions taken, and the effectiveness of the ac-tions taken. ‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—A country that is designated as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under para-graph (1)(A) shall retain such designation until the President determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the country should no longer be so des-ignated.’’; and (C) by adding at the end, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF COUNTRIES ON SPECIAL  
WATCH LIST .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall des-ignate as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A) any country that appears on the Special Watch List in more than 2 consecutive Annual Re-ports. ‘‘(B) E
XERCISE OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The President may waive the application of sub-paragraph (A) with respect to a country for up to 2 years if the President certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that— ‘‘(i) the country has entered into an agree-ment with the United States to carry out specific and credible actions to improve reli-gious freedom conditions and end religious freedom violations; ‘‘(ii) the country has entered into an agree-ment with the United Nations, the European Union, or other ally of the United States, to carry out specific and credible actions to im-prove religious freedom conditions and end religious freedom violations; or ‘‘(iii) the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT ON DESIGNATION AS COUNTRY OF  
PARTICULAR CONCERN .—The presence or ab-sence of a country from the Special Watch List in any given year shall not preclude the designation of such country as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A) in any such year.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(5), in the second sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘and include a descrip-tion of the impact of the designation of such sanction or sanctions that exist in each country’’ after ‘‘determines satisfy the re-quirements of this subsection’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.008 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2402 May 16, 2016 
SEC. 303. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Section 404(a)(4)(A) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6444(a)(4)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) the impact on the advancement of United States interests in democracy, human rights, and security, and a descrip-tion of policy tools being applied in the country, including programs that target democratic stability, economic growth, and counter-terrorism.’’. 
SEC. 304. PRESIDENTIAL WAIVER. 
Section 407 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6447) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, for a single 180-day pe-riod,’’ after ‘‘may waive’’; (2) by striking ‘‘that—’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘that the exercise of such waiver authority would further the purposes of this Act.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); (4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (c), the President may waive, for any additional period of time after the 180- day period described in subsection (a), the application of any of the actions described in paragraphs (9) through (15) of section 405(a) (or a commensurate action in substitution thereto) with respect to a country, if the President determines and so reports to the appropriate congressional committees that— ‘‘(1) the respective foreign government has ceased the violations giving rise to the Presi-dential action; or ‘‘(2) the exercise of such authority is im-portant to the national interests of the United States.’’. (5) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘or (b)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) ongoing and persistent waivers of the application of any of the actions described in paragraphs (9) through (15) of section 405(a) (or commensurate action in substitution thereto) with respect to a country do not ful-fill the purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(2) because the promotion of religious freedom is a compelling interest of United States foreign policy, the President, the Sec-retary of State, and other Executive branch officials, in consultation with Congress, should seek to find ways to address existing violations, on a case-by-case basis, through the actions specified in section 405 or other commensurate action in substitution there-to.’’. 
SEC. 305. PUBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG-ISTER. 
Section 408(a)(1) of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6448(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any designation of a non- state actor as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Free-dom Act, together with, when applicable and to the extent practicable, the identities of individuals determined to be responsible for the violations under subsection (e) of such section.’’. TITLE IV—PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM SEC. 401. ASSISTANCE FOR PROMOTING RELI-GIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that for each fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Department of State should make available— (1) an amount equal to not less than 10 per-cent of the amounts available in that fiscal year for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund for the promotion of international reli-gious freedom and for projects to advance United States interests in the protection and advancement of international religious free-dom, in particular, through grants to— (A) groups that are able to develop legal protections or promote cultural and societal understanding of international norms of reli-gious freedom; (B) groups that seek to address and miti-gate religiously motivated and sectarian vio-lence and combat violent extremism; and (C) groups that seek to strengthen inves-tigations, reporting, and monitoring of reli-gious freedom violations; and (2) an amount equal to not less than 2 per-cent of amounts available in that fiscal year for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund to be made available for the establishment of a Religious Freedom Defense Fund, adminis-tered by the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom, to provide grants for— (A) victims of religious freedom abuses and their families to cover legal and other ex-penses that may arise from detention, im-prisonment, torture, fines, and other restric-tions; and (B) projects to help create and support training of a new generation of defenders of religious freedom, including legal and polit-ical advocates, and civil society projects which seek to create advocacy networks, strengthen legal representation, train and educate new religious freedom defenders, and build the capacity of religious communities and rights defenders to protect against reli-gious freedom violations, mitigate societal or sectarian violence, or minimize legal or other restrictions of the right to freedom of religion. (b) P
REFERENCE .—It is the sense of Con-gress that, in providing grants under sub-section (a), the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom should, as appropriate, give preference to projects tar-geting religious freedom violations in coun-tries designated as countries of particular concern for religious freedom under section 402(b)(1) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)) and countries included on the Special Watch List described in section 102(b)(1)(F)(iii) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)(1)(F)(iii)). (c) A
DMINISTRATION AND CONSULTATIONS .— (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—Amounts made avail-able in accordance with subsection (a) shall be administered by the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In developing prior-ities and policies for providing grants in ac-cordance with subsection (a), including pri-orities and policies for identification of po-tential grantees, the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom shall consult with other Federal agencies, includ-ing the United States Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom and, as appro-priate, nongovernmental organizations. TITLE V—DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM SEC. 501. DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PAR-TICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Title VI of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6471 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 605 as section 606; and (2) by inserting after section 604 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 605. DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PAR-TICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
‘‘(a) L IST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Ambassador at Large and in consultation with relevant gov-ernment and non-government experts, shall establish and maintain a list of foreign indi-viduals who are sanctioned, through visa de-nials, financial sanctions, or other measures, because they are responsible for ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing particu-larly severe violations of freedom religion. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—The list required under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘Des-ignated Persons List for Particularly Severe Violations of Religious Freedom’. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that contains the list required under subsection (a), including, with respect to each foreign individual on the list— ‘‘(A) the name of the individual and a de-scription of the particularly severe violation of religious freedom committed by the indi-vidual; ‘‘(B) the name of the country or other loca-tion in which such violation took place; and ‘‘(C) a description of the actions taken pur-suant to this Act or any other Act or Execu-tive order in response to such violation; and ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION AND UPDATES .—The Sec- retary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees— ‘‘(A) the initial report required under para-graph (1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section; and ‘‘(B) updates to the report every 180 days thereafter and as new information becomes available. ‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) should be submitted in unclas-sified form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate.’’. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
Title VII of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6481 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 702. VOLUNTARY CODES OF CONDUCT FOR UNITED STATES INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
‘‘(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes the en-during importance of United States institu-tions of higher education worldwide both for their potential for shaping positive leader-ship and new educational models in host countries and for their emphasis on teaching universally recognized rights of free inquiry and academic freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.008 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2403 May 16, 2016 
‘‘(b) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that United States institutions of higher education operating campuses outside the United States or establishing any edu-cational entities with foreign governments, particularly with or in countries the govern-ments of which engage in or tolerate severe violations of religious freedom as identified in the Annual Report, should seek to adopt a voluntary code of conduct for operating in such countries that should— ‘‘(1) uphold the right of freedom of religion of their employees and students, including the right to manifest that religion peace-fully as protected in international law; ‘‘(2) ensure that the religious views and peaceful practice of religion in no way affect, or be allowed to affect, the status of a work-er’s or faculty member’s employment or a student’s enrollment; and ‘‘(3) make every effort in all negotiations, contracts, or memoranda of understanding engaged in or constructed with a foreign gov-ernment to protect academic freedom and the rights enshrined in the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights. 
‘‘SEC. 703. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING NA-TIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY TO PROMOTE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM THROUGH UNITED STATES FOREIGN POLICY. 
‘‘It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) the annual national security strategy report of the President required by section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043) should promote international re-ligious freedom as a foreign policy and na-tional security priority and should articu-late that promotion of the right to freedom of religion is a strategy that protects other, related human rights, and advances democ-racy outside the United States, and make clear its importance to United States foreign policy goals of stability, security, develop-ment, and diplomacy; and ‘‘(2) the national security strategy report should be a guide for the strategies and ac-tivities of relevant Federal agencies and in-form the Department of Defense quadrennial defense review under section 118 of title 10, United States Code, and the Department of State Quadrennial Diplomacy and Develop-ment Review.’’. 
SEC. 602. CLERICAL AMENDMENTS. 
The table of contents of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 note) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 605 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 606. Studies on the effect of expedited removal provisions on asylum claims.’’; (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 604 the following: ‘‘Sec. 605. Designated Persons List for Par-ticularly Severe Violations of Religious Freedom.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Sec. 702. Voluntary codes of conduct for United States institutions of higher education operating out-side the United States. ‘‘Sec. 703. Sense of Congress regarding na-tional security strategy to pro-mote religious freedom through United States foreign policy.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, 18 years after en-actment of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, the right to be-lieve and practice one’s faith remains under threat around the world. The threats come not just from au-thoritarian regimes obsessed with con-trol, such as North Korea, Iran, or Vietnam, which were the focus of that law, but also from lethal terrorist groups. Two months ago this Chamber made history by declaring that the so-called Islamic State, or ISIS, is committing genocide against religious and ethnic minorities. It has committed mass murder, beheadings, rape, torture, slav-ery, and the kidnapping of children, among many other atrocities. ISIS dy-namites churches and flattens ancient monasteries, hoping to erase the very existence of religious groups that dis-agree with their brutal world view. Boko Haram in Nigeria and al Shabaab in East Africa are also respon-sible for their own deadly persecutions, both also linked to ISIS in their sup-port for that terrorist movement. These groups have turned religious intolerance into a murderous force of global instability. The right to believe and practice according to the dictates of conscience is a direct challenge to their ideologies. Thus, religious free-dom is not just a human rights issue; frankly, today, it is a global security issue. However, current law related to religious freedom, which focuses solely on governments of sovereign states, does not address this reality. Based on years of oversight and mul-tiple hearings, H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, updates the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the coordination and effectiveness of U.S. efforts to promote religious lib-erty around the world and also ex-pressly addresses the role of these non- state actors like ISIS. Introduced by Subcommittee Chair-man SMITH and Congresswoman A NNA E
SHOO , the bill was amended and agreed to by the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and has more than 115 bipar-tisan cosponsors. It is fitting that this bill is named in honor of our former colleague from Virginia, Frank Wolf, a tireless advo-cate for human rights and the author of the original International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, which we are amending. By enhancing coordination, con-fronting non-state actors, and improv-ing reporting and training, H.R. 1150 is a helpful refinement of our statutory commitment to combat religious perse-cution around the globe. It deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 13, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 2016. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1150 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1150 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee’s re-port to accompany the legislation, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 12, 2016. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further con-sideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Financial Services, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1150 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, May 13, 2016. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act of 2015. As you know, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.008 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2404 May 16, 2016 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a sec-ondary referral when the bill was introduced on February 27, 2015. I recognize and appre-ciate your desire to bring this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives in an expe-ditious manner, and accordingly, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 1150 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding Sincerely, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 12, 2016. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 1150, the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further con-sideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, or prejudice its jurisdictional preroga-tives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1150 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Let me again thank Chair-man E
DROYCE for bringing this bill forward. I also want to thank my friend, Congressman C
HRIS SMITH of New Jersey, for his leadership and for authorizing this bill. Mr. Speaker, freedom of religion has been a bedrock principle of open and democratic societies for centuries. Some of the first immigrants to settle on American shores sailed here because they were fleeing religious persecution at home. This liberty is enshrined in our own founding documents, in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and in the charters of democ-racies all over the world. The freedom to worship as a person chooses or not to worship at all should be settled business and nobody’s busi-ness but the person themselves. Yet, around the world religious commu-nities endure discrimination, persecu-tion, and violence. It is amazing to me that, when we look at the history of strife and war that has swirled around religious perse-cution, governments continue to deny this freedom to their own people. This assault on religious liberty holds soci-eties back and undercuts progress. It obviously has no place in the 21st cen-tury. So for the United States and other countries that cherish freedom, it is not enough just to guarantee religious liberty to our own people. We need to speak out and act when we see this right under attack around the world. For that matter, we have a responsi-bility to speak out when we see any liberty under attack, whether freedom of the press, the right to organize, or the equality of LGBT persons. Mr. SMITH’s legislation would help ensure that promoting and supporting religious liberty are a component of American foreign policy. It would help ensure that our diplomats around the world understand the importance of this issue and are working to advance this freedom on the front lines. It is worth noting that we should also continue to fully fund the State De-partment’s Human Rights and Democ-racy Fund, which helps address a range of human rights abuses around the world, including threats to our reli-gious freedom. Together with this leg-islation, it sends a clear message to the world that protecting human rights is a priority for the United States. So I support this measure. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I again want to congratulate my friend Mr. S
MITH, who is so strong on issues like this and so forceful in pushing forward all the way until we finally got this on the floor of the House. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions, and the author of the bill. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Chairman R
OYCE , for his leader-ship on this bill, the markup, and for the very timely recommendations he and staff made to improve it. I would like to thank E
LIOT ENGEL  again for working hand in glove in a good, bipartisan effort to protect inter-national religious freedom. As my good friend, Chairman R
OYCE , noted a moment ago, 18 years ago Con-gress had the foresight to pass the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. That landmark bill, authored by Congressman Frank Wolf of Virginia, made advancing the right to religious freedom a significant and profoundly serious U.S. foreign policy priority. Passage of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act was not easy. There were determined opponents in Congress and in the Clinton administration. I know. I chaired the congressional hear-ings and the subcommittee markup. It was no cakewalk. But our opposition was overcome by the courage, tenacity, and vision of Frank Wolf, bolstered by a diverse, bi-partisan, and ecumenical coalition of Members of Congress, ethnic minority and religions groups, and human rights organizations. That coalition has reas-sembled to support this bill today, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act. I want to especially thank ANNA E
SHOO , who is the principal Democratic sponsor of this legislation, for her lead-ership and for working particularly in the Middle East to combat the sav-agery that is being imposed upon peo-ple of minority faiths, including Chris-tians. b1700 I thank her for her leadership and, again, for being the principal Democrat on this bill. Let me just note that naming this bill after Frank Wolf, who I consider to be, and many of us consider to be the William Wilberforce of modern times, is an attempt to recognize his extraor-dinary life’s work promoting human rights, 34 years as a Member of Con-gress, including, and especially, reli-gious freedom. He now serves as the Wilson Chair at Baylor, again, continuing his lifesaving work for religious believers all over the world. He just returned from Nigeria and testified at our hearing last week. He was in the embattled states in north-ern Nigeria, where Boko Haram runs free, massacring people. He was there on a fact-finding mission to promote religious freedom. Mr. Speaker, the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act that is before us is a series of upgrades to meet the challenges of the 21st cen-tury. We know that the world is experi-encing an unprecedented crisis of inter-national religious freedom; a crisis that continues to create millions—no, tens of millions of victims; a crisis that undermines liberty, prosperity, and peace; a crisis that poses a direct chal-lenge to the U.S. interests in the Mid-dle East, Russia, China, Sub-Saharan Africa, and elsewhere in the world. The Pew Research Center notes that over 75 percent of the world’s popu-lation today lives in countries where severe religious freedom abuses occur annually. According to Pew, instances of anti-Semitism are at a 7-year high. It is getting worse everywhere, particu-larly in the Middle East, but also in Europe and in the United States. Mr. Speaker, ancient Christian com-munities in Iraq and Syria are on the verge of extinction, and other religious minorities in the Middle East face a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.013 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2405 May 16, 2016 
constant assault from the Islamic State. Several weeks ago, this Congress passed a resolution, sponsored by J
EFF F
ORTENBERRY , that was followed by a declaration by Secretary of State John Kerry, that said that ISIS has com-mitted, and continues to commit geno-cide, mass atrocities and war crimes against Christians, Yazidis, and other minority faiths. We are on record. We know it is hap-pening. We are speaking out. In a couple of weeks, I am chairing a hearing on what is next; what should we be doing next to combat this ter-rible, terrible crisis. In Nigeria, the Islamist terror group, Boko Haram, is believed to have killed over 6,600 people last year alone, most-ly Christian, but there are Muslims as well who are being targeted. According to the testimony we received last week, since 2009, the number is about 15,000 year to date since 2009. Mr. Speaker, at one of those hearings a few years ago, I had a man named Habila. Habila, I met him at an IDP camp in Jos, Nigeria, where a lot of churches have been firebombed. He told me this story. He was credible, and it checked out. And he came to Congress and testified. Boko Haram put an AK–47—a ter-rorist—to his jaw and said: Renounce Christ or I will kill you. You must be-come a Muslim on the spot. Habila said: I am ready to meet my Lord. And this terrorist pulled the trigger and blew most of his face away. What courage, what faith for a man. And when he told the story, you could have heard a pin drop. Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom just released its 2016 annual report. And let me note, parentheti-cally, USCIRF, or that Commission, was also created by Chairman Wolf as part of IRFA, the original bill. They have found that the abuses committed by governments and non- state actors has ‘‘deteriorated.’’ ‘‘The incarceration of prisoners of con-science’’—they point out—‘‘remains as-tonishingly widespread . . .’’ They point out that ‘‘Over the past year, the Chinese government’’—as just one of many examples—‘‘has stepped up its persecution of religious groups’’—across the board: Tibetans, Uighurs, Muslim Uighurs, Christians, and, of course, the Falun Gong. I spoke in mid-February at NYU, I gave a keynote there in Shanghai, and talked about how Xi Jinping, the Presi-dent of China, is in a race to the bot-tom with North Korea to make religion absolutely subservient to the Com-munist Party. He calls it the sinification of religion; and what was already a bad situation has now be-come demonstrably worse. The Frank R. Wolf International Re-ligious Freedom Act will upgrade the tools so that this administration, and subsequent ones, can do an even better job to try to mitigate and, hopefully, end religious persecution. It does this by, one, requiring that international religious freedom policies be integrated into national security, immigration, rule of law, and other relevant U.S. for-eign policies. It creates a Designated Persons List of individuals sanctioned for partici-pating in or directing religious freedom abuses. It expands diplomatic training on international religious freedoms for all State Department diplomats; creates a tier system for IRFA, for the reports, not just countries of particular con-cern, of which there are currently 10, but also those that are on a watch list, those that are bad and, perhaps, get-ting worse. It gives the President authority to designate non-state actors in addition to countries; and it also requires the Ambassador at Large to report directly to the Secretary of State. It also is increasingly clear that reli-gious freedom diplomacy is really needed to advance U.S. interests around the world. This will do it. The legislation is backed by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the International Religious Freedom Roundtable, a diverse and ecumenical group of individuals from the faith community. Finally, just let me thank Scott Flipse, who worked for Frank Wolf pre-viously, then he worked for the Inter-national Religious Freedom Office at the State Department, and now is working at the China Commission; our General Counsel, Piero Tozzi; Janice Kaguyutan, I thank her for her work on this; and Sajit Gandhi. This is a true, bipartisan piece of legislation and, hopefully, the Senate will favor-ably receive it. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Again, Mr. Speaker, in closing, we focus on human rights as part of our foreign policy because it is the right thing to do. The United States is founded on the idea that an individual should be able to live according to his or her own beliefs. That is a value we want to see thriving around the world. Advancing human rights is also the smart thing to do. Countries with a strong respect for human rights are countries that prosper and play a con-structive role on the global stage. I want to again say to my friend, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), when he comes for advancing human rights, he takes a second seat to nobody. He is indefatigable when it comes to these things. In all the years I have known him, he has always been fair and honest. I really sincerely com-mend him, and know how heartfelt it is and how much we appreciate his hard work. When we see governments stifling re-ligious freedom, or any freedom, we have a responsibility to speak out and make it clear that the United States remains a champion for these basic lib-erties. This bill helps us to live up to that responsibility, and I am proud to support it. I thank Chairman ROYCE and Mr. S
MITH. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), our esteemed colleague, who ably represents the dis-trict formerly served by Frank Wolf, who is honored in the title of this bill. Representative B
ARBARA COMSTOCK is a coauthor of this bill with Mr. S
MITH, and I thank them both. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, ask human rights and religious freedom advocates to name their most steadfast friend who has served on Capitol Hill over the years, and Representative Frank Wolf, my predecessor, is always on the short list, as are my colleagues here today. So I am honored today to stand in support of a bill I proudly cosponsored, the Frank R. Wolf International Reli-gious Freedom Act, named after the distinguished gentleman who served in this seat for the 10th District of Vir-ginia, and as the co-chair of the Con-gressional Human Rights Caucus, and a man whose deep faith and commitment to human rights and religion freedom were a large part of why he was known for years here and around the country, and even around the world, as the con-science of the Congress. He wrote a book, a powerful book, ti-tled a ‘‘Prisoner of Conscience,’’ about his many trips over the years and how he fought for religious freedom; and I hope he doesn’t mind if I recommend that book to our listeners here. We continue to be blessed with Con-gressman Wolf’s passionate leadership as he leads the 21st Century Wilber-force Initiative to create a world where religious freedom is recognized by na-tions across the globe as a fundamental human right. Since leaving Congress, Mr. Wolf has continued to travel to the front lines to see, firsthand, the plight of ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria, including Christians, Yazidis, Kurds, and other minority religious groups. As previously mentioned, he has just returned from Nigeria. He continues to shine a light every day on the dark places where men and women and chil-dren, even, of faith are victimized, tor-tured and, tragically, even killed for their faith. He will not let the world look away, and we thank him for his continued work and his strong and much-needed voice. Now this legislation amends his own legislation to continue that mission that Mr. Wolf so valiantly fought for for 3 decades here in Congress. It will improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally, with stronger and more flexi-ble political responses to a disturbing and growing denial of basic religious freedoms around the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.022 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2406 May 16, 2016 
As has been said by many, Frank Wolf is the William Wilberforce of our day. He is, and has always been, a voice for the voiceless. He once said: ‘‘Most would agree that conscience rights fig-ure prominently in the narrative of America’s founding. Historically, Americans and our corresponding insti-tutions have recognized that con-science is not ultimately allegiant to the state, but to something, and for many people, Someone, higher.’’ I appreciate the opportunity today to continue that legacy with the passing of this important legislation which will continue his important and vital mis-sion and legacy; and that is needed now, more than ever, for so many of the reasons that my colleagues here have highlighted. I thank the gentleman so much for the privilege of addressing and cospon-soring this legislation. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues for their contributions to this bill and to today’s debate, especially Mr. S
MITH, Congresswoman B ARBARA  C
OMSTOCK and Mr. E NGEL . The right to believe and practice one’s religion according to the dictates of conscience is often called the first freedom. It is one of the founding ideas of our Nation, but we do not believe that it is only an American value. Rather, this is what we believe here. We believe it flows from the inherent dignity of every human person, and it deserves protection everywhere. In today’s world, those who are most violently opposed to religious freedom also pose the biggest threat to our Na-tion. They also pose the biggest threat to civilization worldwide. Thus, the promotion of religious lib-erty is not some isolated human rights concern. No. It is a key component of our national security. And this bill, now authored by Mr. S
MITH, H.R. 1150, contains important updates to the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 that will enhance the effectiveness of the United States’ efforts to pro-mote that liberty around the world, so it deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1150, amending the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act. I support this measure because the right to freedom of religion has been a cornerstone of the American conscience. Many of our country’s first leaders fled reli-gious persecution abroad and went on to es-tablish laws protecting religious freedom. This core belief of our great nation does not stop at our national borders; we offer refuge to those suffering from religious persecution throughout the world. A testament to this commitment was the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 which was a landmark piece of legislation seeking to make religious freedom a higher priority in U.S. Foreign policy. The Act was approved by Congress unani-mously in 1998 and signed into law by Presi-dent Clinton. The Act condemns violations of religious freedom and promotes and assists other gov-ernments in the promotion of the fundamental right to freedom of religion. While strides have been made in estab-lishing worldwide practice of freedom of reli-gion, it is currently under attack. Let me also note that people are being prosecuted under blasphemy laws for freedom of expression, which is why I introduced the bipartisan measure H. Res. 290, calling for the global repeal of blasphemy laws. I support H.R. 1150 because we must con-tinue to work to preserve religious freedoms as well as making sure that religion is not a pretext for prosecution or persecution in the world. Indeed, one of the key amendments to IRFA would be to relocate the Office of International Religious Freedom within the Office of the Secretary of State. This action would allow for greater coordina-tion of strategic focus and the minimization of duplicated efforts, streamline mandates, and centralize efforts to engage religious commu-nities and promote human rights more gen-erally in regards to religious freedom. Currently, the office is headed by the Am-bassador at-Large for International Religious Freedom which monitors religious persecution and discrimination worldwide to develop policy recommendations, programs, and awareness. Besides being placed in the Secretary of State’s office, the Ambassador at large would be able to make every effort to collaborate and coordinate across all U.S. agencies and departments to formulate strategic religious freedom policies, programs, and activities. These two changes will provide a greater ability for us to advance religious freedom throughout the world. H.R. 1150 will also allow us to assist emerg-ing democracies to implement freedom of reli-gion while also helping older partners maintain their freedom of religion practices and con-science. H.R. 1150 calls to ensure that our diplomats and foreign policy experts are well versed in the importance of religious freedom and how to address atrocities related to religion. H.R. 1150 also addresses how to improve our ability to promote freedom of religion by enhancing the capabilities and knowledge of our diplomats. Our Foreign Service Officers (FSO) are on the front lines everyday carrying out American foreign policy while also shaping it, which makes sure that they are adequately trained on religious freedom. H.R. 1150 directs the Secretary to develop mandatory religious freedom training for all Foreign Service Officers. This major change will enhance FSO capa-bilities to identify severe persecutors to help assemble the Ambassador’s Annual Report on International Religious Freedom. In addition to the Annual Report, H.R. 1150 calls for an updated lists of persons that are currently being persecuted and forced to re-nounce their faith. This is essential in bringing awareness to countries that need to be monitored or that have non-state actors that have high levels of detainment, disappearance, torture, or murder based on someone’s religion. Another key aspect of H.R. 1150 is to en-hance engagement and coordination with the executive branch on issues pertaining to inter-national religious freedom policies and global religion engagement strategies. This would be achieved through amendment of The National Security Act of 1947, calling for the appointment of a Special Adviser for Global Religious Engagement and establishing the Interagency Policy Committee on Religious Freedom and Engagement. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support adequate funding in order to enable rapid and decisive efforts of supporting democracy and preservation of human rights. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1150, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1715 REQUIRING COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL TO ASSESS OPTIONS FOR DISPOSITION OF PLUM ISLAND ANIMAL DISEASE CENTER IN PLUM ISLAND, NEW YORK Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1887) to amend certain appro-priation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1887 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Federal Government has owned Plum Island, New York, since 1899. (2) Since 1954, the Plum Island Animal Dis-ease Center has conducted unrivaled sci-entific research on a variety of infectious animal-borne diseases, including foot-and- mouth disease, resulting, most recently, in the development of a new cell line that rap-idly and reliably detects this highly debili-tating disease of livestock. (3) Over 62 years, the Center has had a strong, proven record of safety. (4) $23,200,000 in Federal dollars have been spent on upgrades to, and the maintenance of, the Center since January 2012. (5) In addition to the Center, Plum Island contains cultural, historical, ecological, and natural resources of regional and national significance. (6) Plum Island is situated where the Long Island Sound and Peconic Bay meet, both of which are estuaries that are part of the Na-tional Estuary Program and are environ-mentally and economically significant to the region. (7) The Federal Government has invested hundreds of millions of Federal dollars over the last two decades to make long-term im-provements with respect to the conservation and management needs of Long Island Sound and Peconic Bay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.023 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2407 May 16, 2016 
(8) The Department of Homeland Security has undertaken a study to consider alter-natives for the final disposition of Plum Is-land, including an analysis of— (A) conservation of the island’s resources; (B) any remediation responsibilities; (C) the need for any legislative changes; (D) cost; and (E) any revenues from the alternatives. 
SEC. 2. REPORT REQUIRED ON STUDY BY DE-PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY ON CLEAN UP AND ALTER-NATIVE USES OF PLUM ISLAND. 
(a) A SSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GEN-
ERAL .— (1) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment of the study by the Department of Homeland Security on the op-tions for the disposition of Plum Island re-ferred to in section 1(8). Such assessment shall include a determination of whether the methodologies used by the Department in conducting such study adequately support the Department’s findings with respect to the following: (A) The possible alternative uses for Plum Island, including the transfer of ownership to another Federal agency, a State or local gov-ernment, a nonprofit organization, or a com-bination thereof for the purpose of edu-cation, research, or conservation. (B) The possible issues and implications, if any, of pursuing such alternative uses for Plum Island. (C) The potential cost to be incurred for expenses related to the transition, cleanup, and hazard mitigation of Plum Island by a recipient of such property. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Department of Homeland Security completes the study referred to in section 1(8), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report containing the following: (A) The results of the assessment described under paragraph (1). (B) A description of the Secretary of Home-land Security’s coordination with the Ad-ministrator of General Services, the Sec-retary of the Interior, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency in conducting the Department of Homeland Se-curity study referred to in section 1(8). (b) S
TUDY BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— (1) S
TUDY REQUIRED .—If the Comptroller General of the United States determines that the methodologies referred to in subsection (a)(1) do not adequately support the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s findings re-lated to an issue described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of such subsection, the Comptroller General shall conduct a study on any such issue. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—If the Comptroller General of the United States conducts a study under paragraph (1), not later than one year after the date on which the Department of Homeland Security completes the study referred to in section 1(8), the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study con-ducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 3. SUSPENSION OF ACTION. 
No action may be taken to carry out sec-tion 538 of title V of division D of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74; 125 Stat. 976) until at least 180 days after the reports required by subsection (a)(2) of section 2 and, if applicable, sub-section (b)(2) of such section have been sub-mitted to Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, after my remarks, I will include an exchange of letters between the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security regarding H.R. 1887. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1887, which suspends an appro-priations provision in order to ensure that all necessary information is acces-sible before deciding how to move for-ward with Plum Island Animal Disease Center. Since 1954, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Science and Tech-nology Directorate’s Plum Island Ani-mal Disease Center has served the Na-tion in defending against accidental or intentional introduction of foreign ani-mal diseases. In 2005, DHS announced that Plum Island would be moved to a new Federal facility in Kansas. While DHS will eventually move the research conducted, Plum Island will continue to operate until the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility is fully oper-ational and a complete transition has been made in 2022 or 2023. The gentleman from New York, Rep-resentative Z
ELDIN , my friend, intro-duced H.R. 1887 with strong bipartisan support from the entire Long Island and Connecticut delegations in both the House and the Senate to stop the sale of Plum Island. DHS recently undertook a study on alternatives for the disposition of Plum Island. As amended, H.R. 1887 suspends the sale of Plum Island until a thor-ough review of the analysis of alter-natives is conducted by DHS and GAO. The bill before us today requires GAO to review the DHS study and report to Congress on whether the methodologies DHS uses adequately support the De-partment’s findings. If those meth-odologies are found lacking, GAO must study possible alternative uses for Plum Island and possible costs associ-ated for the transition and cleanup of the island. H.R. 1887 delays the sale of Plum Is-land until GAO reports its findings to Congress, allowing for a complete un-derstanding of possible options for Plum Island once the Animal Disease Center functions are transitioned. This bill ensures consideration of all options for the disposition of the island. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May, 12, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 1887, a bill to amend certain ap-propriation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Serv-ices to sell federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York.’’ This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 1887, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, May 16, 2016. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1887. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives, and ac-cordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any juris-diction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1887 and yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, since 1954, the Plum Is-land Animal Disease Center in New York’s Long Island Sound has served as the primary laboratory in the United States responsible for research on for-eign animal diseases of livestock, such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.012 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2408 May 16, 2016 
as foot-and-mouth disease and other animal diseases that could be acciden-tally or deliberately introduced into the United States. At Plum Island, the Department of Homeland Security works with the Ag-ricultural Research Service and Ani-mal and Plant Health Inspection Serv-ice within the U.S. Department of Ag-riculture to research and develop new vaccines and diagnostic tests to re-spond to animal disease outbreaks. On September 11, 2005, DHS an-nounced plans to develop the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, or NBAF, as a state-of-the-art biocontain-ment laboratory to replace the Plum Island facility, an aging facility near-ing the end of its lifecycle. After under-taking a multiyear site selection proc-ess, DHS selected a site in Manhattan, Kansas, for the NBAF. It is slated to begin operations in 2022. This brings us to H.R. 1887. The focus of this bill is to deal with the question of what to do with Plum Island once DHS no longer needs it. DHS is cur-rently studying the range of options for disposition of the property, includ-ing transferring it to another Federal agency, a State or local government, or a nonprofit organization for the pur-poses of education, research, or con-servation. In doing so, DHS is expected to assess the full implications of each option, including cost, cleanup, and hazard mitigation. H.R. 1887 requires the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, to as-sess whether DHS’ forthcoming study is adequate to support its findings. In the event that the study is lacking in a key area, GAO would be required to conduct its own study on that issue or issues. Importantly, H.R. 1887 prohibits the sale of Plum Island operations until at least 180 days after the re-quired reports in the bill have been submitted to Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), my distin-guished colleague. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and Mr. T HOMPSON as well for both speaking in favor of this legis-lation, H.R. 1887. Plum Island is not for sale. The whole purpose of this legislation is to prevent the sale of Plum Island by the Federal Government to the highest bid-der. Situated at the gateway of the Long Island Sound, Plum Island is treasured by my local community. As a critical resource for research, approximately 90 percent of the land on Plum Island has been sheltered from development, of-fering Long Island a diverse wildlife and ecosystem and a critical habitat for migratory birds, marine mammals, and rare plants. With recorded history dating back to the 1700s, Plum Island is also an essen-tial cultural and historical resource as well. Since World War II, Plum Island has been utilized as a research labora-tory. The facility, which has been under Federal jurisdiction since 1899, has since grown to become what is known today as the Plum Island Ani-mal Disease Center. In 2005, the Department of Homeland Security, which currently has jurisdic-tion over the island, announced that the Animal Disease Center research would be moved to a new Federal facil-ity: the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility in Kansas. To offset the cost of the relocation, a law was enacted that called for the pri-vate sale of Plum Island to the highest bidder. However, due to costs associ-ated with the cleanup and closure of Plum Island and because of local zon-ing restrictions, the Federal Govern-ment would receive little compensa-tion for the sale of Plum Island. Allow-ing for continued research, public ac-cess, and permanent preservation of the island, H.R. 1887 will reverse a 2008 law that mandated the sale of Plum Is-land. The bill, as amended, will commis-sion the Government Accountability Office, in consultation with the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, which cur-rently owns the island, to formulate a comprehensive plan for the future of the island. This plan will include pos-sible alternative uses, which can in-clude transfer of ownership to another Federal agency, the State or local gov-ernment, nonprofit, or combination thereof, for the purpose of education, research, and conservation. Just less than 3 weeks ago, on April 28, 2016, H.R. 1887 was marked up with an amendment and passed out of the House Homeland Security Committee with unanimous bipartisan support. Currently, 24 Republicans and Demo-crats in this Chamber have signed on as cosponsors of this bill. I see the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) is here. He has long been championing this issue since be-fore I got here. I would especially like to thank House Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCAR-
THY and House Homeland Security Committee Chairman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL for both taking such a direct, personal interest in helping with this effort in the House. Their leadership is very much appreciated. I would also like to thank all the lo-cally elected officials, groups, and con-cerned residents on Long Island and elsewhere who have moved heaven and Earth to raise awareness of this cause and help recruit cosponsors. I encourage all my colleagues to vote in support of this critical bill. Hope-fully, the Senate also passes this long- awaited legislation in earnest so that the President can sign this proposal into law this year. I have had the opportunity to visit Plum Island. It is a place where you feel as if you are thousands of miles away from Long Island. You have the history of Fort Terry, the coastline, the dunes, the waterways, the water hitting the rocks, and the seals. You literally feel as if you are nowhere near the Northeastern United States. It is a treasure, and it is one that should be protected. Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful for this Chamber’s considering this legisla-tion and hopefully passing it unani-mously. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT -
NEY). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to, first of all, thank Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi for his interest and support in this measure, even though he hails from a part of the country which is far away from the Long Island Sound. But, again, going back to his days on the Agriculture Committee, he clearly knows the forensics of this legislation, and, again, his interest and support is much appreciated. I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) for bringing this bill up today. Again, Long Island Sound, maybe, is not right on your radar screen, but as Congressman Z
ELDIN said, it is an in-credibly special place, a tidal estuary which separates Connecticut from New York, and it is within the New York territory. Frankly, it is a very small, densely populated area, and the inter-est level on both sides of the Long Is-land Sound in terms of passage of this legislation is off the charts. I again want to thank Mr. Z
ELDIN for his efforts. Again, this measure started in 2013 in response to the GAO report that basi-cally signaled that the sale of this is-land was on the fast track, and it real-ly took persistence up until today’s vote on the floor to make sure that we stop that process, as Mr. Z
ELDIN indi-cated, and send the message that Plum Island is not for sale. Again, because of its unique history, the activity that took place there with the Animal Disease Center made it un-suitable for residential development and commercial development, but sort of the outcome of that is that this in-credibly rich diversity of biology has sprung up there. Like the gentleman from Long Is-land, I have had the opportunity to visit there, and it is as if you were in a different world. That is something that we can never take for granted, particularly in a part of the country where, again, there are tremendous amounts of sea traffic, maritime activ-ity, and economic activity. To try and, again, basically preserve this 840-acre parcel with its incredible richness is something that really will live on for generations and, really, I think, will make the 114th Congress memorable, certainly in terms of that region, for many years to come. Again, like the gentleman from New York, I want to say that the external pressure which was brought to bear by municipal officials and by folks from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.027 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2409 May 16, 2016 
Save the Sound—that is an umbrella group on both sides of the Long Island Sound—and the Connecticut Fund for the Environment, again, is what really kept the interest level and the pressure on both delegations to make sure that this didn’t get lost in the process and allow that mandated sale to move for-ward. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge passage of this bill, and, again, with the gen-tleman from New York, am determined to make sure that this moves as quick-ly as possible through the Upper Cham-ber and is signed into law by President Obama, sending a message to all the in-dividuals and groups that are so inter-ested in preserving Plum Island that, in fact, we, again, have taken it off this sort of conveyor belt and we are going to make sure that it gets the careful treatment that it deserves. At the end of the day, it is going to basically pre-serve this for generations to come. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1887 has broad bi-partisan support. It will ensure that, before DHS disposes of Plum Island, there is a thorough vetting of all the options. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support Mr. Z
ELDIN ’s bill, H.R. 1887. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1887, repeals the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that sup-port the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York, and for other purposes. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security I support this bill because the safety record of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center is unparalleled. The Plum Island Animal Disease Center is a United States federal research facility dedi-cated to the study of animal diseases. It is part of the DHS Directorate for Science and Technology. Since 1954, the center has had the goal of protecting America’s livestock from animal dis-eases Throughout the history of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center, there have been no accidental releases of infected animals to the mainland. The Animal Disease Center on Plum Island has conducted first rate scientific research on a variety of infectious animal-borne diseases, including foot-and-mouth disease, resulting most recently, in the development of a new cell line that rapidly and reliably detects this highly debilitating disease of livestock Mr. Speaker, in addition to the Animal Dis-ease Center Plum Island contains cultural, his-torical, ecological, and natural resources of re-gional and national significance. Importantly, the Federal Government has in-vested hundreds of millions of tax payer dol-lars over the last two decades to make long- term improvements with respect to the con-servation and management needs of Long Is-land Sound and Peconic Bay. Mr. Speaker, preserving historical and geo-graphical entities play a pivotal role in main-taining homeland security and the sustain-ability of our ecosystem and health of our community. I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 1887. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1887, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the Comptroller General of the United States to assess a study on the alter-natives for the disposition of Plum Is-land Animal Disease Center, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PRE-PAREDNESS CONSORTIUM ACT OF 2016 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4743) to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to estab-lish a National Cybersecurity Pre-paredness Consortium, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4743 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Cy-bersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PREPARED-NESS CONSORTIUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may work with a consortium, including the National Cybersecurity Pre-paredness Consortium, to support efforts to address cybersecurity risks and incidents (as such terms are defined in section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148)), including threats of terrorism and acts of terrorism. (b) A
SSISTANCE TO THE NCCIC.—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security may work with a consortium to assist the national cyberse-curity and communications integration cen-ter of the Department of Homeland Security (established pursuant to section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002) to— (1) provide training to State and local first responders and officials specifically for pre-paring for and responding to cybersecurity risks and incidents, including threats of ter-rorism and acts of terrorism, in accordance with current law; (2) develop and update a curriculum uti-lizing existing programs and models in ac-cordance with such section 227, for State and local first responders and officials, related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, including threats of terrorism and acts of terrorism; (3) provide technical assistance services to build and sustain capabilities in support of preparedness for and response to cybersecu-rity risks and incidents, including threats of terrorism and acts of terrorism, in accord-ance with such section 227; (4) conduct cross-sector cybersecurity training and simulation exercises for enti-ties, including State and local governments, critical infrastructure owners and operators, and private industry, to encourage commu-nity-wide coordination in defending against and responding to cybersecurity risks and in-cidents, including threats of terrorism and acts of terrorism, in accordance with sub-section (c) of section 228 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149); (5) help States and communities develop cybersecurity information sharing programs, in accordance with section 227 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, for the dissemina-tion of homeland security information re-lated to cybersecurity risks and incidents, including threats of terrorism and acts of terrorism; and (6) help incorporate cybersecurity risk and incident prevention and response (including related to threats of terrorism and acts of terrorism) into existing State and local emergency plans, including continuity of op-erations plans. (c) PROHIBITION ON DUPLICATION .—In car- rying out the functions under subsection (b), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, to the greatest extent practicable, seek to pre-vent unnecessary duplication of existing pro-grams or efforts of the Department of Home-land Security. (d) C
ONSIDERATIONS REGARDING SELECTION  
OF A CONSORTIUM .—In selecting a consortium with which to work under this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall take into consideration the following: (1) Any prior experience conducting cyber-security training and exercises for State and local entities. (2) Geographic diversity of the members of any such consortium so as to cover different regions across the United States. (e) M
ETRICS .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security works with a consortium pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall meas-ure the effectiveness of the activities under-taken by such consortium under this Act. (f) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall conduct outreach to univer-sities and colleges, including historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanic- serving institutions, Tribal Colleges and Uni-versities, and other minority-serving institu-tions, regarding opportunities to support ef-forts to address cybersecurity risks and inci-dents, including threats of terrorism and acts of terrorism, by working with the Sec-retary pursuant to subsection (a). (g) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to carry out this Act shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (h) C
ONSORTIUM DEFINED .—In this Act, the term ‘‘consortium’’ means a group primarily composed of non-profit entities, including academic institutions, that develop, update, and deliver cybersecurity training in support of homeland security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.028 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2410 May 16, 2016 
revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4743. The National Cybersecurity Pre-paredness Consortium Act of 2016 al-lows the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to work with a consortium, including the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, to support efforts to address cybersecurity risks and incidents. This bill allows DHS to engage with a consortium to assist the National Cy-bersecurity and Communications Inte-gration Center, or NCCIC, in providing training to State and local first re-sponders in preparing for and respond-ing to cybersecurity risks and inci-dents. An example of a consortium DHS may work with under this bill is the National Cybersecurity Prepared-ness Consortium, or NCPC. The NCPC provides State and local communities with the tools they need to prevent, detect, respond to, and re-cover from cyber attacks. The consor-tium also evaluates communities’ cy-bersecurity posture and provides them with a roadmap to correct deficiencies in the security of their information systems. Based out of the University of Texas at San Antonio’s Center for Infrastruc-ture Assurance and Security, the NCPC membership includes the University of Arkansas, the University of Memphis, Norwich University, and Texas A&M Engineering Extension Service. DHS is responsible for carrying out significant aspects of the Federal Gov-ernment’s cybersecurity mission. The Cybersecurity Act, which was recently signed into law, allows DHS to actively share cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures with the private sec-tor by affording liability protections. DHS’s National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center is responsible for facilitating cross-sector coordination to address cybersecurity risks and incidents. H.R. 4743 allows DHS to work with any consortium, including the NCPC, in a number of activities, including providing technical assistance, con-ducting cross-sector cybersecurity training and simulation exercises, and helping States and local communities to develop cybersecurity information sharing programs. Allowing DHS to work with organizations already sup-porting State and local cyber prepared-ness and response will provide addi-tional support to State and local enti-ties. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4743, the Na-tional Cybersecurity Preparedness Con-sortium Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4743 allows the De-partment of Homeland Security to uti-lize university-based consortia to help provide cybersecurity training and sup-port to State, local, and tribal leaders, including first responders. There is strong bipartisan support for this legislation, as introduced by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). H.R. 4743 authorizes DHS to use con-sortia to provide State and local gov-ernments with university-developed cyber training and technical assist-ance, including for the development of cyber information sharing that juris-dictions in need can use. Recent studies reveal that organiza-tions at the State and local level de-scribe their cybersecurity programs as being in the early and middle stages of maturity, and 86 percent of State and local respondents identified managing cybersecurity risk as one of their most stressful jobs. By partnering with consortia, DHS can make a meaningful impact on rais-ing the levels of cybersecurity on the State, local, and tribal levels. Importantly, H.R. 4743 requires DHS, when selecting a consortium for par-ticipation in its cyber efforts, to not only take into account the prior expe-rience of the institutions that would be conducting cybersecurity training ex-ercises, but also the geographic diver-sity of the institutions participating in the consortium. The inclusion of geo-graphic diversity should help reach more States and localities. Moreover, I am pleased that the bill requires DHS to do outreach to col-leges and universities, including His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities, Hispanic-serving institutions, and other minority-serving institu-tions about opportunities to provide re-search-based cybersecurity-related training exercises and technical assist-ance. Mr. Speaker, States and localities need the ability to prevent, detect, re-spond to, and recover from cyber events as they would have any other disaster or emergency situation. For this reason, I support H.R. 4743 and urge passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), my distinguished friend and colleague. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue and for yielding me some time. I would like to also thank the rank-ing member and my colleague from San Antonio on this piece of legislation that is so important to our hometown. It is no secret that cyber attacks are on the rise, and the unfortunate reality is that everyone is vulnerable. The costs of protecting your network and properly training communities on best practices in a digital world can be bur-densome. As we all know, State and local com-munities, in many instances, do not possess the same digital resources as the Federal Government. States and communities need the ability to de-tect, respond to, and recover from cyber events just as they would any other disaster or emergency situation. That is why I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 4743, which will allow DHS to coordinate with a handful of universities that have been leading the way in cyber preparedness. One of these universities, the Univer-sity of Texas at San Antonio, is located in my hometown and serves many of my constituents. Another leader in this field is none other than my alma mater, Texas A&M University. Building upon their great work and the breakthroughs of others across the country will be crucial to protecting our digital infrastructure at all levels. This will help us ensure that our first responders and government entities are adequately prepared for a significant cyber event. I thank my colleague from Texas for his attention to this issue. I fully sup-port H.R. 4743, the National Cybersecu-rity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), the author of this bill. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for yielding me this time and for his sup-port of this legislation. He and his staff have been terrific partners in moving this bill forward. I would also like to thank my fellow Texans, Chairman M
CCAUL, Congress-man H
URD, Congressman R ATCLIFFE , and also Congressman R
ICHMOND , who is not a Texan, but is a wonderful per-son here in our body, for all of their work on this issue. Every day our Nation faces a growing number of potentially debilitating cyber threats. Our retailers, our banks, government agencies, military oper-ations, and everyday private American citizens all face these threats. We must ensure that our defenses are as strong as possible because of that. I represent San Antonio, a national leader in the cybersecurity field. Insti-tutions in San Antonio do cutting-edge cyber work that keeps our Nation safe. For example, the University of Texas at San Antonio leads the National Cy-bersecurity Preparedness Consortium, which helps communities across the Nation improve their cyber defenses. It is critical that localities under-stand the impact cyber attacks could have on their ability to function and are prepared to prevent, detect, re-spond to, and recover from harmful cyber incidents. UTSA and its cybersecurity consor-tium are educating communities about these cyber threats and helping them develop the defenses they need to suc-cessfully withstand a cyber emergency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.031 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2411 May 16, 2016 
This legislation allows consortiums like UTSAs to work more closely with DHS to address cybersecurity risks and incidents at the State and local level. This collaboration will bolster our cyber preparedness and keep us one step ahead of cyber attackers. Mr. Speaker, again I would like to thank the Homeland Security Commit-tee’s leadership for their partnership on this legislation and also all of the staff, both Republican and Democratic, who helped bring this to the floor. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the inspiration for this bill was important work being done by the National Cybersecurity Prepared-ness Consortium, a group of five uni-versities led by the University of Texas at San Antonio that has helped to raise cyber preparedness at the State and local level by evaluating communities, cybersecurity postures, and providing them with a roadmap to correct defi-ciencies. While this consortium is making an important contribution to cybersecu-rity, there is an enormous need for training and technical assistance around the Nation. With the enactment of H.R. 4743, more institutions will be able to partner with DHS to provide such critical assistance. As such, I urge passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4743. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4743, the National Cybersecurity Pre-paredness Consortium Act of 2016. This bill allows the Department of Homeland Security to work with a cybersecurity consor-tium to carry out training, technical assistance and simulation exercises for State and local officials, critical infrastructure owners and op-erators and private industry. The National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, based at the University of Texas San Antonio’s Center for Infrastructure Assur-ance and Security, provides research-based cybersecurity-related training and exercises to increase cybersecurity preparedness across the nation. Other members of the Consortium include the Texas Engineering Extension Service in the Texas A&M University system, the Univer-sity of Memphis, the University of Arkansas System, and Norwich University. Last December, I helped usher through the landmark Cybersecurity Act of 2015. That leg-islation helps protect our nation’s private sec-tor and federal networks which are under con-tinuous threat from foreign hackers and cyber terrorists. H.R. 4743 will be a value add in bet-ter securing the Nation’s overall cybersecurity preparedness. Locally, first responders and government of-ficials as well as critical infrastructure owners and operators and private industry are bombarded with cybersecurity threats in the same way as at the federal level. Helping organizations working to incorporate cybersecurity risk and incident prevention and response into State and local emergency plans is just one of the elements this bill en-courages. Allowing DHS to work with organizations like the Consortium, will ensure more tools are available back at home for those working to prepare for and combat cyber attacks on a regular basis. I support this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4743, the National Cy-bersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016, because it will establish an important re-source to ensure that private sector entities are better prepared to protect against cyber threats. As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security, I am well aware of the threats posed by cybersecurity vulnerabilities, and this bill takes an essential step to strengthen domestic cybersecurity. H.R. 4743 establishes a National Cyberse-curity Preparedness Consortium to engage academic, nonprofit, private industry, and fed-eral, state, and local government partners to address cybersecurity risks and incidents, in-cluding threats or acts of terrorism. The Consortium may provide training to State and local first responders and officials to equip them with the tools and skills needed to prepare for and respond to cybersecurity risks and incidents, including threats and acts of terrorism, in accordance with current law. I thank both Chairman MCCAULand Rank-ing Member T
HOMPSON for the bipartisan work done to bring the bill before the House for Consideration. I am pleased that during the Committee markup of H.R. 4743, two important Jackson Lee Amendments were adopted. The first Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 4743 establishes metrics as a measure of the effectiveness of the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium program. Having the information provided by my amendment to H.R. 4743, will allow the Con-gressional oversight committees to better plan future programs around cybersecurity collabo-rations that are intended to share knowledge on best practices in securing computer net-works from attack. The second Jackson Lee Amendment added an additional objective of the bill, a di-rective that should help participants prepare to address continuity of operations. This amendment provides a focus for the Consortium’s work on the issue of continuity of operation, which addresses whether an entity can survive a cyber-attack, continue to provide information or services during an attack; or the likelihood that the time to recovery from a suc-cessful cyberattack or threat is predictable and reasonable. Just as the attacks on the morning of Sep-tember 11, 2001 came without notice so may a major cyber-attack. In March, of this year, U.S. Attorney Gen-eral Lynch announced ‘‘wanted’’ notices for a group of Iranian hackers the United States be-lieves are behind a 2013 computer intrusion of a small New York dam and a series of cyberattacks on dozens of U.S. banks. There are many companies offering con-tinuity of operations services to companies large and small with the intent that they will be there to support their clients in the event of a cyber incident. The work of the Consortium should go be-yond planning to the answering questions re-garding the operationalization of plans in the event of an attack or cyber incident. We know that planning is crucial, but we must encourage cybersecurity planning to go beyond the planning process to understand the capacity of an entity’s continuity of oper-ations plans by looking at continuity of oper-ations of service providers should an incident impact an area or industry. I support H.R. 4743, because it provides this assurance by providing critical cybersecu-rity collaboration among experts and industries that are essential to critical infrastructure oper-ations or have a significant economic pres-ence in our nation’s economy that a cyber-at-tack would have broad repercussions. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4743. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4743, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY STRATEGY FOR INTER-NATIONAL PROGRAMS ACT Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4780) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a comprehensive strategy for Depart-ment of Homeland Security operations abroad, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4780 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Strategy for Inter-national Programs Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY FOR INTER-NATIONAL PROGRAMS FOR VETTING AND SCREENING PERSONS SEEKING TO ENTER THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a com-prehensive three-year strategy for inter-national programs of the Department of Homeland Security in which personnel and resources of the Department are deployed abroad for vetting and screening of persons seeking to enter the United States. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.032 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2412 May 16, 2016 
(1) Specific Department of Homeland Secu-rity risk-based goals for international pro-grams of the Department in which personnel and resources of the Department are de-ployed abroad for vetting and screening of persons seeking to enter the United States. (2) A risk-based method for determining whether to establish new international pro-grams in new locations, given resource con-straints, or expand existing international programs of the Department, in which per-sonnel and resources of the Department are deployed abroad for vetting and screening of persons seeking to enter the United States. (3) Alignment with the highest Depart-ment-wide and Government-wide strategic priorities of resource allocations on inter-national programs of the Department in which personnel and resources of the Depart-ment are deployed abroad for vetting and screening of persons seeking to enter the United States. (4) A common reporting framework for the submission of reliable, comparable cost data by components of the Department on over-seas expenditures attributable to inter-national programs of the Department in which personnel and resources of the Depart-ment are deployed abroad for vetting and screening of persons seeking to enter the United States. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the strategy required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall con-sider, at a minimum, the following: (1) Information on existing operations of international programs of the Department of Homeland Security in which personnel and resources of the Department are deployed abroad for vetting and screening of persons seeking to enter the United States that in-cludes corresponding information for each location in which each such program oper-ates. (2) The number of Department personnel deployed to each location at which an inter-national program referred to in subpara-graph (A) is in operation during the current and preceding fiscal year. (3) Analysis of the impact of each inter-national program referred to in paragraph (1) on domestic activities of components of the Department of Homeland Security. (4) Analysis of barriers to the expansion of an international program referred to in para-graph (1). (d) F
ORM.—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may contain a classified annex if the Secretary of Homeland Security deter-mines that such is appropriate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4780, the Department of Home-land Security Strategy for Inter-national Programs Act, offered by the ranking member of the committee, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ). This bill would require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a re-port to Congress on the Department of Homeland Security’s international pro-grams, including the vetting and screening of persons seeking to enter the United States. b1745 The legislation builds off of rec-ommendations made by the Committee on Homeland Security’s bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel that identi-fied security gaps which allow jihadists to get to and from Iraq and Syria unde-tected. Specifically, the task force rec-ommended that U.S. authorities con-tinue to push the border outward by de-ploying homeland security initiatives overseas. The DHS has established several international programs that are de-signed to thoroughly vet and screen such individuals before their travel to the United States. Through its many international programs, the DHS per-sonnel overseas effectively extends our Nation’s borders to increase the secu-rity of the United States. Expanding initiatives like the U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Preclearance pro-gram or Immigration and Customs En-forcement’s Visa Security Program could help detect and interdict threats before they are bound for the home-land. For example, the Preclearance program allows overseas-based CBP of-ficers to screen all passengers and lug-gage before a flight takes off for the United States. The CBP currently has 15 preclearance locations in six countries, including Ireland, Aruba, the Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada, and the United Arab Emirates. However, the foreign fighter threat and travel patterns continue to concern immigration and national se-curity officials. As a result, DHS has announced plans to expand preclearance operations. Other programs, like ICE’s Visa Se-curity Program deploy specially trained agents to diplomatic posts worldwide to conduct additional visa security screening and quickly identify potential terrorists or criminal threats before they reach the United States. Agents provide an additional level of review for persons of special interest or concern, review visa applications, li-aise with host country immigration and border security officials, and con-duct investigations with a nexus to U.S. travel and security. The program has agents posted at consulates and embassies in more than 25 countries, with additional plans to expand to ad-ditional high-risk locations. As the Department of Homeland Se-curity continues to build its inter-national footprint for these and other border security programs, the DHS must ensure that the expansion of international programs is considered with risk, cost, and benefit in mind. This bill would require the DHS to re-port on the specific risk-based goals for these international programs to ensure that they align with Department-wide and government-wide strategic prior-ities. This additional transparency, includ-ing the costs related to international programs, will improve Congress’ over-sight of these activities. Additionally, the Department will be required to consider how the deployment of per-sonnel abroad may impact its domestic capabilities as well as to identify bar-riers for the expansion of international programs. While international programs pro-vide tangible national security and travel facilitation benefits, the grow-ing DHS presence overseas should be built upon the foundation of a long- term strategy that guides the Depart-ment in the deployment of officers and agents in a risk-based manner. I am confident that the comprehen-sive strategy that is required by this bill will help ensure that the Depart-ment is managing these programs ef-fectively and that Congress has the ap-propriate insight that is necessary to protect the American taxpayers’ in-vestment in our security. I, therefore, urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4780, the De-partment of Homeland Security Strat-egy for International Programs Act. I introduced H.R. 4780 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to de-velop a comprehensive strategy for the Department’s international programs where personnel and resources are de-ployed abroad for vetting and screening persons who are seeking to enter the U.S. In recent years, the Department has expanded its international footprint through programs such as the Immi-gration Advisory Program, the Joint Security Program, and the Visa Secu-rity Program. In fact, presently, the Customs and Border Protection has, approximately, 800 employees who are posted in 43 countries, and the Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement has almost 400 employees in 45 countries. DHS personnel who are at overseas lo-cations perform vital vetting and pas-senger prescreening activities to en-sure individuals who are traveling to the U.S. do not pose a threat to our Na-tion’s security. Looking ahead, the DHS has an-nounced plans to expand the Preclearance program to 10 new loca-tions in the coming years, and ICE con-tinues to expand its Visa Security Pro-gram to additional visa-issuing posts abroad. I strongly support these efforts to push out our borders through the ex-pansion of these important homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.020 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2413 May 16, 2016 
security programs. That said, to do it right, DHS needs a comprehensive strategy to bolster its presence and partnerships around the world. My bill requires just that. Specifically, it re-quires the DHS to have a 3-year strat-egy that includes risk-based goals, which is a process to ensure resource allocations align with overall Depart-mental strategic priorities, and a com-mon reporting framework for personnel who are deployed abroad. My bill requires the DHS to not only take into account where it currently deploys resources for these overseas screening and vetting programs and the number of DHS personnel at each location, but also any impacts of these overseas activities on domestic oper-ations, including with respect to staff-ing at U.S. ports of entry. After 9/11, the attempted Christmas Day attack in 2009, as well as other more recent cases, it is imperative for the DHS and its Federal partners to bolster the screening and vetting of travelers before they arrive at our bor-ders. My bill will help ensure that the DHS has a sound strategy for its efforts to do so. Mr. Speaker, we face evolving ter-rorist threats, which include individ-uals who are attempting to use legiti-mate forms of travel to the U.S. to in-flict harm. The DHS personnel who are posted abroad perform critical preemp-tive operations to make sure that trav-elers who are coming to our country are thoroughly screened and vetted. H.R. 4780 will help ensure that these important international DHS programs are utilized in a strategic and effective manner to further enhance the security of the U.S. Before I yield back, I would note that H.R. 4780 is a part of a larger legisla-tive package that I am introducing today. Among other things, my pack-age would authorize significant expan-sions of critical CBP and ICE overseas screening and vetting programs and significant new CBP staffing resources to support overseas program expansion and address domestic staffing short-ages at U.S. international airports. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4780. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4780. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4780, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act.’’ This legislation directs the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to submit a com-prehensive three-year strategy for international programs in which DHS personnel and re-sources are deployed abroad for vetting and screening persons seeking to enter the United States. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security I support this bill because the issue of proper vetting and screening proc-esses’ upon the entry into the country is para-mount. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4780 directs the Security Committee of the Department of Homeland Security to use the following strategies to im-plement this legislation: 1. A risk-based method for determining whether to establish new international pro-grams in new locations, given resource con-straints, or expand existing international pro-grams; 2. Alignment with the highest DHS-wide and government-wide strategic priorities of re-source allocations on such programs; and 3. A common reporting framework for the submission of reliable, comparable cost data by DHS components on overseas expendi-tures attributable to such programs. In developing this strategy the Department for health and human services shall secure: 1. Information on existing operations of DHS programs that includes corresponding informa-tion for each location in which each such pro-gram operates, 2. Analysis of the impact of each such inter-national program on domestic activities of DHS components, 3. The number of DHS personnel deployed to each location at which such an international program is in operation during the current and preceding fiscal year, and 4. Analysis of barriers to the expansion of such an international program. There should be a proper vetting and screening process for individuals entering the country from locations abroad. Border security is an evolving process, and our legislative process must evolve with it. Avoiding recurrences of attacks on the homeland such as the 911 attack is a major reason entry into the country should be heav-ily monitored. I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 4780. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4780, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COUNTERTERRORISM ADVISORY BOARD ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4407) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate de-partmental intelligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4407 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Counterter-rorism Advisory Board Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY COUNTERTERRORISM ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At the end of subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.) insert the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 210G. DEPARTMENTAL COORDINATION ON COUNTERTERRORISM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is in the De-partment a board to be composed of senior representatives of departmental operational components and headquarters elements. The purpose of the board shall be to coordinate and integrate departmental intelligence, ac-tivities, and policy related to the counterter-rorism mission and functions of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(b) C
HARTER .—There shall be a charter to govern the structure and mission of the board. Such charter shall direct the board to focus on the current threat environment and the importance of aligning departmental counterterrorism activities under the Sec-retary’s guidance. The charter shall be re-viewed and updated every four years, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERS .— ‘‘(1) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall appoint a Coordinator for Counterterrorism within the Department who will serve as the chair of the board. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Secretary shall appoint additional members of the board from among the following: ‘‘(A) The Transportation Security Admin-istration. ‘‘(B) United States Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(C) United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. ‘‘(D) The Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(E) The Coast Guard. ‘‘(F) United States Citizenship and Immi-gration Services. ‘‘(G) The United States Secret Service. ‘‘(H) The National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate. ‘‘(I) The Office of Operations Coordination. ‘‘(J) The Office of the General Counsel. ‘‘(K) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. ‘‘(L) The Office of Policy. ‘‘(M) The Science and Technology Direc-torate. ‘‘(N) Other Departmental offices and pro-grams as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .—The board shall meet on a regular basis to discuss intelligence and co-ordinate ongoing threat mitigation efforts and departmental activities, including co-ordination with other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector part-ners, and shall make recommendations to the Secretary. ‘‘(e) T
ERRORISM ALERTS .—The board shall advise the Secretary on the issuance of ter-rorism alerts pursuant to section 203 of this Act. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— No additional funds are authorized to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210F the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 210G. Departmental coordination on counterterrorism.’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Coordinator for Counterterrorism, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on the status and activities of the board established under sec-tion 210G of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.035 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2414 May 16, 2016 
New York (Mr. K ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Since the tragic events of 9/11, this body has endeavored to better inte-grate intelligence and law enforcement agencies to react to new and evolving threats and to reduce duplicative ef-forts and waste. To a large extent, we have succeeded in producing a more in-tegrated security apparatus that prop-erly reflects the terrorist threats of the 21st century. However, we must con-tinue to make improvements to counter fast-changing threats like those posed by ISIS. Mr. Speaker, we are seeing the great-est convergence of radical Islamic threats in history, with more than 40,000 jihadist fighters traveling to the battlefield in Syria and Iraq. Furthermore, the United States faces the highest threat level since 9/11— with open counterterrorism investiga-tions in all 50 States in this great country of ours and with more than 80 ISIS-related arrests in the past 2 years, including one just up the road from my district on New Year’s Eve. With the current threat environment in mind, I offer H.R. 4407, the Counter-terrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016. Initially established at the end of 2010, this panel brings together the De-partment of Homeland Security’s top counterterrorism decisionmakers to re-spond to threats. However, I led a bi-partisan task force, which found that the Counterterrorism Advisory Board, or CTAB, had neither been codified nor had its charter kept pace with today’s evolving terrorist threats. That is why we need to pass this bill—to ensure that the DHS is effectively integrating intelligence, operations, and policy to fight terrorism and that it is quickly exchanging threat information. This legislation formally establishes the CTAB in law, and it makes it the Department’s central coordination body for counterterrorism activities. The bill also updates the Board’s char-ter to better enable it to confront to-morrow’s challenges today, and it re-quires the Secretary to appoint a Coor-dinator for Counterterrorism to over-see the Board’s activities. It is an im-portant change to the current struc-ture. Additionally, the legislation requires the CTAB to advise the Secretary on the issuance of terrorism alerts, ensur-ing that top counterterrorism and in-telligence officials play a key role in developing these critical notices to the public. Finally, H.R. 4407 ensures continued congressional oversight by requiring the DHS to report on the status and ac-tivities of the CTAB so that we can be certain it is meeting its mandate. I thank Chairman M
CCAUL for ap-pointing me to lead the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, which for-mulated, roughly, 50 recommendations for making our country safer, one of which serves as the basis for this legis-lation. I also thank Ranking Member T
HOMPSON and his great staff for all of the work we have been doing to get a lot of these bills passed into law, and I very much appreciate our bipartisan work together. I am proud to say we have now acted legislatively on more than half of the task force’s findings, largely thanks to the hard work of the other members of the task force and their willingness to reach across the aisle and do what is right for our country. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4407, the Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016. H.R. 4407 authorizes, within the De-partment of Homeland Security, the Counterterrorism Advisory Board, or CTAB, to coordinate and integrate De-partmental intelligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism. Since 2010, the internal body, which is comprised of top DHS officials, has helped to harmonize counterterrorism programs and activities across the DHS. H.R. 4407 directs the CTAB to meet on a regular basis to coordinate and integrate the Department’s coun-terterrorism efforts, and it sets forth the leadership and composition of the Board. H.R. 4407 also requires the DHS to report to Congress on the Board’s status and activities. This legislation is a product of the House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s bipartisan Task Force on Ter-rorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, which learned that the CTAB, which has operated for 6 years, was never au-thorized in law. b1800 To ensure that the board remains an integral part of counterterrorism pol-icy recommendations and responses across the Department, the task force recommended that the board be codi-fied in law. Codification of the board is consistent with the task force’s finding that information sharing is critical to preventing foreign fighter travel. I believe that the CTAB should be a permanent fixture in the Department to help inform the counterterrorism decisionmaking of future Department Secretaries. As such, I support this leg-islation, which tackles an important task force recommendation and find-ing, and commend the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) for introducing it as well as making it here for the hearing of this bill today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, H.R. 4407 will authorize within the Department of Homeland Security the counterterrorism advisory board to coordinate and integrate departmental intelligence activities and policies re-lated to counterterrorism. The board already plays a central and necessary role within DHS. Enactment of H.R. 4407 will ensure that, no matter what happens in the upcoming election or who is the head of the Department, the counterterror-ism advisory board will remain intact. I urge passage of H.R. 4407. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I once again urge my colleagues to support this strong bipartisan piece of legislation. It is commonsense legisla-tion, but it is very important to insti-tutionalize things that are working to some extent within the Department of Homeland Security and the counterter-rorism advisory board. The tweaks that we have in this legislation are going to make it a good, firm setting for fighting the counterterrorism ac-tivity going forward. I do want to note for a moment as well that there have been an awful lot of bills that came out of Homeland Se-curity this term, and the vast majority of those bills have had bipartisan sup-port. I am proud of the work we are doing together with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and we are going to continue to do that moving forward to keep this country safe. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4407, Counterterrorism Advi-sory Board Act of 2016, because it will estab-lish a board to coordinate and integrate DHS’s intelligence, activities, and clarify policy related to its counterterrorism mission and functions. As a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security since its establishment, and current Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security this bill is of importance to me. It was said of the George W. Bush Adminis-tration by the 9–11 Commission that it did not connect the dots that would have allowed the intelligence and law enforcement communities to detect and possibly deter the September 11, 2001 attack against our nation. We have learned a great deal over the nearly 15 years since Al Qaeda attacked our nation. One of the more important lessons is the need to have coordination and unity of effort among and within intelligence and law en-forcement agencies in our battle to defeat ter-rorists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.038 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2415 May 16, 2016 
H.R. 4407 establishes a board that will: (1) advise the Secretary of DHS on the issuance of terrorism alerts, and meet on a regular basis to discuss intelligence; and (2) coordinate ongoing threat mitigation ef-forts and departmental activities. The terrorism alert system initiated following September 2001, caused confusion and un-certainty. In November 2002, I was proud to join my colleagues in voting to create the Department of Homeland Security. H.R. 4407 will develop a process for deter-mining when alerts should be issued, which will make it easier for the Department of Homeland Security to develop messages that will guide public and interagency actions. My work on the Homeland Security Com-mittee has allowed me the privilege of serving as Chair of the Subcommittee on Transpor-tation Security, and the Ranking Member of the Border and Maritime Security Sub-committee. The Homeland Security Committee has worked over the years since its founding to ensure that this agency is prepared and staffed to meet the challenges and demands of its mandate. As we have worked to define and support the mission of the Department of Homeland Security we have worked to keep the efforts of the agency focused not only on the threats we have faced, but also the new ones that may come. It is the responsibility of Congress not only to provide DHS with new guidelines, but also to provide the agency with the funding it needs to do the work of protecting this great nation. For several Congresses DHS has faced a government shutdown and sequestration that has depleted its resources and stranded its ef-forts to do all of the work members of this body demands. Mr. Speaker, since DHS initiated its head-quarters consolidation in 2006, it has pro-gressed despite changes in senior leadership and waning funding support from Congress. As I urge my colleagues to support this bill, I also remind them that the passage of new laws that require more of the agency should also mean that we should require more of our-selves as members of Congress. We should support the work of the men and women of DHS as they stand on the front line of our nation’s domestic security by making sure that they have the tools and the skills needed to do the job we require. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4407. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4407, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4743, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4407, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PRE-PAREDNESS CONSORTIUM ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4743) to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to estab-lish a National Cybersecurity Pre-paredness Consortium, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 394, nays 3, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 194] YEAS—394 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.026 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2416 May 16, 2016 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—3 
Amash Gohmert Massie 
NOT VOTING—36 
Brown (FL) Carter (TX) Cleaver Crawford DeGette Fattah Fincher Fleming Forbes Frelinghuysen Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Higgins Hultgren Johnson, Sam Kelly (IL) Latta Lieu, Ted Maloney, Carolyn Nolan Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Walker Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Whitfield 
b1850 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to work with cybersecurity consortia for train-ing, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COUNTERTERRORISM ADVISORY BOARD ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4407) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate de-partmental intelligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 389, nays 5, not voting 39, as follows: 
[Roll No. 195] YEAS—389 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—5 
Amash Gohmert Jones Massie Yoho 
NOT VOTING—39 
Bass Brown (FL) Carter (TX) Cleaver Crawford DeGette Fattah Fincher Fleming Forbes Frelinghuysen Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Higgins Hultgren Johnson, Sam Kelly (IL) LaMalfa Latta Lieu, Ted Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Nolan Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Simpson Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Vela Walker Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1857 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1900 CUBA DRUG SHIPMENT (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security is currently in Cuba partici-pating in bilateral meetings on law en-forcement cooperation with the Castro regime. This will serve as another propaganda coup for the Castro broth-ers. In the past, the Obama administra-tion and Cuba have held technical ex-changes on counternarcotics. Yet, last month, Panamanian authorities inter-cepted over 400 kilos of cocaine in a shipment from—guess where—Cuba en route to Belgium. This is not the first time that the Castro brothers tried to ship illicit ma-terials. In 2013, Mr. Speaker, approxi-mately 240 tons of illegal weapons were intercepted by Panamanians on a ship going from Cuba to North Korea. In fact, this shipment was the largest weapons cache ever intercepted going to North Korea in violation of several U.N. Security Council resolutions. So how does this happen, Mr. Speak-er? Let’s not forget that Cuba’s mili-tary owns and operates Cuba’s port fa-cilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.027 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2417 May 16, 2016 
So how does cocaine, how do ship-ments, and how do guns get onto these ships? I doubt that our deputy sec-retary will inquire about the com-plicity of the Castro regime in these il-licit shipments when he meets with his Cuban counterparts. So shame on us, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CARDENAS’ 24TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, today is a day that is a very emotional day for my family and me. Many years ago, there was a beau-tiful young woman who grew up in Pacoima. She was the daughter of im-migrants, and I was lucky enough to meet her and lucky enough for her to accept a date. Some years later, we got married, 24 years ago today, and I just wanted to take an opportunity to thank her for having a moment of lapse and accepting that date and eventually for us getting married. We have four beautiful children that we have raised. I don’t take it for granted, ladies and gentlemen, that as her parents are from Mexico and my parents are from Mexico, from another country, we now have been able to provide a better life for our children that previous genera-tions could not. So I stand before you as a proud American and a very happy man to know that I am married to a wonderful woman, born Norma Sanchez and now is Norma Ca´rdenas. She is the mother of our children and someone that I miss very much. So to you, Norma, I am sorry I couldn’t be home. I am thousands of miles away. But thank you for under-standing. I look forward to seeing you to celebrate with you soon. 
f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT WEEK (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, it is Na-tional Law Enforcement Week and a time to honor the men and women in blue that risk their health and safety daily to keep our communities safe. The shooting of two officers just this last week in New Hampshire shows us that the danger that law enforcement faces is all too real. Whenever I partici-pate in a police ride-along, I am con-stantly impressed by the profes-sionalism and the commitment to duty from our police officers. It is important that we recognize their efforts and make sure they have the resources to do their jobs effec-tively. I was pleased that last week we reauthorized the Bulletproof Vest Part-nership Grant Program to help local law enforcement agencies obtain po-tentially lifesaving equipment for their officers. In addition, we passed my bill to pro-vide law enforcement with more tools to find abducted and missing children. Mr. Speaker, we owe a debt of grati-tude to the Thin Blue Line and the men and women of law enforcement for all that they do to keep us safe. f 
RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST HOMOPHOBIA AND TRANSPHOBIA (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. Every year on May 17, LGBT individ-uals and their allies use this day to bring awareness to LGBT discrimina-tion. Since 2004, this day has expanded to every corner of the world. It is cele-brated in more than 130 countries, in-cluding 37 countries where homosex-uality is illegal, where courageous in-dividuals and organizations are stand-ing up for basic human rights. Sadly, homophobia, transphobia, and LGBT discrimination still exist around the world. Despite last year’s victory for marriage equality, many still want to turn the clock back on equality. North Carolina, Mississippi, and Ten-nessee’s recent anti-LGBT laws cast light on this discrimination. Sadly, these hateful bills are nothing more than State-sanctioned hate. I am proud to have introduced H. Res. 263, supporting the goals and ideals of the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. I would like to thank the 70 cosponsors and en-courage all of my colleagues to sign on as cosponsors. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me tomorrow and every day in speaking out against LGBT hatred. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARYANN VOLDERS ON BEING NAMED ADMINIS-TRATOR OF THE YEAR (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as co-chairman of the Congressional Career and Technical Education Caucus, it is my pleasure to recognize the efforts of MaryAnn Volders, who was recently named Ad-ministrator of the Year by the Penn-sylvania Association of Career and Technical Education. MaryAnn is the vice president of sec-ondary education at the Central Penn-sylvania Institute of Science and Tech-nology, or CPI, located in Centre Coun-ty, in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District. She has been with CPI for the past 9 years, having previously worked with the Tyrone Area School District. This award is a true sign of Volders’ work in helping prepare students for careers in growing technical fields not only across Pennsylvania, but also across the United States. On a day-to- day basis, MaryAnn’s work can include everything from working on a grant to assisting students and teachers—work-ing to create the best possible edu-cational environment at CPI. Her nomination included five letters of support, including one from a stu-dent. MaryAnn says a student greeted her with congratulatory roses after she received word that she had won this award and recognition. f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the brave men and women who protect New Hampshire. Last week in Manchester, our State’s largest city, a robbery suspect shot and wounded two police officers. Thank-fully, Manchester Police Department caught the suspect. Officers Ryan Hardy and Matthew O’Connor are heal-ing. Other police officers who risk their lives every day haven’t been as lucky. Merrimack native, Ashley Guindon, an officer in Virginia, died in the line of duty earlier this year, a day after being sworn in. Ashley’s name will join those on the National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial in Washington, D.C. During National Police Week, offi-cers from around the country are here to pay their respects. Today, I had the pleasure of meeting Hooksett Police Chief Peter Bartlett and Jordan Wells of the Portsmouth PD. My friends are on the front lines of New Hampshire’s heroin epidemic. My bill to increase their access to life-saving antioverdose medication passed the House, and I am a proud partner in a number of efforts to make their jobs easier and safer. A police officer’s job will always be dangerous. This week is an opportunity for us to thank them, particularly those who have made the ultimate sac-rifice. 
f 
SECURING AMERICA’S AIRPORTS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of serving on the Homeland Security Committee, and in that capacity I have the oversight for any number of agencies, including the Transportation Security Administra-tion agency, along with our ranking member and ranking member of our subcommittee and our chairpersons. Let me be very clear: we want America to be secured. But I had the privilege of meeting again with the Administrator of TSA, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.045 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2418 May 16, 2016 
and as we watched incidents in Arizona and Chicago, I am very sure that as we build the TSOs and as we work to cor-rect these issues, we could not have a better frontline defense for protecting America. As I have traveled to airports across the Nation and watched civilians or citizens, passengers traveling through, I have seen a smile and a recognition of how important TSOs are. It is impor-tant to make sure that equipment works, and it is more important to make sure that we have the right kind of staffing. We are almost 3,000 to 4,000 short of the number of TSOs that we need. It is also important that we recog-nize that a professional Federal staff is very important, similar to the many other law enforcement agencies that we have. Privatization is not the an-swer, but efficiency, expediency, good equipment, and training is. I believe we are moving forward to make sure that we have that kind of trained force to secure the American people and secure the Nation’s airports. 
f 
COMMEMORATING SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month we cele-brated Small Business Week, a time when we especially recognize the unique contributions small businesses make providing opportunities for citi-zens. South Carolina feels the positive im-pact of small-business owners. These individuals represent 97 percent of all employers in our State. I am grateful to represent these entrepreneurs who are dedicated to creating jobs that will help citizens around them have mean-ingful and fulfilling lives. I appreciate visiting with members of the South Carolina small-business community. I was grateful to tour Day-ton Rogers, a plant in Columbia, South Carolina, led by President Ron Lowry, where I was inspired by the enthusi-astic personnel. I participated in a roundtable discus-sion with the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, led by Ben Homeyer about the overreach of government. These meetings made it clear that small businesses are not being supported by this administration because of the burdensome tax regula-tions. I look forward to working with my fellow House Republicans as we support reforms to reduce regulations and cre-ate jobs and opportunities. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. RECOGNIZING REBUILDING TOGETHER WAYCROSS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Rebuilding Together Waycross and all the hard work of its volunteers. The Rebuilding Together organiza-tion rebuilds family homes for vet-erans, people with disability, and low- income families, with the goal of a safe and healthy home for each person in the community. The nonprofit organization was founded in 1973 in Midland, Texas, by a small group of people who noticed the need to refurbish homes in their com-munity. In the beginning, the group worked on those homes once a year each April, but by 1988, Rebuilding To-gether gained national recognition. Rebuilding Together now has over 100,000 volunteers who complete 10,000 projects each year and has spread to re-building homes in Waycross, Georgia. Rebuilding Together Waycross is one of four Rebuilding Together networks in the State of Georgia. I want to thank everyone who is a part of Rebuilding Together, and espe-cially Rebuilding Together Waycross, for the hard work and for the life- changing services that this group has provided to families across America. 
f 
MEDIA IGNORES PUBLIC’S VIEWS ON CLIMATE CHANGE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans are skeptical about the news they receive on climate change. A recent Gallup poll found that 46 per-cent of Americans believe that the Earth’s natural changes are the pri-mary cause of climate change. Ameri-cans are split as to the cause of any cli-mate change. However, the liberal na-tional media only portrays one side of the story. Over the last month, every New York Times and Washington Post article on this topic attributed warmer tempera-tures solely to human activity. Not one mentioned that natural changes could partially be the cause. What is amazing is that, with all the media bias blaming humans for climate change, half of all Americans still re-main skeptical. Americans deserve all the facts about climate change, not just the one side the liberal national media are trying to promote. 
f 
b1915 CELEBRATING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for more than 50 years, May 15 has been recog-nized as Peace Officers Memorial Day, and the calendar week in which May 15 falls is National Police Week. During National Police Week, we honor those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty for the safety and protection of others. In 2016, 252 fallen law enforce-ment heroes were added to the Na-tional Law Enforcement Officers Me-morial. Their sacrifice is not forgotten, and their families remain in our pray-ers during this week of remembrance. The men and women who dedicate their lives to law enforcement not only keep our families safe, but they also help to preserve the way of life we hold so dear. They walk the neighborhood beats, patrol our streets, and willingly do the dangerous work that make our lives safer. They deserve our gratitude today and every day. f 
MICROSTAMPING LIMITS CHOICE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, tonight I introduced H. Res. 731 expressing Con-gress’ opposition to laws requiring that microstamping technology be included in handguns. Time and time again, studies have shown that microstamping technology has failed to achieve any reliable effec-tiveness. A study by the University of Cali-fornia, Davis—certainly no hotbed of support for the Second Amendment— recommended against imposing micro-stamping requirements, and the cre-ator of the technology participated in a study which determined it did not work reliably. Mr. Speaker, the only real impact of microstamping is to increase costs and make it more difficult for Americans to exercise their Second Amendment rights. Unfortunately, that is the true intent of these laws, not to increase safety, but to simply make it more dif-ficult for law-abiding citizens to own firearms. Even the Ninth Circuit Court agreed—the most overturned court in the country—just today that laws in-tended solely to prevent Americans from exercising their rights are uncon-stitutional. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to reject these laws and join me in stand-ing up for the Second Amendment and join on to H. Res. 731. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentle-woman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.047 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2419 May 16, 2016 
may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add any extraneous material relevant to the subject matter of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening as co-anchor along with my classmate and scholar, Congress-man H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , from the Eighth District of New York, for to-night’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour, Equal Justice Under the Law: Criminal Justice Re-form and Challenging the School-to- Prison Pipeline. Congressman J
EFFRIES leads by ex-ample. He is a member of the Criminal Justice Task Force, and he has a long personal and professional history of being a Brother’s Keeper. This evening the Congressional Black Caucus comes to the House floor to dis-cuss the current state of America’s criminal justice system and the nec-essary reform, reform that will allow us to invest in our communities and expand opportunities for all Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, the school-to-prison pipeline is an epidemic that is plaguing schools across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, the need and appetite to reform our Federal criminal justice system has been building for years, and now it is clear that there is consensus that the time is now to take meaningful action. The school-to-prison pipeline refers to the policies and practices that pushes our Nation’s children, espe-cially our most at-risk children, out of the classroom and into the juvenile and criminal justice system. Far too often, students are expended, expelled, or even arrested for minor offenses that lead to visits to the principal’s office a thing of the past. Statistics reflect that these policies disproportionately target students of color and those with a history of abuse, neglect, poverty, or learning disabil-ities. Those who are unnecessarily forced out of school become stig-matized and fall behind in their stud-ies, Mr. Speaker. Many eventually de-cide to drop out of school altogether, and many others commit crimes in their community. Former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder discussed the issue in a speech to the American Bar Association in 2013, stating that rigid discipline poli-cies transformed too many educational institutions from the doorway of op-portunity into the gateway to the criminal justice system and that a minor school disciplinary offense should put a student in the principal’s office, not in the police precinct. According to recent data by the De-partment of Education, African Amer-ican students are arrested far more than their White classmates. Black and Hispanic students represent more than 70 percent of those involved in school- related arrests or referrals to law en-forcement. Currently, African Ameri-cans make up two-fifths of combined youth today, Mr. Speaker. In my home State of Ohio, the im-pact of suspensions and expulsions on communities is striking. In Ohio, a his-tory of prior suspensions from school is the number one factor that leads chil-dren to dropping out of school. Chil-dren who do not finish high school, as we all are aware, are more likely to end up incarcerated or in our juvenile or criminal justice system and are 3.5 times more likely to be arrested. Approximately 82 percent of the adult population is composed of high school dropouts. Mr. Speaker, unfortu-nately, this is a pipeline that reflects the prioritization of incarceration over education. But, Mr. Speaker, I come today as a member of the Congres-sional Black Caucus because I believe we can disrupt the pipeline. To do this, we need to be honest about the opportunity gaps that exist across our country and in our schools because you cannot talk about the school-to-prison pipeline without dis-cussing what needs to be provided as economic opportunities. We need better educational chances for our young people. We need more support to our families so that they can do the best job that they can or that they are capable of doing to help support their own children. We must confront prejudices in our Nation head- on. That is why initiatives like the White House’s My Brother’s Keeper is so important. My Brother’s Keeper Task Force is a coordinated Federal ef-fort to address persistent opportunity gaps faced by boys and young men of color and ensure that all young people can reach their full potential. Mr. Speaker, lastly, this past week-end I met with the dynamic men of the Columbus chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, in my dis-trict and saw My Brother’s Keeper work firsthand. I learned of their many forms of being role models, as being community mentors for at-risk students, particu-larly young males, who are in need of inspiration and counsel regarding their choice of a life’s career. The mentoring men of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, are men who are doctors, lawyers, government officials, teachers, and entrepreneurs, just to name a few. Mr. Speaker, these men are role mod-els for the community. They bought a house in my district, and they use that home as an anchor to provide opportu-nities and leadership development, pro-fessional networking, and positive re-inforcement. Tonight it is important for me to put a face on what we need to do as one small example to stop the school-to- prison pipeline. I salute Philip Shotwell, Polemarch; Richard Crock-ett, 1st Vice Polemarch; Attorney Byron Potts; Dr. Gus Parker; and Board of Directors Nathaniel Jordan for being men who understand, if we are going to stop the school-to-prison pipeline, we need to look at our own districts. A young man asked them why he should stay in school, and they replied: Young man, you are your own future. We are relying on you to be a law-abid-ing citizen, educated, self-sufficient, and a good citizen because we don’t want you to be a statistic in the school-to-prison pipeline. Mr. Speaker, tonight you will hear many stories, you will hear facts, and you will hear about legislation. Let me end by saying that I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Safe, Ac-countable, Fair, Effective (SAFE) Jus-tice Reinvestment Act of 2015, H.R. 2944, a bill that recognizes the impor-tance of mentoring and reducing re-cidivism and helps offenders think through the decisions that confront them when they leave prison. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ), our chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, a person who has a long background in being an advocate and a fighter for those who are in our communities and faced with many of the things that you are going to hear tonight. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman B
EATTY for yielding, thank her for her friendship, and thank her for all that she does not just for the Congressional Black Cau-cus, but for all that she does for the constituents that she represents back in Ohio and for what she does for all people in America. Let me also thank Congressman J
EFFRIES for his great work and his willingness to participate in these Spe-cial Order hours. I know that the evening is late sometimes, but the two of them come to the floor and work very hard. I want to spend my few minutes, if I may, Mr. Speaker, talking about just an overview of the criminal justice sys-tem. There is no question that the criminal justice system is broken. All of us I think can agree on that. Those on the left and those on the right, all of us even, for different reasons, per-haps, come to one conclusion, that the criminal justice system is in need of serious, serious reform. I know that we are debating legisla-tion here in the House regarding re-forming the criminal justice system. Our colleagues over in the Senate are doing the same. But it is time for ac-tion. It is time for action on criminal justice reform in the 114th Congress. As many of my colleagues know, I spent 30 years, 30 long years, in a courtroom, half of those as a lawyer, the other half as a judge. Most of the 15 years as a judge I was a trial judge, which meant that I was on the front line in our criminal justice system and I saw it firsthand. I can tell you with-out question that the criminal justice system in America is in need of serious reform from the top to the bottom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.049 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2420 May 16, 2016 
We have all heard the statistics, and I am going to repeat them again to-night: 2.2 million Americans are in prison. Of that number, that number is disproportionately African American. That is 25 percent of the world’s prison population right here in the United States of America. Just think about that, Mr. Speaker. We are 5 percent of the world’s popu-lation, but 25 percent of those who are incarcerated are incarcerated in the United States of America. We have a serious problem of mass incarceration that must be reduced. But the point that I want to put in the R
ECORD tonight is that, of those who are incarcerated in this country, 90 percent of those are incarcerated at the State level and 10 percent incarcer-ated at the Federal level—90 percent incarcerated at the State level. b1930 When we discuss criminal justice re-form—and Congressman B
OBBY SCOTT is going to be speaking in a few min-utes, and he talks about this all of the time, as well as Congresswoman S
HEILA  J
ACKSON LEE—we must not only talk about reform at the Federal level, but we must find ways to require States to reform their criminal justice systems at the local level. We should encourage States to take a serious look at their systems and to seek ways to reduce mass incarceration at the State level without posing any harm to the com-munities. Too many of those who are incarcerated at the State level are in prison for drug-related offenses and crimes that don’t endanger the commu-nity whatsoever. We should encourage States to enact expungement laws. We get telephone calls all the time—and I am sure my colleagues get the same calls as well— from those who are seeking ways to ex-punge their records so that young men and women who have served in the criminal justice system can get some of those offenses removed from their records, particularly those offenses that deal with petty crimes and mis-demeanors and drug-related offenses, because when you have these offenses on your criminal record, it prevents young people from getting the gainful employment that they so richly de-serve. We also need to encourage States to look at ways to remove criminal charges from criminal records that did not result in convictions. I think most of my colleagues can relate to that. We know that, so often, police officers at the local level will charge a young of-fender with multiple offenses at the time of arrest, and some of the offenses are not even deserving of a charge. Sometimes police have a tendency to overcharge at the time of arrest. Then when the case finally goes to court, those 10 or 12 charges are reduced down to one charge or two charges; the de-fendant pleads guilty; and the case is disposed of while the other 8 or 10 charges that are dismissed continue to be on the young person’s criminal record for a lifetime. So often, just the fact that the individual has been charged with a crime prevents that young person from getting a job. So often, it makes a difference. Finally, I thank Mrs. BEATTY for talking about using the court system to punish students. That happens. It happens in every State in America. Our public school systems cannot, and should not, use the court system as a means of punishment for students who have behavioral problems in school. I thank all of my colleagues for all of their work. I thank them for their ef-forts. I thank them for their tremen-dous interest in this subject because it is real. We know it. We need criminal justice reform, and we need it now. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank Congressman B
UTTERFIELD . We certainly agree with you that the criminal justice system is broken. That is why the Congressional Black Caucus is here tonight—to make sure that we are prepared to outline the steps and the legislation that is going to be in the forefront. I thank the gentleman for his leadership in making this a top priority for the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to the gentleman from the Third Congressional District of Virginia. He is a true scholar, an at-torney, and someone who is a leader on tonight’s topic. He is someone who has worked tirelessly to make sure that we do more than just come and stand and talk about this issue tonight. He comes to talk about real reform, to talk about making a difference in our bro-ken criminal justice system. He is my friend, Congressman B
OBBY SCOTT. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the gentlewoman. I appreciate the gentleman from New York and certainly the gentlewoman from Ohio for organizing this Special Order to discuss the need for criminal justice reform. Mr. Speaker, we have serious, funda-mental problems with our criminal jus-tice system today. For too long, policy-makers have chosen to play politics with crime policy by enacting so-called tough on crime slogans and sound bites, such as three strikes and you are out, mandatory minimum sentences, and—if you get it to rhyme, appar-ently, it is better—if you do the adult crime, you do the adult time. As ap-pealing as these policies sound, their impacts range from a negligible reduc-tion in crime to actually increasing the crime rate. As a result of these policies, the United States, despite representing only 5 percent of the world’s popu-lation, has 25 percent of the world’s prisoners and now has the highest in-carceration rate of any nation’s, by far, in the world. There are 2.2 million peo-ple behind bars in this country. That is triple the number of prisoners we had just three decades ago. At over 700 per-sons incarcerated for every 100,000 in the population, the United States far exceeds the world’s average incarcer-ation rate of about 100 per 100,000. Recent studies have questioned the sanity of this mass incarceration. For example, the Pew Research Center on States estimates that after about 350 per 100,000, any crime reduction value begins to diminish, and at over 500 per 100,000, incarceration becomes, actu-ally, counterproductive. As I said, our rate is now at 700 per 100,000. These counterproductive effects are created because today there are too many children who are being raised by a parent who is in prison and by too many people with felony records who are unable to find jobs. The impact of our tax dollars is also distressing. The Bureau of Prisons is consuming too much of the Department of Justice’s budget, meaning that the Department has fewer and fewer resources for other programs that can actually reduce crime and enhance public safety. The tough on crime approach falls the hard-est on minorities. While the incarcer-ation rate overall in the United States is approximately 700 per 100,000, for Blacks, the incarceration rate is over 2,200 per 100,000; and in some jurisdic-tions, they lock up Blacks at the rate of 4,000 per 100,000—a rate 40 times the international average. The war on drugs has exacerbated this problem. Over 2,000 Federal pris-oners are now serving life without pa-role for nonviolent drug crimes, and many more are serving unduly harsh sentences for nonviolent offenses. The racial disparities are staggering. De-spite the fact that Whites engage in drug offenses at a rate equal to or often higher than that of African Americans, African Americans are incarcerated on drug charges at a rate 10 times greater than that of Whites. We all agree that there is a problem with mass incarceration. So what is the best way to solve it? When reviewing any legislative pack-age called criminal justice reform, I think there are some key principles that we have to address. First, reform must meaningfully ad-dress the problem of mass incarcer-ation by significantly reducing admis-sions to prison and shortening a pris-oner’s length of stay. Second, any reform must address the primary driver of the ballooning Fed-eral prison populations, and that is mandatory minimum penalties, espe-cially those for drug and firearm of-fenses. Third, we must address the disparate impact on race in the Federal criminal justice system that has resulted from the application of many neutrally worded policies and laws. Fourth, reform must address mental health and addiction issues as a public health issue and require intervention and treatment plans to resolve under-lying issues that led those to be in-volved in the criminal justice system rather than implement so-called tough on crime, lock ’em up approaches. Ev-erybody knows that the war on drugs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.051 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2421 May 16, 2016 
has failed. We need to address drug abuse more as a public health issue and less as a criminal justice issue. Fifth, we must provide comprehen-sive reentry and rehabilitation services and incentives for completing those programs that are found to actually work, with a particular focus on those with the greatest need. Finally, any legislation must be based on research and evidence, not on poll-tested slogans and sound bites or political negotiations, which are unre-lated to research and evidence. How do the current proposals stack up? First, we look at the current bills that have been reported out of the House and Senate Judiciary Commit-tees and notice that they fail to em-body any of the principles. In fact, they often take the opposite approach. While these bills reduce the number of admissions and/or length of stay in some limited cases, they also create new mandatory minimums, even new mandatory minimums or mandatory consecutive enhancements. They en-hance existing mandatory minimums to apply to people who would not get them under the present law, and they irrationally limit who can benefit from prospective and retroactive relief pro-visions. It is unknown whether there will be an overall increase or decrease in prison impact at the 10-year point after implementation, if these bills pass, compared to doing nothing. The United States Sentencing Commission has been unable to quantify the impact of the expansions or the limitations on relief. So the fact that we do not have the numbers means that we cannot de-termine whether these bills will have any meaningful effect on mass incar-ceration. Though the bills do shorten two supersized mandatory minimums, they do not eliminate any mandatory min-imum. The Senate bill actually creates two new ones, and both bills create new mandatory consecutive sentencing en-hancements, which must be served after any other sentence. Both bills ex-pand mandatory minimums for drug and gun offenses by applying them to people who would not be eligible to re-ceive them today. If the problem we are trying to ad-dress is mass incarceration, why are those in the bill to begin with? Neither of the bills will do anything to address the disparate racial impact that pervades our criminal justice sys-tem. Federal mandatory minimums, in particular those for drug and firearm offenses, have been studied and have been found to have a racially disparate impact. These bills do nothing to eliminate mandatory minimums. Even though they reduce some, they create new ones, expand others, and create new sentencing enhancements. So the bills may actually make racial dispari-ties in sentencing even worse than they are under present law. Finally, both bills put limits on who can receive prospective and retroactive relief. If you look at the limitations, you will find that they have a racially disparate impact on minorities. On the issue of the war on drugs, both bills also fail to treat drug abuse and addiction as a public health prob-lem. In fact, the strategy used in the bills to address heroin addiction is not a public health approach, for the bills impose mandatory additional prison time. This is not a public health, re-search-based approach. On the comprehensive reentry and re-habilitation services to reduce recidi-vism, these bills have turned science and empirical evidence upside down. They give the greatest incentives for completing the programs to those with the lowest need while categorically barring offenders with the highest risk from benefiting from the rehabilitation programs. This approach not only vio-lates research, but it will exacerbate the current racial disparities in the criminal justice system. Mr. Speaker, there is ample research available to show what credible crimi-nal justice reform ought to look like. For example, Texas—one of the Na-tion’s most conservative States—re-cently passed criminal justice reform legislation that was based on research and evidence, and the result was a sig-nificant reduction in crime, a signifi-cant reduction in incarceration, and a savings of billions of dollars. The SAFE Justice Act—the Safe, Ac-countable, Fair, and Effective Justice Act—which I cosponsored with the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSEN -
BRENNER ), which the gentlewoman from Ohio pointed out that she is sup-porting, was based on the Texas model and includes evidence-based prevention and early intervention programs; re-ducing incarceration even at the State level as well as at the Federal level; comprehensive police training and funding for body cameras, drug and veterans’ courts; a significant reduc-tion in the use of mandatory minimum sentences; and rehabilitation for all of those in prison and second-chance pro-grams for those who have been re-leased. It has broad, bipartisan sup-port. All of the provisions in the bill are fully paid for by reallocating the reduction in mandatory minimums, and it shows that we do not have to ac-cept a bill that fails to conform to evi-dence and research. Mr. Speaker, criminal justice reform legislation ought to be consistent with the research and evidence that is read-ily available. From what I can tell, the bills reported out of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees have nothing based in research and evidence and, sadly, seem more concerned about the politics of criminal justice reform, with little regard to actually wanting to end our Nation’s addiction to mass incarceration. The SAFE Justice Act is a better evi-dence-based approach, which will, if en-acted, reduce crime, save money, and reduce racial disparities that pervade our criminal justice system. I appreciate the gentlewoman from Ohio and the gentleman from New York for hosting tonight’s Special Order. b1945 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman SCOTT for clearly articu-lating to us why we cannot let our criminal justice system remain on this trajectory. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the Con-gresswoman from the 13th District of California. My colleague and my friend is someone who travels the world advo-cating for those who live in poverty, advocating for those who are incarcer-ated in this broken criminal justice system that we are focusing on to-night. I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I first thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for those very kind and humbling remarks. I want to thank her for her tremendous leadership and for continuing to come down here each and every week to en-sure that her voice, the Congressional Black Caucus’ voice, and Congressman J
EFFRIES ’ voice are really put forth so that the people of our country will un-derstand the critical issues before us and the fact that the Congressional Black Caucus is really leading on each and every issue. Congresswoman B
EATTY and Congressman J EFFRIES  really have done a phenomenal job. They both have gone way beyond the call of duty, and so we thank them so much for their efforts. Make no mistake—and I think we are hearing this over and over again to-night—mass incarceration is a crisis in our country. The United States of America imprisons far more people than any other nation in the world. When African Americans are incar-cerated at six times the rate of Whites, it is no surprise to me. It is no surprise that African Americans constitute nearly half of the total 2.3 million in-carcerated Americans in 2008. To-gether, African Americans and Latinos comprise 58 percent of all prisoners in 2008, even though African Americans and Latinos make up approximately one-quarter of the United States popu-lation. While our prison population grows unchecked and is growing unchecked, we continue to criminalize our stu-dents rather than invest in their edu-cation. Right now we spend $10,500 a year to educate a child, but we spend $88,000 a year to keep a child locked up. That is unacceptable. Let me repeat that. It costs eight times more money to keep a child in jail than to educate them and prepare them for a good fu-ture. We are not just talking about a few children here. Our country incarcerates five times more children than any other nation in the world. Sadly, two- thirds of these kids will never return to school. When we lock up these chil-dren, we are essentially throwing away 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.053 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2422 May 16, 2016 
the key. Instead of preparing them for a future, we are just getting them ready for a life in a cell. Now, let me be clear, from the mo-ment many of these children are born, they are funneled into the prison pipe-line. Simply put, the system is really stacked against them. For instance, one in three African American children lives in poverty today, while one in four Hispanic children lives in poverty. Mr. Speaker, while Black children represent just 18 percent of preschool enrollment, they account for nearly half of all preschool suspensions. Now, Congresswoman B
EATTY , we are talk-ing toddlers ages 2 to 5. These kids don’t even get a start, let alone a head start. They are being suspended from school. How do you suspend toddlers and ba-bies from school? Something is wrong with this. So we, I must say, in the Appropriations Com-mittee are trying to address this with the Department of Education. This is immoral. When they get older, African Amer-ican students are four times more like-ly to be expelled from school than their White peers for the same offense. More than half of all students who are in-volved in school-related arrests or re-ferred to law enforcement are Black or Latino. This has a lasting effect and impact on young students. Studies show that students who are disciplined by schools are more likely to end up in the juvenile justice system where their chances of returning to school are slim to none. This is unacceptable. These young people are having their futures ripped away before they even have a chance. We need to change the system and end the school-to-prison pipeline. First, we must start by making serious in-vestments in our young people. We should ensure that all students have equal access to high-quality public school education. We must also expand summer youth job opportunities and summer training programs so that our teens have the opportunity to learn workforce skills, contribute to their communities, and start a path to eco-nomic opportunity. As a member of the Subcommittee on Early Childhood, El-ementary, and Secondary Education, we are working to try to make sure that these resources become a priority of our subcommittee, which they, un-fortunately, aren’t at this point. We also need to tear down the insti-tutional racism, quite frankly, that is holding students of color back and trapping our young people in a broken criminal justice system. I am reminded of when I was in the California legislature. I was on the public safety committee, and proposals were brought to us, plans for building prisons 10 to 12 years out for kids who are just starting kindergarten. That is what we had to deal with. Now we see what has happened to the prison indus-trial complex in California. That is why we must work together and pass legislation to end mass incarceration and fix our broken criminal justice sys-tem. We need to get rid of these out-dated minimum sentencing standards. These are relics from the failed war on drugs and disproportionately target people of color. In California, once again, the three strikes law passed. Of course, I opposed that while in the California legislature. This law has incarcerated young Afri-can American men for nonviolent drug offenses 25 years to life. That is 25 years to life for nonviolent drug of-fenses. We need to repeal that law. We also need to make sure that law enforcement officers reflect the diver-sity of communities that they police. So we have introduced H. Res. 262, which supports effective community- oriented policing and encourages great-er diversity in law enforcement. During the last appropriation season, the Congressional Black Caucus worked with Congressman Lacy Clay to direct the Department of Justice to begin collecting training data. Our leg-islation tracks when officers receive training for use of force, racial and eth-nic bias, de-escalation of conflict, and constructive engagement with the pub-lic. This was just a small step, and we need to do more. With regard to reentry, banning the box is essential. We have worked with the White House to try to make sure that Federal contractors ban the box. We haven’t accomplished that, but Federal agencies cannot now ask for one’s criminal history records. In my district, we do expungement, we do record remedies. We have remedied thousands and thousands of young peo-ple who now can go on and move for-ward with their lives. I want to thank the Family Law Center in Oakland, California, for doing that. We need to go back to the drawing board and repeal the welfare reform provisions that are denied for life. There is a Federal ban for food stamps, eligibility for public housing, and Pell grants for those who have been incar-cerated for drug felonies. Now, you know who that targets; primarily Afri-can American and Latino men. They don’t even have a second chance when they get out of jail as a result of these lifetime bans. Finally, let me just say it is time to really look at this problem in a big way and to understand that we have to dismantle, not reform—but we have to dismantle this prison industrial com-plex and start investing in our commu-nities, especially our young children. And we must understand that, in doing this, we have to look at institutional and systemic racism, which is at the core of many of our policies. So this is a fight that we are going to win, but it is going to be because all of us here in the Congressional Black Caucus—Congresswoman B
EATTY , Con-gressman J
EFFRIES , Congressman S
COTT, and Congresswoman J ACKSON  L
EE, and the entire membership—con-tinue to fight the good fight to make sure that finally we will begin to see a real criminal justice system, which it is not right now. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman LEE. When people ask us why are we doing this today, I thank the gentlewoman for reminding us that the system is stacked against us and that we have had the future of so many of our young folks ripped away from them. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from the great State of Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ). She is from the 11th Con-gressional District. She is an attorney. She has served as a former mayor. She is the immediate past chair of the Con-gressional Black Caucus. She is someone who gives us advice. I remember her saying to us: Push the envelope because you are the voice for the voiceless. Look at the legislative issues that will make a difference in the lives of others. So tonight we come to talk about equal justice under the law. Mr. Speak-er, we come to challenge this House. It is my great honor to yield to Con-gresswoman M
ARCIA FUDGE . Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. It is a pleasure to watch my fellow Ohioan and friend and the gentleman from New York on this House floor every Monday night bringing the message of the Con-gressional Black Caucus because in-deed they are the people who carry our message to the United States. Mr. Speaker, the school-to-prison pipeline is robbing far too many chil-dren of productive futures. Instead of learning in classrooms, a large percent-age of our Nation’s at-risk students sit in jail cells. The numbers don’t lie. Black stu-dents are suspended and expelled at a rate three times greater than White students. More than one in four boys of color with disabilities and nearly one in five girls of color with disabilities receives an out-of-school suspension. And studies show that students who are suspended or expelled in school are more likely to end up in prison. Our Nation’s children deserve better. It is time we prioritize education and not incarceration. Comprehensive criminal justice reform must include policies which dismantle the school-to- prison pipeline. We must reauthorize the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act, a bill that funds delin-quency prevention and improvements in State and local juvenile justice pro-grams, supports restorative initiatives, and promotes early intervention. Dis-rupting the pipeline will provide a pathway for a successful future and lessen the burden on our current judi-cial system. The number of people incarcerated in America quadrupled between 1980 and 2008. Of the more than 2.3 million Americans incarcerated today, more than 1 million of them are Black. In my home State of Ohio, more than 50,000 people are incarcerated in a sys-tem that was designed to only hold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.055 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2423 May 16, 2016 
39,000. And on average, States across this Nation spend $30,000 per year to house one inmate. That is at least $19,000 more per year than we spend to educate one child. It is time we get our priorities straight. As ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education, promoting policies that keep our children in school is one of my top priorities. I ask my colleagues: What are yours? Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman F
UDGE for reminding us again of the value and the impor-tance of our work. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is indeed my honor to yield time to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ), who is coanchor of tonight’s Congres-sional Black Caucus Special Order hour. As I said earlier, Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES is not only a scholar, he, too, is an attorney. He is someone who walks the talk. He is someone who has a long history of being a Brother’s Keeper. Mr. Speaker, so tonight, when we dis-cuss this topic, when we talked about the challenge, when we talked about all of the plethora of things that are incorporated in why we must come for-ward tonight to challenge the criminal justice system which is stacked against us and broken, certainly we have heard the disparities as it relates to African Americans. So it is indeed my honor to ask my coanchor, Congressman H
AKEEM  J
EFFRIES , to share with us our chal-lenge. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Ohio, my good friend, the distinguished and dynamic anchor for tonight’s Spe-cial Order, Congresswoman J
OYCE  B
EATTY , for yielding and for her con-tinued leadership and for leading the discussion on the House floor today as it relates the urgency of this Congress and America dealing with the school- to-prison pipeline mass incarceration and the prison industrial complex that so many of my colleagues have ex-plained and exposed here on the House floor today. A few years ago I had a conversation that has always stuck with me in the area of criminal justice when I was speaking to a formally incarcerated in-dividual who spent several years be-hind bars incarcerated in a New York State penitentiary. He has turned his life around and he is now an advocate for criminal justice reform. He said to me on his final day, after being impris-oned for years in upstate New York, that he had a conversation with a high- ranking corrections officer, a super-visor who he had gotten to know and thought he had befriended to some de-gree during his time of incarceration. b2000 On that last day, he said to this young African American incarcerated individual who was on his way out, he said: I just want to thank you. This gentleman was a little per-plexed. He wasn’t sure what he was talking about. He said: I just want to thank you for helping me to get my boat; and beyond that, I want to thank your son, who is going to help my son get his boat as well. That conversation has really haunted me because, in such a powerful and pro-found way, what it captures is the es-sence of what the prison industrial complex represents, which is this deci-sion that was made in so many parts of the United States of America, cer-tainly in New York, by Democrats and Republicans. When the automobile factories and the steel mills, the manufacturing plants began to close in the 1970s and in the 1980s, devastating parts of the upstate economy, a decision was made in place of those factory jobs to build prisons in their place as a means of economic development for depressed upstate communities. But here is the problem. If you build it, someone has got to fill those prisons. In order to fill those prisons, several things have de-veloped which we are in the process of trying to dismantle right now: the school-to-prison pipeline and the crim-inalization of young people, particu-larly in communities of color, where they basically are not given a chance from the very beginning. As a result of being channeled unjustly, often, into the criminal justice system at an early age, they essentially become economic commodities for those who have come to rely on prisons to replace the fac-tory and manufacturing jobs that have left the United States of America. That has been a big problem in New York. It is a problem in other parts of the country. It is a shame here in the United States of America that we have gone from a place where, when the war on drugs began in 1971—President Nixon declared drug abuse public enemy number one—there were less than 350,000 people incarcerated in America. Even when the crime bill that is being heavily debated in the public domain right now was passed in 1994, at the height of the concern about crime here in the United States of America, the incarcerated population was still under 900,000 people. But we have gone from less than 350,000 in 1971 to under 900,000 in 1994 to more than 2.2 million in 2016. The United States has 5 percent of the world’s population and 25 percent of the world’s incarcerated individuals. We incarcerate more people than any other country in the world, and it is shameful. The school-to-prison pipeline is a large part of that dynamic, along with the failed war on drugs. So we are going to have to deal with this situa-tion in a meaningful way. The statistics clearly show that, if you suspend a young person, that indi-vidual—often a Black or Latino boy—is less likely to graduate and complete school and more likely to become en-tangled in the criminal justice system because we have applied an overly pu-nitive approach to discipline, particu-larly in the inner city. Now, in this Chamber, I have seen surprising levels of compassion as it re-lates to dealing with the heroin and opioid crisis that is sweeping across America right now, and I am glad that folks have decided to take a different approach than the approach that was taken in the 1980s with the crack co-caine epidemic that was sweeping across communities that those of us in the Congressional Black Caucus rep-resent. I welcome this newfound compassion. I just hope that you would extend it now not just to the manner in which we deal with the heroin crisis—that is important—but let’s extend it to the overcriminalization that is taking place as relates to young people across America, particularly in Black and Brown communities. I am glad that we have become en-lightened as it relates to moving away from punishment and toward preven-tion and intervention related to the heroin and opioid crisis. Let’s also be-come enlightened in terms of dealing with breaking the school-to-prison pipeline. We will have more to say as we move forward with this discussion, but I know there are other Members who would like to contribute to this hour of power that Representative JOYCE  B
EATTY has brought to the House floor in connection with the CBC Special Order. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman J
EFFRIES for reminding us that the United States makes up less than 5 percent of the world’s popu-lation, yet incarcerates nearly a quar-ter of the global prison population. Thank you for also being on point and reminding us, Mr. Speaker, if we are to reform America’s criminal jus-tice system and advance efforts to break the cycles of incarceration in Af-rican American communities, in low- income communities, then we must unite and make sure that we pass real legislation. Mr. Speaker, can you advise me how much time we have left, please. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Ohio has 12 minutes re-maining. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is indeed my honor to yield to the gentlewoman who hails from the 18th Congressional District of Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Of the many things that this Congress-woman does, she serves on the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, she has been a longtime advocate for reforming the criminal justice system. I refer to her as a strong voice, a strong advocate, and, truly, a scholar. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my appreciation to the gentlewoman from Ohio; the gentleman from New York; and the Members who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.057 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2424 May 16, 2016 
have spoken, including the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ; the former chair, Ms. F
UDGE ; and the ranking member on the Committee on Education and the Workforce, Mr. S
COTT. There could not be a more important topic than the topic that we are speak-ing about tonight. There are moments in history that I think come at times when urgency is the call of the day. It is often said that Dr. King emphasized in his tenure the urgency of moving forward on civil rights and spoke elo-quently about the fact of why we can-not wait. If I might, I want to capture his theme of why we cannot wait to end the school-to-prison pipeline. End it now and begin the whole comprehen-sive approach of criminal justice re-form. Let me take Texas as an example and cite some very important statistics from the Appleseed Report and as well a comment on the work that we are doing in the Committee on the Judici-ary. I am so glad at this moment in history to be the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations and working with the mem-bers of my subcommittee, including Mr. J
EFFRIES , who is a member, Ms. B
ASS, who is a member, and a number of other members as well, on this very difficult hurdle that we have. Let it be very clear that this hurdle of criminal justice reform is, as I heard Mr. J
EFFRIES make mention of, that we have taken hold of this issue of opioids and heroin in a way that not one single bill was passed last week that had a criminal focus, particularly out of the Committee on the Judiciary. Not one bill had mandatory minimums. In the debate last week, on Friday, I reiterated over and over again no man-datory minimums in this legislation. That should be the perfect that we try to achieve going forward on criminal justice reform. But let me give the beginnings of that very tragic outcome in America, filling up the Nation’s prisons, not hav-ing criminal justice but criminal un-fairness. It starts with a path to incar-ceration, which includes in the schools, stops, failing public schools, zero toler-ance and other school discipline, police in school hallways, disciplinary alter-native schools, and court involvement in juvenile detention. All of these are a path for students to incarceration, and it is without understanding what a class C misdemeanor ticket and a trip to court for thousands of Texas stu-dents and their families means. Texas students as young as 6 have been ticketed at school in past years, and it is not uncommon for elementary school students to be ticketed by school-based law enforcement. School- based arrest of students often occurs without prior notice to parents. Police officers in some Texas schools are re-sorting to use of force, measures more commonly associated with fighting street crime: pepper spray, tasers, and trained canines when a schoolyard fight breaks out or when students are misbehaving in a cafeteria or at a school event. This should not be the picture for a 6- year-old or a 4-year-old or an 8-year-old or an 11-year-old or a 13-year-old. This should not be equated with school. Let me read to you part of the Appleseed Report and a quote by Ryan Kellus Turner and Mark Goodner: ‘‘In a little over two decades, a paradigm shift has occurred in the Lone Star State. The misdeeds of children—acts that in the near recent past resulted in trips to the principal’s office, corporal punishment, or extra laps under the su-pervision of a middle school or high school coach . . . ’’ Now, of course, cor-poral punishment will be eliminated from that. What is worse, ‘‘ . . . now result in criminal prosecution, crimi-nal records, and untold millions of dol-lars in punitive fines and hefty court costs being imposed against children ages 10 through 16.’’ ‘‘It is conservatively estimated that more than 275,000 non-traffic tickets are issued to juveniles in Texas each year . . . ’’ And based on the informa-tion from the Texas Office of Court Ad-ministration, the number of non-traffic tickets issued to students may well grossly exceed that number because it was very difficult to get it. ‘‘Texas can interrupt this destructive cycle and prevent the loss of more young people to the ‘school-to-prison pipeline’ through early interventions focused less on punishment and more on cre-ating positive school environments that address students’ academic and behavioral needs.’’ Let me just say that ‘‘police officers in some Texas schools are resorting to ‘use of force.’’’ Now, they are supposed to be there as SROs. SROs are supposed to have educational training. SROs are supposed to be able to have the under-standing of how to deal with coun-seling issues and teaching that is evi-dence based, but here is the problem. The problem is that they are focused more on law enforcement. I am glad to be part of this Special Order tonight that deals with the pipe-line that has started working our chil-dren toward incarceration: over-crowded schools, lack of qualified teachers, inadequate resources, and then the zero tolerance for school dis-cipline of children and the rate of sus-pension having increased dramatically in recent years from 1.7 million in 1974 to 3.1 million in 2000; and it has gone beyond that, and the greatest emphasis has been on children of color. So here is my call to the United States Congress. We have to begin the process of dismantling the school-to- prison pipeline. We have to understand that children can learn. No child is a throwaway. I offer that often in my re-marks in my district. The detention system is an unfair system. I don’t know how many of you realize that when a child is sent to juvie, that child can remain there until they reach the age of 21. How does that happen? Even if their sentence is not as egregious as one might think—a simple misbehavior in school. The way that happens is because in juvenile, you can assess more time on a child without telling that child’s parent because that child did not follow orders or, in es-sence, that child did not behave or that child chewed gum when you told them not to. b2015 We in the Judiciary Committee are working on juvenile justice reform. One of them that I am most concerned about and want to move is ending soli-tary confinement for juveniles, recog-nizing Kalief’s Law, involving the death of one inside the New York pris-on at Rikers Island. The individual in solitary confinement had not been ren-dered guilty yet. And so we want to eliminate putting juveniles in solitary confinement. Be-cause the tragedy, Mr. Speaker, was that that youngster was released, ulti-mately, but after he was released, he, in essence, committed suicide. So I want to close my remarks by in-dicating that I want to turn this sys-tem upside down. I want to make sure that we deal with juvenile justice re-form. I want to ban the box. We have done that in legislation that has not yet passed. I want to make sure that we have alternative sentencing. At the same time, the Judiciary Committee has moved two bills out of committee. I want to see these bills have a vigorous discussion and debate on the floor of the House so that we can move to conference. Time is going by. Let us not let the perfect be, in essence, the downfall of change. H.R. 3713 provides for the re-duction of sentencing for many who are languishing, by law, in prison today in the Federal system. As I have spoken to people across the country, they have indicated that, even though some States like my State of Texas have made enormous, enormous strides—I am proud of that—it has not happened around the country. The bully pulpit of the Federal Gov-ernment can be the most effective tool to moving toward criminal justice re-form and sentencing reduction dealing with felony drug offenses. We are mov-ing toward that point. A vote on the floor of the House and moving toward conference can move our efforts toward legislation that can truly be responsive to both concerns and as well positives that are in that bill. So as we deal with this prison pipe-line, we have to not only talk, we have to do. And when we do, we have to make sure that we respond to the con-cerns, but we also have to make sure that we move legislation that can ulti-mately come out of the Senate and go to conference and make a difference in the lives of so many. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Ohio. I also want to say how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.058 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2425 May 16, 2016 
timely the Congressional Black Caucus is. All that have been crying out, from Black Lives Matter to the Mother of the Movement, say that we need changes dealing with the whole vast-ness of criminal justice reform: police- community relations, police actions, actions dealing with guns, actions deal-ing with the loss of life of our young people. Let’s get a framework that can allow us to debate, to fix, to amend, and to get a product that will ultimately be signed by the President of the United States on behalf of the people of the United States who are crying out for relief. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my col-leagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES (D–NY) and Congresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY (D–OH) who are anchoring this Special Order on Ending the School-to-Prison Pipeline. The over-criminalization of school children in America can no longer be swept under the rug, ignored or irrationally justified. We are in a state of national crisis and it is time to act. Upon taking office, every Member of Con-gress makes a solemn pledge: to protect and defend the American people. This is the most important oath we take as elected officials—and, to honor this promise, we must do everything in our power to stem the School-to-Prison Pipeline in our nation. The three most important concerns for Members of Congress today are No. 1 Chil-dren, No. 2 Children, and No. 3 Children. House Republicans are still unwilling to act to stop the criminalization of our children in schools and instead work towards providing children the opportunity to thrive in American communities. This Congress has a moral obligation to do our part to end the epidemic of losing our chil-dren to the correctional system. Now is the time for Republicans to join Democrats in protecting the lives of America’s youth by taking common sense steps in re-directing those who go astray. Over the past year, several proposals have been introduced to address the need for over-arching reform of our nation’s criminal justice system. Americans must consider the educational environment in which we place our students, from preschool to high school, subjecting them to disciplinary policies that more closely re-semble policing than teaching. Around the country, advocates are collecting data illustrating the devastating effects of what they call the ‘‘school-to-prison pipeline,’’ where student behavior is criminalized, children are treated like prisoners and, all too often, actu-ally end up behind bars. The school-to-prison pipeline refers to inter-locking sets of relationships at the institutional/ structural and the individual levels. All of these policies and practices work to-gether to push our nation’s schoolchildren— youth of color, especially, our most at-risk chil-dren—out of schools and into unemployment and into the juvenile and criminal justice legal systems. This pipeline reflects the prioritization of in-carceration over education. For a growing number of students, the path to incarceration includes the ‘‘stops’’ deterring matriculation such as: 1) Failing Public Schools; 2) Zero-Tolerance and Other School Dis-cipline; 3) Policing School Hallways; 4) Disciplinary Alternative Schools; and 5) Court Involvement and Juvenile Deten-tion. In a little over two decades, a paradigm shift has occurred in the Lone Star State. The misdeeds of children—acts that in the near recent past resulted in trips to the prin-cipal’s office, corporal punishment, or extra laps under the supervision of a middle school or high school coach, now result in criminal prosecution, criminal records, and untold mil-lions of dollars in punitive fines and hefty court costs being imposed against children in ele-mentary and high schools. Disrupting class, using profanity, misbe-having on a school bus, student fights, and truancy once meant a trip to the principal’s of-fice. Today, such misbehavior results in a Class C misdemeanor ticket and a trip to court for thousands of Texas students and their families each year. It is conservatively estimated that more than 275,000 non-traffic tickets are issued to juve-niles in Texas each year. While it is impossible to pinpoint how many of these tickets are issued by campus police, the vast majority of these tickets are issued for offenses most commonly linked to school-re-lated misbehavior—disruption of class, dis-orderly conduct, disruption of transportation, truancy, and simple assaults related to student fights. ‘‘Criminalization’’ of student misbehavior ex-tends to even the youngest students. In Texas, students as young as six have been ticketed at school in the past five years, and it is not uncommon for elementary-school students to be ticketed by school-based law enforcement. School-based arrest of students often oc-curs without prior notice to parents or a lawyer being present during initial questioning of the student. The increase in ticketing and arrest of stu-dents, in Texas and nationwide, has coincided with the growth in school-based policing. Campus policing is the largest and fastest growing area of law enforcement in Texas, ac-cording to its own professional association. With counselors stretched to handle class scheduling and test administration duties, school administrators and teachers are in-creasingly turning to campus police officers to handle student behavior problems. Today in Texas, most public schools have a police officer assigned to patrol hallways, lunchrooms, school grounds, and after-school events. Police officers in some Texas schools are resorting to ‘‘use of force’’ measures more commonly associated with fighting street crime—pepper spray, Tasers and trained ca-nines—when a schoolyard fight breaks out or when students are misbehaving in a cafeteria or at a school event. The intent is to keep schools and students safe, but there can be unintended con-sequences to disciplining public school stu-dents in a way that introduces them to the jus-tice system or exposes them to policing tech-niques more commonly used with adults. Texas can interrupt this destructive cycle and prevent the loss of more young people to the ‘‘school-to-prison pipeline’’ through early interventions focused less on punishment and more on creating positive school environments that address students’ academic and behav-ioral needs. We must seek appropriate recommenda-tions for reform. For most students, the pipeline begins with inadequate resources in public schools. Overcrowded classrooms, a lack of qualified teachers, and insufficient funding for ‘‘extras’’ such as counselors, special education serv-ices, and even textbooks, lock students into second-rate educational environments. This failure to meet educational needs in-creases disengagement and dropouts, in-creasing the risk of later court involvement. Even worse, schools may actually encour-age dropouts in response to pressures from test-based accountability regimes such as the No Child Left Behind Act, which create incen-tives to push out low-performing students to boost overall test scores. Lacking resources, facing incentives to push out low-performing students, and responding to a handful of highly-publicized school shoot-ings, schools have embraced zero-tolerance policies that automatically impose severe pun-ishment regardless of circumstances. Under these policies, students have been expelled for bringing nail clippers or scissors to school. Rates of suspension have increased dra-matically in recent years—from 1.7 million in 1974 to 3.1 million in 2000—and have been most dramatic for children of color. Overly harsh disciplinary policies push stu-dents down the pipeline and into the juvenile justice system. Suspended and expelled children are often left unsupervised and without constructive ac-tivities. They also can easily fall behind in their coursework, leading to a greater likelihood of disengagement and drop-outs. All of these factors increase the likelihood of court involvement. As harsh penalties for minor misbehavior become more pervasive, schools increasingly ignore or bypass due process protections for suspensions and expulsions. The lack of due process is particularly acute for students with special needs, who are dis-proportionately represented in the pipeline de-spite the heightened protections afforded to them under law. Many under-resourced schools become ‘‘pipeline gateways’’ by placing increased reli-
ance on police rather than teachers and ad-ministrators to maintain discipline. Growing numbers of districts employ school resource officers to patrol school hallways, often with little or no training in working with youth. As a result, children are far more likely to be subject to school-based arrests—the majority of which are for non-violent offenses, such as disruptive behavior—than they were a genera-tion ago. The rise in school-based arrests, the quickest route from the classroom to the jail-house, most directly exemplifies the criminal-ization of school children. In some jurisdictions, students who have been suspended or expelled have been com-pletely denied their right to an education. In others, they are sent to disciplinary alter-native schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.060 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2426 May 16, 2016 
Growing in number across the country, these shadow systems—sometimes run by pri-vate, for-profit companies—are immune from educational accountability standards (such as minimum classroom hours and curriculum re-quirements) and may fail to provide meaning-ful educational services to the students who need them the most. As a result, struggling students return to their regular schools unprepared, are perma-nently locked into inferior educational settings, or are funneled through alternative schools into the juvenile justice system. Youth who become involved in the juvenile justice system are often denied procedural protections in the courts. Studies demonstrate that as many as 80 percent of court-involved children do not have lawyers. Students who commit minor offenses may end up in secured detention if they violate boilerplate probation conditions prohibiting them from activities like missing school or dis-obeying teachers. Students pushed along the pipeline find themselves in juvenile detention facilities, many of which provide few, if any, educational services. Students of color, who are far more likely than their white peers to be suspended, ex-pelled, or arrested for the same kind of con-duct at school, and those with disabilities are particularly likely to travel down this pipeline. Though many students are propelled down the pipeline from school to jail, it is difficult for them to make the journey in reverse. Students who enter the juvenile justice sys-tem face many barriers to their re-entry into traditional schools. The vast majority of these students never graduate from high school. Numerous studies have also shown that as many as 70–80 percent of youth involved in the justice system meet the criteria for a dis-ability. We must move away from the engrained culture of criminalization as the answer to our problems. It is no secret that 1 in every 3 black males born today can expect to go to prison at some point in their life, compared with 1 in every 6 Latino males, and 1 in every 17 white males. It is a statistic we know well because it is one that has been reported since 2001 and has remained unchanged for nearly 15 years. It is time we stop repeating and start under-standing and unraveling the fateful 1 in 3 trend that continues to sweep entire generations of young men of color into a lifetime of system-atic and barriers. The United States currently has the largest number of prisoners in the world due to its skyrocketing national imprisonment rate. Rather than investing in premier educational responses, the United States pays the highest cost globally for incarceration. Federal, state, and local leaders are looking for innovative ways to improve public health and public safety outcomes, while reducing the costs of criminal justice and corrections. A number of innovative strategies can save public funds and improve public health by keeping low-risk, non-violent, drug-involved of-fenders out of prison or jail, while still holding them accountable and ensuring the safety of our communities. The Obama Administration is committed to funding and evaluating the long-term effects of these innovative criminal justice and correc-tions interventions. I too call upon my colleagues to come to-gether and pass legislation that will help stop the derailment of children’s lives. Meanwhile, Federal agencies will continue to seek opportunities to expand smart proba-tion and problem-solving court initiatives around the country in collaboration with state, local, and tribal agencies. In recognition of the considerable potential in cost savings, improved outcomes for offend-ers, and improved public safety, a growing number of state and local officials around the country are starting their own promising initia-tives to break the cycle of drug use, crime, and incarceration. Nearly every state is struggling with signifi-cant shortfalls in revenue and making signifi-cant cuts to spending in order to close budget gaps. In making these cuts, many states are fo-cusing attention on corrections spending, one of the fastest growing lines in state budgets over the past two decades. Many states are pursuing a justice reinvest-ment approach, using data to determine what has been driving the growth in the prison pop-ulation and how that growth might be stopped. In addition, small investments have been made in programs designed to reduce recidi-vism. New policies have been enacted, slowing the growth of prison populations or even downsizing corrections systems, saving states hundreds of millions of dollars. A portion of those savings are being rein-vested in community-based services and sup-ports, including substance abuse treatment. However, to have meaningful impact on be-haviors that contribute to crime, recidivism, and substance abuse, states must focus on a handful of proven strategies that will maximize the impact of limited investments being made in the treatment of substance use disorders and community supervision. I am a strong supporter of education and I am particularly sensitive and protective of measures to keep students safe in school. In this same spirit, we must invest in a multi-step, collaborative process that involves the combined efforts of law enforcement, pros-ecutors, influential community members, social services, reentry services, community correc-tions, faith-based organizations, and city man-agement. We have seen too often the horrific abuses of school officers dragging, punching, slap-ping, and more to students. First and foremost school-based law en-forcement personnel need to be removed from the educational setting. And if law enforcement are not removed, they should be required to receive post-certifi-cation training in issues specific to youth, in-cluding: 1) de-escalation and mediation techniques; 2) restraint techniques to be used when force cannot be avoided; 3) signs and symptoms of trauma, abuse and neglect in children and youth, as well as appropriate responses; 4) signs and symptoms of mental illness in children and youth, and appropriate re-sponses; and 5) manifestations of other disabilities, such as autism, and appropriate responses, adoles-cent development, Juvenile law, and Special education and applicable general education law. Prohibit school districts from receiving any revenue from Class C ticketing for truancy or any other offense. Eliminate Disruption of Class and Disruption of Transportation as penal code offenses. Prohibit ticketing of students under the age of 14. Young children are simply not equipped to understand a Class C misdemeanor ticket as a meaningful consequence of misbehavior, and the consequences of court involvement on academic success are too great to allow this practice to continue. Ticketing of older students should be a last resort. Ticketing, arrest and use of force in schools is preposterously reshaping today’s school dis-ciplinary policies disproportionately to actual need. We must acknowledge this epidemic and move to correct the inevitable injustice that fol-lows when our children are derailed from their futures. I thank my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman H
AKEEM  J
EFFRIES (D–NY) and Congresswoman J OYCE  B
EATTY (D–OH) for hosting this Special Order on Ending the School-to-Prison Pipeline. It is an invaluable and much needed effort. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, let me just end by saying that the urgency is now. In the words of Nelson Mandela, ‘‘It always seems impossible until it’s done.’’ Tonight the Congressional Black Caucus says: Let’s get it done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, our children represent the future of our nation. Our future is more promising when our children have a clear path to suc-ceed and have the opportunities to become active members of the community. Over time, a culture of favoring incarceration over edu-cation has become more prominent throughout our society—particularly as it relates to minor-ity and low-income populations. Financial shortfalls at all levels of government are also placing downward pressure on states and mu-nicipalities to cut back on public services and educational or community-based programs in favor of harsh criminalization or incarceration. The result is the ‘‘school-to-prison pipeline,’’ which poses a very real threat to our children and our society. This pipeline refers to harsh policies and practices that cultivate a culture where young individuals are pushed into the juvenile and criminal justice systems through harsh punishments in schools. Inadequate re-sources in public schools, economic instability, zero-tolerance policies, and harsh punish-ments for non-violent offenses are all contrib-uting to the school-to-prison pipeline. As a re-sult, the United States suffers from the largest number of prisoners in the world and the eco-nomic and social burden of the high costs of incarceration. Zero tolerance policies are dangerous to have in our schools. These policies impose extremely severe punishments on students, regardless of the circumstances, which can re-sult in suspension or even expulsion from school. Children of color and students with special needs have experienced a dramatic in-crease in these suspensions and expulsions, which greatly increase their probability of en-tering into the juvenile justice system. Schools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.032 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2427 May 16, 2016 
are also beginning to display an overreliance on law enforcement to maintain discipline through the use of school resource officers. Mr. Speaker, the school-to-prison pipeline is the result of a dangerous precedent being set in our schools. Zero tolerance policies and the overreliance on law enforcement to keep order in our schools not only detracts from the cul-ture of learning we expect in our schools, but also condemns countless children to a life of suffering for making simple mistakes during their youth. Our society will suffer if we con-tinue on this path of forcing children into the criminal justice system and it is time that we considered serious reforms to keep children in our communities and outside the juvenile jus-tice system. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 19 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2120 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 9 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4909, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2017 Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–569) on the resolution (H. Res. 732) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. S
WALWELL of California (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of family health emergency. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 13, 2016, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 4336. To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inurnment in Arling-ton National Cemetery of the cremated re-mains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service. H.R. 4238. To amend the Department of En-ergy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities. f ADJOURNMENT Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, May 17, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL. Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 1887. A bill to amend certain ap-propriation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Serv-ices to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–568). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 732. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–569). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H.R. 5243. A bill making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to strengthen public health activities in re-sponse to the Zika virus, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California): H.R. 5244. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a national memorial and na-tional monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5245. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to prescribe rules to pro-tect consumers from unfair and deceptive acts and practices in connection with pri-mary and secondary ticket sales, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 5246. A bill to remove the Federal claim to navigational servitude for a parcel of land in Texas City, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mr. COSTA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 5247. A bill to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken Cali-fornia and provide for long-term investments in drought resiliency throughout the West-ern United States; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, Science, Space, and Technology, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia (for himself, Mr. D
ENT, and Ms. B ROWN of Florida): H.R. 5248. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of chil-dren of Vietnam veterans born with spina bifida for benefits of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 5249. A bill to direct the NIH to inten-sify and coordinate fundamental, translational, and clinical research with re-spect to the understanding of pain, the dis-covery and development of therapies for chronic pain, and the development of alter-natives to opioids for effective pain treat-ments; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself and Mr. T
AKAI): H.R. 5250. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to reform the HUBZone program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. ESTY (for herself and Ms. D
ELAURO ): H.R. 5251. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit for property owners who remove hazards relat-ing to lead, asbestos, and radon; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 5252. A bill to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mrs. M ILLER of Michi-gan, Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. K
ATKO , and Ms. M CSALLY ): H.R. 5253. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve visa secu-rity, visa applicant vetting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-self, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 5254. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to seniors who install modifications on their residences that would enable them to age in place, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5255. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to permit the Federal Trade Commission to enforce such Act against certain tax-exempt organizations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Aug 02, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\MAY2016\H16MY6.REC H16MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2428 May 16, 2016 
KEATING , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 5256. A bill to enhance the overseas operations of the Department of Homeland Security aimed at preventing terrorist threats from reaching the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ZINKE (for himself and Mr. D
ESANTIS ): H.R. 5257. A bill to provide for a career military justice litigation track for judge advocates in the Armed Forces; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. L
AMALFA: H. Res. 731. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that mandates imposed on manufacturers requir-ing inclusion of unproven and unreliable technology in firearms is costly and puni-tive, and the prohibition of firearms without such features is an infringement on the rights of citizens under the Second Amend-ment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. H AHN, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-sylvania, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. R USH, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. K
USTER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. F
ATTAH , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Mr. M URPHY of Flor-ida): H. Res. 733. A resolution recognizing Na-tional Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster- care system; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H.R. 5243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 18, relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 5246. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 5247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia: H.R. 5248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. CAPPS: H.R. 5249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce, as enumerated by Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 5250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. By Ms. ESTY: H.R. 5251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 5252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sections 1 and 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 5253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 3.: ‘‘To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 5256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 5257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: ‘‘to provide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Ar-mies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 194: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 210: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 244: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 266: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. F
LEMING , and Mr. H UELSKAMP . H.R. 292: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 430: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 448: Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 504: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 592: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 624: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 667: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 711: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 746: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 756: Miss R
ICEof New York and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 842: Mr. B
LUMand Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 879: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 897: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 921: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. K
LINE, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. N
OLAN , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 1122: Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 1185: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 1196: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 1197: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 1220: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1221: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 1274: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 1312: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 1356: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 1460: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 1519: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16MY7.100 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2429 May 16, 2016 
H.R. 1594: Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 1600: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 1718: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 1763: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1814: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1855: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2058: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 2076: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2121: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 2144: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2189: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 2296: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 2315: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2316: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 2350: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. B
EATTY , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2500: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2515: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2694: Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2773: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2802: Mr. T
IBERI . H.R. 2817: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 2903: Mr. H
ECK of Nevada and Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 3099: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3119: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. L AN-
GEVIN . H.R. 3222: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3229: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3284: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 3299: Mr. R
USHand Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 3365: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. C ARNEY . H.R. 3381: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 3526: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3535: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3556: Ms. L
EEand Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3660: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 3666: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3676: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3684: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3693: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 3706: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 3742: Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B UCSHON , Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY . H.R. 3817: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 3870: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 3882: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3883: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 3884: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 3885: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 3929: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 3945: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 3965: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 4062: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 4131: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 4144: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4153: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4172: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4183: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4215: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4230: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4277: Mr. KINDand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4365: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 4450: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4481: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4499: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 4553: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4585: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4606: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4613: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4614: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 4625: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 4640: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4657: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4668: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4683: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 4706: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 4715: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 4764: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4773: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 4775: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 4792: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 4795: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 4797: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 4815: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4828: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. H
UDSON , and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 4848: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 4884: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 4904: Mr. G
OSAR , Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 4928: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4941: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4942: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4979: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 5001: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5008: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 5014: Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 5025: Mr. O
LSON and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 5044: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. E
DWARDS , Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. M ENG, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 5067: Mr. Y
ODER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5073: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5090: Mr. B
ECERRA , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. A
LLEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. K LINE, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. V
ELA, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5119: Mr. FLEMING , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. G IBSON . H.R. 5170: Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 5183: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 5210: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 5218: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5224: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 5226: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B UCK, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B LUM, Mr. W
ALKER , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.J. Res. 89: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.J. Res. 92: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H. Con. Res. 129: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. G RAYSON . H. Res. 28: Mr. S
HUSTER . H. Res. 220: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. F
ATTAH , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H. Res. 263: Mr. L
EVIN, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H. Res. 290: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Res. 343: Mr. M
EADOWS . H. Res. 569: Ms. A
DAMS and Ms. G RAHAM . H. Res. 586: Mr. D
EUTCH . H. Res. 590: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H. Res. 617: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 647: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN . H. Res. 650: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. P
ALLONE . H. Res. 683: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 694: Ms. E
DWARDS and Ms. M ATSUI . H. Res. 729: Mr. H
OYER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  H.R. 5243, making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to strengthen public health activities in re-sponse to the Zika virus, and for other pur-poses, does not contain any congressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tar-iff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. Amendment No. 1 to be offered by Rep-resentative M
ACTHORNBERRY to H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.033 H16MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2797 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 16, 2016 No. 77 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable L
ISA M
URKOWSKI , a Senator from the State of Alaska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, who preserves our Na-tion with the power of Your might, we lift our hearts in praise. We are grate-ful for Your unfailing love and faithful-ness because Your promises are backed by the honor of Your Name. We place our hope in You and remember daily how You have sustained us in the past. Lord, give our Senators the wisdom to trust You in the small things, real-izing that faithfulness with the least prepares them for fidelity with the much. May they trust You to do what is best for America in good times and in bad. Look down from Heaven on the entire human family and give us Your peace. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, May 16, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable LISAMURKOWSKI , a Senator from the State of Alaska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, this week we commemorate National Police Week and pay tribute to the local, State, and Federal law enforce-ment officers who keep our country and our communities safe. We are grateful for their service and for their sacrifice. We benefit from their pledge to serve, protect, and defend. I had the pleasure recently of meet-ing with several officers from Rich-mond, KY, who were in town for the events of police week. I also met with the families of Kentucky police officers who laid down their lives in the line of duty. Tragically, five officers from the Bluegrass State were lost in 2015: on March 5, Lieutenant Clifford Scott Travis of the Bullitt County Detention Center; on March 11, Officer Burke Jevon Rhoads of the Nicholasville Po-lice Department; on June 23, State Trooper Eric Keith Chrisman; on Sep-tember 13, State Trooper Joseph Cam-eron Ponder; and on November 6, Sen-ior Patrol Officer Daniel Neil Ellis of the Richmond Police Department. The names of these five officers, along with the names of hundreds of other brave officers from across the country, have been added to our na-tional monument to law enforcement officers lost in the line of duty—the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. The names of over 500 Ken-tuckians appear on the memorial, and more than 20,000 names from across the country appear in all. That includes the four Capitol police officers we have lost in the line of duty since 1994. The Capitol police recently held a ceremony to honor their fallen officers. It reminds us of the con-tinuing sacrifices of the men and women who stand guard every day at the very heart of our democracy. We are grateful for their service. I am a proud cosponsor of the resolu-tion to recognize National Police Week this year. The resolution recognizes the work of active-duty law enforce-ment officers, the 25th anniversary of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, the 15th anniversary of 9/11, and all the officers lost in the line of duty in 2015. I am also a proud cosponsor of the Fallen Heroes Flag Act. This bill would create a program to provide flags that have been flown over the Capitol to the immediate family members of law en-forcement and public safety officers who were lost in the line of duty. This bill has passed both the House and the Senate and is awaiting the President’s signature. I am also a cosponsor, with my friend the senior Senator from Texas, of the POLICE Act. The POLICE Act would expand COPS grants so that those grants could be used for active-shooter training and to help equip law enforce-ment to respond to events like the San Bernardino shootings. Passing the PO-LICE Act would help give our police of-ficers the training they need to do their jobs more effectively. I am hope-ful we can quickly move to this impor-tant legislation. I am proud to represent Kentucky’s police officers here in the Senate. Law enforcement is very dangerous work. It is also a noble calling, and I am grate-ful for the service of every police offi-cer in Kentucky and across the Nation. I know my colleagues share my deep 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.000 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2798 May 16, 2016 
admiration and respect for police offi-cers everywhere. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. REID. Madam President, I join the Republican leader in recognizing the contributions of law enforcement officers all around this country. I am sorry that they have such a tough job, and I don’t think we appreciate them enough. So I appreciate what the Re-publican leader said. In Nevada, we too have had our share of these awful in-stances where these men and women are killed needlessly. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS AND NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND Mr. REID. Madam President, what we know today is that the Zika virus was first discovered in 1947 in Uganda. It was first detected in monkeys, but in 1947 they also learned that the mos-quito was now carrying this same virus the monkeys had. Initially, we didn’t know or hear much about Zika. But we have heard plenty now, and we are going to hear a lot more. Researchers named the virus Zika be-cause that is where the mosquito car-rying the virus was discovered, in the Zika Forest of Uganda, as I mentioned. The Ugandan term ‘‘zika’’ means ‘‘overgrown.’’ So these mosquitoes with this virus were discovered in an overgrown forest in Uganda. Now, seven decades later, Zika is an inter-national emergency, and countries are scrambling to address the problems created by this mosquito that bites. What I have learned is that there is more than one type of mosquito; there are two. Already Zika-carrying mosquitoes have transmitted the disease to Amer-ican citizens in Puerto Rico and other United States territories. Soon, mos-quitoes carrying this virus will be bit-ing and infecting people in the conti-nental United States. That is not hy-perbole. It is going to happen. Zika- carrying mosquitoes won’t be limited to the gulf coast. Madam President, look at this map. You can’t see it very well on this, but you can see the discoloration here, the original coloring that we have. We have the blue, and we have the orange and the gray. Now, I was really sur-prised. I thought this would really be in the subtropical climates here in the United States, in the southern part of our country. I thought that is where it would be, but you can see that is not the case. Nevada is here, and Las Vegas is here. There are over 2 million people living there. It is all over the United States. Boulder, CO, is up here. Puerto Rico and Hawaii are here. This map is from the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, and it shows the estimated range of the two types of Zika-carrying mosquitoes. Areas of this map, as I have indicated, are three in color and cover 39 States. Most of these States, as I have indi-cated, don’t have subtropical weather. Nevada, Colorado, Wisconsin, Ohio, Kentucky, New Hampshire, and Maine are listed. Health officials are desperate to stop Zika, this devastating virus that has been around so long but it was not known to carry all the many problems it now carries. It causes birth defects and other deadly conditions. Last week, a report on NPR described what Zika does to the brain as it be-gins to grow. This is one condition: As the brain . . . starts to grow, it creates pressure, which pushes on the skull and causes it to grow. But if something stops brain growth—such as [the Zika] virus—pres-sure on the skull drops. And the skull can collapse down onto the brain. 
Two weeks ago we had people come to explain this to my caucus, and they described these skulls that just col-lapse. But Zika isn’t only linked to birth defects. As I have indicated, the virus is also associated with a nervous system disorder that can result in pa-ralysis, among other problems. Yet, in spite of all the devastating impacts of Zika, I am sorry to say, the Republicans in Congress don’t see this virus as an urgent issue. Months ago, President Obama requested almost $2 billion to fight Zika, and for the same months the Republicans have refused to give the money America needs to fight this crisis. The best time to deal with any crisis is before it is here, but Republicans have dragged their feet. We should have passed an emergency spending bill months ago—months ago. We need to address Zika in the territories and give States and local governments the re-sources they are begging for. Last Thursday, appropriators filed an amendment that would provide $1.1 bil-lion in Zika funding. That simply is not enough. This isn’t about negoti-ating an arbitrary number made up by lawmakers. Our public health officials have made it clear they need that money. Senate Republicans are giving our government half of what it needs to fight this ravaging virus. This is be-yond reckless. House Republicans are even doing less. The chairman of the House Committee on Appropriations last week said that Republicans are working on a Zika funding measure, but what House Republicans are pro-posing is even less than about half of the already low $1.1 billion amendment from Senate appropriators. Republicans are trying to haggle as if this is some sort of bidding war. That is not how Congress should react to a potentially disastrous health crisis. We know what is going on in Puerto Rico. We know. Because of Republicans’ re-fusal to lift a finger to help fight the Zika crisis, the administration was forced to use Ebola funds in order to fight Zika now. They had to take about $510 million that was set aside specifi-cally for Ebola. Two years ago, America was afraid of Ebola. Ebola is still a killer, and we in-vested in supporting public health in-frastructures to prevent future out-breaks like the one we saw, as I indi-cated, 2 years ago. We need to replenish these monies so we can continue to work on vaccines and other things, but Republicans are standing in the way. It is really a sad commentary on Re-publicans that when asked for emer-gency funding to protect millions of Americans, they respond by offering half of what is needed. This is in a spending bill, and then we have to go to the House and have a conference. In the meantime, people are begging for this money. Republicans should be ashamed that we aren’t doing every-thing in our power to protect the American people from this virus now. We should have an emergency spending bill on the floor now. If it were a flood or a fire that occurred, we would have been here. It is just too bad because this is a crisis that is already here. It is not an emerging crisis. It is here. Madam President, last week, the Re-publican leader came to the floor and here is what he said: ‘‘We have elec-tions in this country right on time, and that is not an excuse not to do our work.’’ Again: ‘‘We have elections in this country right on time, and that is not an excuse not to do our work.’’ That is what Senator M
CCONNELL  said. So I say to my friend from Ken-tucky: I agree. Elections are no excuse not to do our work. So Senate Repub-licans should do their job and give Su-preme Court nominee Merrick Garland a hearing and a vote. There is clearly no question that Merrick Garland is experienced and qualified to be a nominee. He is the nominee, and he has the expertise to go along with what a Supreme Court nominee should have. Throughout his decades as a prosecutor and judge, Mr. Garland has proven himself to be com-mitted to the rule of law and following it. That is more than I can say for my Republican colleagues who, by refusing to consider this nominee, are rejecting their constitutional duties. The Republican leader needs to prac-tice what he preaches. He says that elections shouldn’t interfere with our Senate duties. He should prove it. The Republican Senators should prove that. Put aside Presidential elections, put aside Donald Trump, put aside all the phony excuses, and give Merrick Gar-land the consideration he deserves. Study Judge Garland’s questionnaire; it is here. Analyze his record; it is here. Give him a hearing and send his nomi-nation to the floor now. As the Republican leader put it, ‘‘We have elections in this country right on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.001 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2799 May 16, 2016 
time, and that is not an excuse not to do our work.’’ That is absolutely right. I would ask the Republicans to do their job. Madam President, on the Zika mat-ter, I would add the following: ‘‘The news from the House virtually guaran-tees that the Republican Congress will provide too little aid, too late to ad-dress the looming Zika crisis.’’ The way things are going around here, the appropriations bills are not going to be finished until right before the end of this fiscal year, late Sep-tember. The crisis will long have ar-rived and we will be talking about cases that exist in the continental United States. It is wrong to wait. I don’t see anyone here on the floor, so I would ask the Chair to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 4:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, 3 months ago President Barack Obama asked this Congress for funding to ad-dress a public health emergency: com-bating the Zika Virus. I am pleased that this week, 14 weeks after his re-quest, we are going to respond. We are not responding in full. The President asked for $1.9 billion to address this se-rious public health challenge. We are not responding without some theatrics and posturing first, but we are going to vote on some amendments this week, and it is about time. It has been 14 weeks since representa-tives from the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health testified at the Senate Appropriations Committee on the dire need for immediate action to combat the Zika virus. I visited the Centers for Disease Con-trol about 14 weeks ago. By then, they had been able to verify that the tissue samples from miscarriages and other serious health problems coming in from Brazil were linked to the Zika Virus. So there was no question that these mosquitoes carrying this virus had serious public health con-sequences—so serious that the Centers for Disease Control dedicated 1,000 staffers to deal with this issue. That was about 12 or 14 weeks ago. The President used his authority to come to Congress and say: We have a public health emergency; treat it like it is an emergency. Here we are 14 weeks later getting around to dis-cussing it. When I think back in times of Amer-ican history when Congress has been called on to respond to an emergency, there have been amazing examples where partisanship was set aside and people said: In the interest of America, we need to act and act now. Whether we are talking about mobilizing for a war, whether we are talking about re-sponding to terrorism, we have done it. We can do it. This time we have failed. We have failed for 14 weeks. In that pe-riod of time, 1,200 Americans in 44 States, Washington, DC, and 3 U.S. ter-ritories, including over 110 pregnant women, have contracted Zika. Six more have contracted Guillain-Barre, an autoimmune disorder that can cause paralysis and death. Recently, the first Zika-caused death and the first Zika- related microcephaly cases were re-ported in Puerto Rico. In my State of Illinois, 16 people have tested positive for Zika, including at least 3 pregnant women. Over the past few months, we have learned more about Zika and how dan-gerous it can be. We now know it is carried by two types of mosquitoes. We now know it is linked to serious neuro-logical damage and birth defects in children. We now know it can be sexu-ally transmitted. We also know that the mosquitoes carrying the Zika virus thrive in the warm summer months, which is why this action should have been taken long ago and must be taken this week. The best way to fight a public health threat such as Zika is to have a strong, stable public health infrastructure in place. That is what the President asked for. That means reliable and stable funding year after year. Our public health agencies have to be viewed as the first line of defense, just as we view the Pentagon as the first line of defense when it comes to mili-tary and terrorist threats. Our public health agencies are the first line of de-fense when we are speaking of Ebola, the Zika virus, and a variety of other challenges that could literally threat-en the health and lives of innocent Americans. We must ensure robust and stable funding for agencies like the Centers for Disease Control. These invasive problems can pop up at any time. We can’t rally to each and every occur-rence after it happens; we have to be prepared. The Centers for Disease Con-trol is not only the best, it is the best in the world, but it cannot operate without adequate funding. The National Institutes of Health is working on a vaccine right now to pro-tect all of us from the Zika virus. That is the answer, but it takes time—a year. We should have been moving on it sooner. We must provide critical resources to the Food and Drug Administration. Their reviewers are responsible for en-suring that any Zika treatments or vaccines are safe and effective, and in order to ensure the safety of those vac-cines and treatments, they have to be clinically tested. For years we have heard congres-sional Republicans rail against Federal spending and even embrace the notion of a sequester—a blind across-the-board cut. Case in point: Over the past few months, we have heard Republicans protest, stall, and push back on pro-viding funding to help combat the Zika virus. There have been a variety of ex-cuses for their delay, but the outcome has always been the same: We have lost time in responding to this public health emergency. For years, those of us on this side of the aisle have been arguing that this approach—one of starving funding and endless delays—is shortsighted and ir-responsible. Yes, we must be good stew-ards of the taxpayers’ dollars, but I would argue that there is no better use of the taxpayers’ dollars than invest-ments in public health—investments in the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control, and the Food and Drug Administration. These are investments that prepare our Na-tion for the unforeseen, such as Zika or Ebola, but they are also investments that help us prepare for the foreseen situations that Americans face every day, such as Alzheimer’s, cancer, Par-kinson’s, and diabetes. That is why I introduced the American Cures Act— legislation that would provide our Fed-eral health research agencies reliable and robust funding increases every year into the future. We are not going to win a war against Zika, Ebola, Alzheimer’s, or cancer if our response is tepid, delayed, watered down, or subject to the whims of political fate. Big budget cuts make a good talking point in a speech some-where, but the results can be dev-astating. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on the Senate Ap-propriations Committee to find a path forward to address the funding of these critical Federal health agencies. There is more to do, and we must do it to-gether. If we don’t do it together, we will pay a heavy price. This week we will take up the issue. We will be voting on three Zika-related amendments this week. The first, of-fered by Senator N
ELSON of Florida, is one that I fully support. It would fulfill the President’s request by providing the $1.9 billion in needed funding to en-sure an immediate and comprehensive response to Zika. We need to treat this public health emergency like a public health emergency. Senator N
ELSON ’s amendment would ensure that the CDC has the money they need to support States in conducting surveillance, vec-tor control, emergency communica-tions, and research. It would ensure that the National Institutes of Health has the money to develop this vaccine, and it would ensure that USAID has the money they need to build up a global health response to Zika. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.003 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2800 May 16, 2016 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Nelson amendment. It would provide the United States, as well as pregnant women in many affected countries, with the very best chance of mini-mizing the damage done by the Zika virus. Let’s not be penny wise and pound foolish. Cutting back on this money for pregnant women and run-ning the risk that a baby is born with a lifetime of medical challenges and ex-penses is not a way to save money; it is a disaster for the family and a disaster for our budget. Then comes the second amendment, offered by Senator C
ORNYN of Texas. This is a misguided amendment. I urge my colleagues to defeat it. Senator C
ORNYN ’s amendment would provide a portion of the funding needed to ade-quately respond to the Zika virus. He picked the number $1.1 billion and said: Let’s take the money out of the Pre-vention and Public Health Fund for America—money that is currently being invested to deal with other health challenges around our country. In order to deal with the Zika virus, Senator C
ORNYN would take money away from other efforts to keep Ameri-cans healthy. The prevention fund accounts for 12 percent—nearly $900 million—of the Centers for Disease Control’s core pub-lic health efforts, such as lead poi-soning prevention, breast and cervical cancer screening, and tobacco preven-tion and control. Think about that for a second. Senator C
ORNYN of Texas wants to take the money out of those areas—legitimate public health con-cerns—and put it in Zika. He is going to move some of the pieces around on the chessboard in the hope of moving the right one. Sadly, it will endanger innocent people. There is something else to be consid-ered. His amount is $1.1 billion, and the President asked for $1.9 billion. For some reason, Senator C
ORNYN believes that we can reduce the threat of the Zika virus by 40 percent on the floor of the Senate. I don’t buy it. This is a public health emergency. Reducing the funding for it from what the President requested by 40 percent is playing Rus-sian roulette with innocent lives across America and around the world. Senator C
ORNYN ’s amendment cuts base funding that would ordinarily be provided to the Centers for Disease Control. We are also dealing with lead poi-soning issues across America, which was yesterday’s front-page story in the Chicago Tribune. All of the lead testing around my State of Illinois finds that areas you wouldn’t dream of—the sub-urbs of Chicago, including some of the wealthier suburbs of Chicago—sadly have too much lead in the water. We know that after what happened in Flint, we have to take it seriously. The impact on innocent children is obvious. Cutting back on funding for that to pay for the Zika virus is robbing Peter to pay Paul. Lastly, we have an amendment that will be offered by Senator B
LUNT . It is like Senator CORNYN ’s approach in that it would only provide $1.1 billion, and I take exception to that number. As I said, it is 40 percent less than what the President believes is needed for this emergency, but it would not cut the money out of the prevention fund, so that is a positive thing to say about the Blunt amendment over the Cornyn amendment. This amendment is an im-provement, but still, it is important for us to adequately fund public health de-fense for innocent Americans. When Dr. Frieden of the CDC tells us how much the CDC needs to fight Zika, I trust the doctor. I do not believe we should second-guess his approach, and I don’t believe we should provide the Centers for Disease Control with less money than what Dr. Frieden says is needed. That said, I appreciate that Senator B
LUNT is trying. I hope the initial amendment by Sen-ator N
ELSON passes. That is the respon-sible amendment to deal with the pub-lic health emergency. We have seen Zika coming for months. We had the administration’s detailed, comprehensive plan of action sitting up here for over 3 months. The time to act is way overdue. It is my hope that the Senate will fi-nally approve Zika funding this week and that House Republicans will stop their stalling as well and get to work and do the same. We have lost enough time already. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The Senator from Alabama. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I wish to share some remarks and ask unani-mous consent that I be allowed such time as I may consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ap-preciate Senator D
URBIN ’s comments, and I believe there is clear bipartisan support for dealing with the Zika virus. And something will be done on that, but make no mistake—there is a dis-agreement, and our colleagues on the Democratic side, as they always do, just want to add whatever new expense comes up during the year to the deficit of the United States of America. There are many ways we can save money to pay for new expenditures, and that is what Senator C
ORNYN is talking about. He wants to have it paid-for so we don’t add more debt. You say: How can that be? Well, we are already in debt. This year we borrowed approximately $540 billion to fund the government. We spent $4 trillion and we borrowed $540 billion of that. That is a very large number. It is unsustainable, and it is getting worse. We have to start paying for things that we want to do around here and make some choices and set some prior-ities. That is the entire dispute about this matter, if you want to know the truth about it. There is no way we can’t find the money to fund this Zika challenge—sufficient funds to do that— within the spending we already have. NOMINATION OF PAULA XINIS  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I wish to speak in opposition to the nomina-tion of Paula Xinis to the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. By all accounts, she is a nice person and has a number of admirers. I don’t ques-tion her integrity. I had an exchange with her at the Judiciary Committee hearing when she came before the com-mittee. I think this nominee has per-haps the most hostile record toward police of any I have seen in a long time. Her background is troubling to me, and I believe it justifies us not al-lowing her to have a lifetime appoint-ment where she is unaccountable to anyone as she conducts her daily duties involving, on a very frequent basis, the appearance of police before her in criminal cases of all kinds. She would even hear cases against police officers for misconduct that may come before her over her career. I was a prosecutor for almost 15 years in Federal court before Federal judges. I was blessed to appear before Federal judges of high quality who gave the prosecutor a fair trial and gave the de-fendant a fair trial, and that is what we are looking for. I am aware of a lot of Federal judges who have a clear bias against law enforcement and have made the communities less safe, made prosecuting a nightmare, and I don’t believe it is good for the legal system. There is nothing you can do about it. A judge can declare that the evidence is insufficient to convict on his or her own motion which nobody can appeal. That is the final word even though a jury, had they been able to hear the case, might have found otherwise. Yesterday was Peace Officers Memo-rial Day, and this week is Police Week. We take special occasion each year to remember the service and sacrifice of law enforcement officers and their in-dispensable role in ensuring law and order in our cities and towns through-out the country. Too often when something goes wrong on the streets today, the media is quick to point their fingers at the police, and that is why we have an im-partial justice system—so that the facts can come out in open court. In my experience, when those facts do come out—and I have had the duty of prosecuting police officers—many more times than not, we learn that the po-lice did everything they could accord-ing to the procedures and that the complaints we heard about in the media and through others are not accu-rate. That is what the facts show us time and time again. It is critical that we have judges who respect the rights of the accused but also respect the role of law enforce-ment and the dangers they face on a daily basis. We have a nominee for the Federal court in Maryland before us, and every police officer in the country needs to know where she stands and how she ap-proaches the duties, responsibilities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.006 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2801 May 16, 2016 
and requirements of the police and how she approaches law enforcement. Will she give them a fair hearing? Aren’t they entitled to that? Ms. Paula Xinis worked as a Federal public defender for the District of Maryland for 13 years; that is, she was on a paid defender’s staff who defended the criminals who were being pros-ecuted in Federal court, those accused for a whole lot of crimes. There is nothing wrong with that. It is a per-fectly honorable profession, and I cer-tainly want to emphasize that. For 6 of those 13 years, she simultaneously served as a complaint examiner in the Office of Police Complaints for the Dis-trict of Columbia here in DC. During the course of her work there, she heard complaints against police officers for conduct as part of their duties. She heard six complaints, and in every one of those cases, every single one, she found against the police officers. It troubled me, and I asked her some questions about it. In one of the cases, an officer arrested a man who was loi-tering amidst a group of individuals outside a grocery store while talking on his cell phone. When he was asked to move along, he refused to do so. Then the man became belligerent and repeatedly swore and cursed at the po-lice officer. The officer eventually ar-rested the man for disorderly conduct. On the panel, Ms. Xinis concluded that the police had harassed the man and found the police officer guilty of mis-conduct. When I asked her about this decision at her confirmation hearing in the Ju-diciary Committee, she said she didn’t even know what consequences this finding might have on the career of a police officer as a result of having this on their record. In 2011, Ms. Xinis began work with her current 11-attorney law firm in Baltimore, where she focuses her prac-tice emphasis on lawsuits against the police. According to her firm’s Web site, she and two of her colleagues re-cently settled a $5 million police bru-tality lawsuit. Notably, her firm also represented the family of Freddie Gray, Jr., the 25-year-old man who was ar-rested on April 12, 2015, for possessing an illegal switchblade and who subse-quently tragically died in police cus-tody, causing riots in Baltimore, if my colleagues recall. On September 8, 2015, the suit against the city and the police department, in which her firm rep-resented the plaintiff, settled for $6.4 million. This may have been a totally justi-fied settlement. I certainly believe that any death in the custody of a po-lice officer by any accused is entitled to and requires a thorough investiga-tion. But in a big city like Baltimore, when there is civil unrest and huge public attention, cities are under polit-ical, if not legal, pressure to reach some sort of financial settlement. This was a tragic case. The details were dis-puted. But it appears that some of the facts were not clear, certainly. The point is, Ms. Xinis has built a ca-reer of dealing with lawsuits against police and police departments and deal-ing with complaints against the police. In every complaint case she heard, she ruled against the police, which, frank-ly, makes me uneasy, as it does many law enforcement officers. When a law-yer sits as a complaint examiner in a case involving alleged police mis-conduct, the examiner—the judge, al-most, in that case—should know and understand the reality of police work and what our people have to do every day to defend us from crime. I asked her about her findings that the arrest of a loud, cursing loiterer outside a store was police harassment. In other words, the cursing loiterer was OK, but the police officer was wrong. I would think that someone who has spent their entire professional career in this arena would be familiar with some of the concepts and procedures in policing in cities around the country today. For example, broken windows polic-ing is well known. I think most people know what broken windows policing is. It is a short-hand way to describe a policy that originally grew and became predominant in New York City under Mayor Rudy Giuliani, and many be-lieve it saved New York City. Crime was surging, disorder was about, the city’s financial status was at risk, and they started a systematic smart meth-od of policing, and the murder rate is less than half of what it was in New York City. The entire city has been transformed. So here she is judging police officers about how to handle confrontations on the street and how to make our com-munities safer. Shouldn’t she know about these things? Broken windows policing suggests that when law enforcement consist-ently enforces the law in cases involv-ing minor crimes—not just big crimes but even minor crimes—that consist-ency helps to prevent major crimes. It is proven to work. It is a major trend. Virtually every city in America does it. Yes, we have people who are out on the streets causing trouble or risks, and they get their backs up and com-plain when anybody says anything to them. Police officers have to use judg-ment. But this police officer, to me, did what one would normally expect him to do. He certainly didn’t need to be charged and convicted of harassment. Her statement that she did not know what ‘‘broken windows’’ was and was not familiar with it I think evidenced a real lack of understanding. There is concern about this appoint-ment by people who have to deal with this every day. Here is a letter from the Fraternal Order of Police, the Bal-timore City lodge, signed by Lieuten-ant Gene Ryan, President. Again, this is the Baltimore City Fraternal Order of Police: 
On behalf of almost 5,000 members of the Baltimore City Fraternal Order of Police, Lodge #3, I write this letter in extreme oppo-sition to the appointment of Paula Xinis as a United States District Judge in the Fed-eral District Court system. While on paper, Ms. Xinis appears to be a highly qualified criminal attorney, our mem-bership is urgently concerned about her obvi-ous disdain for the law enforcement profes-sion as expressed time and again through the various court appearances in which she has represented citizens claiming harm caused by police personnel. In fact, her current part-nership in the Baltimore firm of Murphy, Falcon, & Murphy itself is of concern as this is a firm well known in our area for hostility toward our profession and our members and, as a result, we question the ability of Ms. Xinis to remain impartial in any Federal cases involving law enforcement. Senators, we respectfully request that you give consideration to our request to deny the appointment of Paula Xinis to the Federal bench at this time. I also have a letter from the Mary-land State Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police, President Ismael Vin-cent Canales. He writes: 
As President of the Maryland Fraternal Order of Police and on behalf of over twenty- thousand active and retired law enforcement officers throughout the State of Maryland, I respectfully request that members of the U.S. Senate vote unfavorably on the appoint-ment of Paula Xinis as a Judge to the United States District Court of Maryland. I believe that Ms. Xinis at this time fails to have the requisite temperament and abil-ity to be fair and impartial on matters that directly affect law enforcement. 
And he goes on. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that these two letters be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE , B
ALTIMORE CITYLODGE NO. 3, Baltimore, MD, May 16, 2016. T
OALLMEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES  S
ENATE : On behalf of the almost 5,000 mem-bers of the Baltimore City Fraternal Order of Police, Lodge #3, I write this letter in ex-treme opposition to the appointment of Paula Xinis as a United States District Judge in the Federal District Court system. While, on paper, Ms. Xinis appears to be a highly qualified criminal attorney, our mem-bership is urgently concerned about her obvi-ous disdain for the law enforcement profes-sion as expressed time and again through the various court appearances in which she has represented citizens claiming harm caused by police personnel. In fact, her current part-nership in the Baltimore law firm of Murphy, Falcon & Murphy itself is of concern as this is a firm well known in our area for hostility toward our profession and our members and, as a result, we question the ability of Ms. Xinis to remain impartial in any Federal cases involving law enforcement. Senators, we respectfully request that you give consideration to our request to deny the appointment of Paula Xinis to the Federal Bench at this time, and any time In the fu-ture. Most sincerely, L
T. GENERYAN, President, Baltimore City Fraternal Order of Police, Lodge #3. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.007 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2802 May 16, 2016 
MARYLAND STATE LODGE , F
RATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE , Baltimore, MD, May 16, 2016. Hon. J
EFFSESSIONS , Senate Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR JEFF SESSIONS : As Presi- dent of the Maryland Fraternal Order of Po-lice, and on behalf of the over twenty-thou-sand active and retired law enforcement offi-cers throughout the State of Maryland, I re-spectfully request that the members of the United States Senate vote unfavorably on the appointment of Paula Xinis as a Judge to the United States District Court of Mary-land. After careful review and consideration, I believe that Ms. Xinis at this time fails to have the requisite temperament and ability to be fair and impartial on matters that di-rectly affect law enforcement. Based on prior and recent experience, Ms. Xinis has shown a clear bias towards law enforcement which began in her position as a complaint exam-iner in the Office of Police Complaints for the District of Columbia and culminated with her involvement in the civil suit sur-rounding the Freddie Gray Case in Baltimore City, MD. Ms. Xinis is clearly a consummate advocate which we commend her for. How-ever, at this time, I do not believe that she has displayed throughout her professional career a sufficient ability to equitably apply the law. It is for these reasons that I respectfully request that the Senate vote unfavorably on the appointment of Paula Xinis to the United States District Court of Maryland. Sincerely, V
INCE CANALES . 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, Fed-eral judges decide cases every day that have a significant real world impact on our criminal justice system—some-times good, sometimes bad. Let me point out this case. It gives an insight into the kinds of things I saw every day as a prosecutor, and it is happening every day right now in courts all over America. Here is the case before United States District Judge Royce C. Lamberth. He denied a request by the prosecutor for early release of two top associates of Rayful Edmond III, a notorious drug kingpin in Washington, DC. I think they made a movie about him or a film about him, one of the most notorious gang leaders around. The Washington Post described Judge Lamberth’s as-tonishment when the U.S. Attorney did not object to the drug felon’s request for early release. Quote: 
The judge rebuked the Office of acting United States attorney Vincent H. Cohen Jr., of the District, saying prosecutors did not give due weight to the criminal history of Butler, 52, the Los Angeles-based cocaine broker and partner of D.C. drug lord Rayful Edmond III, and Jones, 58, one of four top armed enforcers of Edmond’s violent traf-ficking network. The group imported as much as 1,700 pounds of Colombian cocaine a month. 
That is almost a ton a month. That is the largest amount I have ever seen. I thought the biggest case I had ever seen was 600 pounds flown in on about 20 plane loads over several months. This is 1,700 pounds a month. 
Edmond’s organization enabled drug addic-tion on a scale that until then ‘‘was unprece-dented and largely unimaginable’’ in Wash-ington, Lamberth wrote, and the harm the defendants caused ‘‘is immeasurable and in many cases irreversible.’’ ‘‘To put it bluntly, the court is surprised and disappointed by the United States Attor-ney’s decision to not oppose the present mo-tions,’’ Lamberth said. Quote: 
‘‘The court struggles to understand how the government could condone the release of Butler and Jones, each convicted of high- level, sophisticated and violent drug traf-ficking offenses.’’ 
So that is a Federal judge doing their duty. I am not sure where Ms. Xinis would be on this. Contrast that with many courts across the country that are currently rubberstamping motions for early re-lease for Federal drug trafficking fel-ons under the Sentencing Commis-sion’s reductions to the sentencing guidelines that have already occurred and that are impacting the prison pop-ulation significantly, as we will see. That is according to an October 2015 ar-ticle in the Los Angeles Times entitled ‘‘The face of the federal prison release: A heavy dose of meth, crack, and co-caine.’’ This is what the article says: 
A federal analysis of the expected impact of the first wave of those approved for early release shows 663 prisoners from California had filed for shorter sentences as of late July. Federal judges denied 92 of them. 
It looks as though six out of seven were granted. According to an October 2015 article regarding offenders released in the Pittsburgh area, the U.S. Attorney’s Office there ‘‘erred on the side of grant-ing’’ the motions. So the U.S. attorney’s office is not defending the legitimate, original sen-tence that was imposed. They walk in and just don’t—if there is any doubt about it, they just go along with the prisoner’s request. According to a November 2015 article entitled ‘‘Upstate NY gang members on secret list of 6,000 freed early from pris-on,’’ it is happening in New York too. Quote: 
In the Northern District of New York, the [Court, prosecutors, and defense attorneys] agreed on the eligibility of almost all of the inmates, and disagreed on only five cases that became subject to litigation. . . . Of those five cases, a judge ordered early re-lease for three and rejected one. A fifth case is pending. 
So out of all the cases, only one was rejected. Judges have a duty to make sure that they—they don’t have to take every-thing the prosecutor says. The pros-ecutor sometimes asks for a higher sentence than a judge wants to give, but a judge is equally required to reject a prosecutor’s failure to oppose un-justified reductions. This is, frankly, President Obama’s policy, and the policy of the Attorney General, whom he has appointed—Lo-retta Lynch and Eric Holder before her—basically to cut people’s sentences that have been lawfully imposed throughout this country. In my opin-ion, it is impacting public safety and will continue to do so in the future. Judges must protect the rights of the accused, absolutely, and give them a fair hearing, as they are required to do, but they must give the people, the po-lice, and the prosecutor the right to a fair trial also. These kind of cases cause concern about who is protecting the public. Would Judge Xinis be more likely to follow the pattern of Judge Royce Lamberth in saying no or go along with these other cases? Over the past year, our law enforce-ment officers across the country have been shot at, assaulted, and murdered, too often simply because they wear a badge. Last year we lost 123 police offi-cers—35 in the first 4 months of 2016. Violent crime and murders have in-creased across the country at alarming rates. Let me share with my colleagues some of the things we are seeing in trends in violent crime. Recently, the Major Cities Chiefs Police Association, a long-established group, called an emergency meeting to deal with the numbers I am going to share with you today. The numbers I will quote rep-resent the percentage of increase in total murders in the first quarter of this year, 2016, over the first quarter of 2015: Las Vegas, 82 percent increase; Dallas, TX, 73 percent increase; Chi-cago, 70 percent; Jacksonville, FL, 67 percent; Newark, NJ, 60 percent in-crease; Miami-Dade, 38 percent; Los Angeles, 33 percent; Atlanta, 20 per-cent; Baltimore, 10 percent. These are substantial increases in crime. The FBI Director, Mr. Comey, a long- term experienced law officer, who served at the top of the Department of Justice as a prosecutor, recently said he believes the pushback on police offi-cers—this trend of attacking and blam-ing police officers—has caused some drawback and reluctance of police offi-cers to take on situations like the guy at the store standing out front that was cursing the police officer. Properly handled, those kinds of things reduce crime. They help violence not to start. Once it gets started, bad things can happen. Oftentimes, somebody gets killed. It is not like on television where somebody punches somebody and they get up and walk away and laugh about it. A good punch breaks teeth, jaws, and can kill. This increase in murder rates is significant, and we have to be aware of it. Lives are at stake, many innocent people. If we get off the right path, we will lose lives as a result of criminal conduct. Think about some of the cases, such as that of Kate Steinle in California, who was out with her father and was murdered by an illegal immigrant who had been deported multiple times. Judges have to know this isn’t a game. We don’t want to put anybody in jail, but if we don’t maintain order in cities, chaos can result, innocent people will die, and prosperity will be reduced. According to the FBI statistics re-leased just this year, the number of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.004 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2803 May 16, 2016 
violent crimes committed across the country was up in the first half of 2015 compared to the same period of 2014. The number of murders, rapes, as-saults, and robberies were up all over the first 6 months of 2015. There was a 6.2-percent increase in murder. Violent crime across America rose 5.3 percent in large cities, and overall violent crime increased 1.7 percent, an increase that followed two consecutive years of decline. In my judgment, what I am seeing is this is a long-term trend. I think we will continue to see this increase. I wish it weren’t so, but I am afraid it is. According to statistics released Friday by the Major Cities Chiefs Police Asso-ciation, the number of homicides in-creased in the first months of 2016 in more than two dozen major cities. The Washington Post reports ‘‘the numbers were particularly grim for a handful of places—Chicago, Los Angeles, Dallas and Las Vegas—where the numbers of homicides increased in the first three months of 2016. . . . ’’ The article goes on to quote FBI Di-rector Comey. He said: 
I was very worried about it last fall, and I am in many ways more worried, because the numbers are not only going up, they’re con-tinuing to go up in most of those cities fast-er than they were going up last year. Some-thing is happening. I don’t know what the answer is, but holy cow, do we have a prob-lem. 
He also said before our committee that he remembered the last crime-wave in the seventies and the sixties and how enforcement brought it down dramatically. He said we don’t want to forget the lessons we learned pre-viously. Director Comey has further suggested that possible explanations for this spike in violent crime included gang and drug violence. He has also suggested that greater scrutiny of po-lice as they do their duty has possibly changed the way officers and commu-nities interact, something he calls the ‘‘viral video effect,’’ which he believes leads to less aggressive policing. Less aggressive policing means more crime and more deaths. On Mother’s Day weekend in Chi-cago, more than 50 people were shot be-tween Friday afternoon and early Mon-day. During a 3
1⁄2-hour period early Saturday, one man was killed and 14 others wounded, as the Chicago Trib-une said, ‘‘the equivalent of someone being shot every 14 minutes.’’ According to the Tribune, Police Su-perintendent Eddie Johnson ‘‘saved his harshest criticism for a criminal jus-tice system that he said isn’t putting away the city’s most dangerous offend-ers for long enough periods. ‘Until we have real truth in sentencing and hold these offenders accountable, this will be the unfortunate reality in the city of Chicago.’’’ According to an article in the Wash-ington Post, April 2 of this year, ‘‘vio-lence is occurring at levels unseen for years [in Chicago]. In the first quarter of 2016, 141 people were killed, up from 82 last year, according to police depart-ment data. The number of shootings surged to 677 from 359 a year earlier. The city is on track to have more than 500 killings this year, which would make this just the third year since 2004 that Chicago topped that figure.’’ Some say we have too many people in prison. We have heard that. It is cer-tainly our responsibility, in part, in Congress, to set sentencing laws that are smart, that protect the public, don’t put too many people in jail, and strike the right balance. In the early to mid-1980s, Congress passed, in a bipartisan, overwhelming vote, mandatory minimum sentences and sentencing guidelines. They al-lowed dangerous people to be denied bail on appeal. They allowed people who made frivolous appeals—for the judge to assert that there was no sub-stantial basis for the appeal and he could leave them in jail while they made their appeals because too many people were filing for appeals just to stay out of jail and committed crimes while they were out. All of these are great reforms. They are now under sys-temic attack. During that entire period of time, the crime rate in America went down. The murder rate in the late nineties was half what it was in 1980. How many good people are alive today because of this improvement in law en-forcement? We ended the revolving door, where people were arrested, re-leased, arrested. They came in another time and they are arrested and then they would get out and murder some-body. It was happening all the time. We didn’t have the jail capacity to put the people in jail. We didn’t have enough police to deal with the surging crime rate. When you have 20-, 30-, 40-percent increases in crime, you are talking about doubling the crime and murder rate in America in 2 or 3 years, after we spent 20 years bringing it down by half. We have to be sure that what we are doing, colleagues, is smart, and we are not signing death warrants for thou-sands of American innocent citizens. Well, what is the prison situation today? Is the population going up? Ac-cording to the Bureau of Justice Sta-tistics, the rate of imprisonment in the United States is at its lowest in a dec-ade. The Federal prison population— 195,914 as of May 12, 2016—is at its low-est level since 2006. Since 2013, the Fed-eral prison population has decreased by over 20,000, and it is projected to con-tinue downward. According to the Fed-eral Bureau of Prisons, the population is projected to drop another 10,000 this year, which will bring it to its lowest levels since 2005. The Bureau of Pris-ons, which houses prisoners, ‘‘projects that the inmate population will con-tinue to decline for the next couple of years, particularly as a result of retro-active changes to sentencing guide-lines.’’ Indeed, the 46,276 Federal drug traf-ficking inmates made eligible for early release comprise 25 percent of the cur-rent prison population. Admissions to Federal prisons have declined every year since 2011 and will likely decline further due to the Obama administra-tion’s policy directing prosecutors not to charge certain criminal offenses. I don’t think this Congress has a duty to confirm everyone who is ap-pointed by the President. We know the President has hostility toward prisons. He has directed his Attorney General to reduce prison populations, and that is happening. He has directed the Bu-reau of Prisons to participate in this. He has directed the Attorney General and the Attorney General has agreed and issued policy that rejects Attorney General Thornburgh’s policies when I was a U.S. attorney. Basically, the Thornburgh policy was, if a person used a gun during a crime, a bank rob-bery, or drug dealing, they were re-quired, under the law, to get an addi-tional 5 years’ penalty in addition be-cause the goal was to deter people from carrying guns during the criminal act, therefore, having fewer people killed in this country. It actually worked. In my opinion, it was part of the reason for the decline in the murder rate, clearly. You were required to charge them be-cause the law said, if you carried a gun, you must get 5 years in addition to the other penalties. Now the Attorney Gen-eral tells everybody: Well, prosecutors, you don’t have to charge that; in fact, we don’t want you to charge too much on these kinds of cases. As a result, the prosecutions are down, drug prosecu-tions are down 21 percent, and sen-tencing is down too. When I asked the Attorney General why the prosecutions of these cases are down so much, she said they are pros-ecuting bigger cases. I have to say that for the last 50 years, that is the excuse that prosecutors use for having a de-cline in statistics. They say: Well, we are working bigger cases. But regard-less if you are working bigger cases, why are the sentencing numbers down? Presumably, she is saying: We are pros-ecuting more serious criminals, but the sentences are going down. We are see-ing from the prosecutorial end a sig-nificant retrenchment or backing off of strong prosecution policy. A judge who gets a lifetime appoint-ment and is no longer accountable to the American people—or anyone else, for that matter—is not entitled to con-firmation if we have doubts about the ability over the years to treat police fairly and protect the public from seri-ous criminals. Certainly, it does not send a positive message to police and the community in Baltimore, where she will hear cases if confirmed. Last year was the dead-liest year in Baltimore’s history—344 murders and countless crimes against persons and property. I believe Ms. Xinis’s record dem-onstrates such a lack of understanding of the reality of law enforcement and the duty of our whole criminal justice system to protect the public as to dis-qualify her from the Federal bench. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.010 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2804 May 16, 2016 
That is why I will oppose the nomina-tion. I do not believe she lacks the per-sonal qualities or the integrity needed to be a judge or be a successful person throughout her life, whatever job she holds. She certainly has many admir-ers. I am not questioning that, but her record, as I have discussed, indicates an approach to law enforcement that does not justify the support of a life-time appointment. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, over the past few months the Zika virus has not only spread across the Caribbean and Latin America, but it has become a matter of grave concern in the United States. Although many of the symptoms are relatively minor, Zika has been found to cause severe birth defects in chil-dren if the virus is acquired by a woman of childbearing age who is, in fact, pregnant. In places where the virus has been especially active, ex-perts have found alarming rates of in-fants born with something called microcephaly—in other words, basi-cally a shrunken skull. Obviously, it is a profoundly damaging birth defect. This is due to the mother being in-fected by the virus while pregnant. As the weather continues to warm, Texans are rightly concerned about the continued spread of the virus in our State because it is transmitted pri-marily by mosquitoes. But it is not just any mosquito but those known to be present in places such as Texas, Florida, Louisiana, and some of the warmer areas. But we don’t know if that will always be the case or whether they will expand their range or exactly how this could unroll. In fact, cases in 11 Texas counties have already been confirmed, including Austin, Houston, and Dallas. One im-portant distinction in these cases is that they are tied to people traveling to Latin America, Puerto Rico, or Cen-tral America right now. In other words, there has been no confirmed case, I be-lieve, by the Centers for Disease Con-trol of anybody actually being bitten by a mosquito in the United States and having acquired the Zika virus. But that doesn’t mean that it is not poten-tially dangerous, in fact, for the rea-sons I have mentioned, along with the fact that we now have at least a couple of cases of confirmed sexual trans-mission of the Zika virus. Fortunately, top research and med-ical facilities in Texas have been work-ing on ways to prevent the spread of the Zika virus and to protect all Amer-icans from its symptoms. A few months ago, I visited with some of those at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, where they told me about their work in Brazil studying this virus. As the world leader in mosquito- borne viruses, their research is contin-ually groundbreaking. In fact, recently the Brazilian Min-istry of Health announced a collabora-tion with researchers at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston to help them develop a Zika virus vac-cine. They have also had experience when it comes to tackling other large- scale viruses. Last year UTMB was named one of the first regional Ebola treatment centers in the country, and UTMB researchers went on to develop an effective, quick-acting Ebola vac-cine. When they stressed the urgent need for the United States to approach this virus in a careful and deliberate man-ner, I listened to what they were tell-ing me. I heard a similar message when I recently visited the Texas Medical Center in Houston. They, too, are med-ical pioneers and are working to create a rapid test for the virus and to strengthen mosquito control in poten-tial hot spots. Interestingly, this is one of the most important components of dealing with the Zika virus; that is, mosquito control. Indeed, we will hear more about some of the EPA regulations that are cur-rently in effect which discourage or in-hibit the ability of local public health units in places such as Houston, Gal-veston, and elsewhere to actually con-trol the mosquito population. We will talk more about that later. But like the researchers in Gal-veston, these folks at the Texas Med-ical Center urge congressional action so that our country can be better pre-pared to handle this potential health crisis, instead of having to react after the fact. When the cases of Ebola were confirmed in Dallas, I remember very clearly how people felt overwhelmed by the fast-developing situation on the ground, so much so that they really did not feel that they were totally pre-pared ahead of time to deal with it. We don’t want to make that mistake twice when it comes to the Zika virus. Conversations I have had with these Texas institutions, as well as the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services and the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control, the CDC, have under-scored to me the need to act with ur-gency to avert what could become a major public health crisis in this coun-try. Because States like mine boast a warmer climate and they are in closer proximity to where the mosquitoes that currently carry the Zika virus are located, we will likely serve on the frontline in dealing this summer with this response nationwide. Congress can’t afford to sit back and do nothing. I don’t hear anybody say-ing: Do nothing. I hear everybody say-ing we need to act clearly, with dis-patch, and without unnecessary delay. But part of what we need to do is to make sure we have a plan in place and that we are executing a plan in a way that maximizes the effectiveness in combatting not only the mosquitoes that carry this virus but also the virus itself. We have to make sure our public health officials on the frontline of re-search and prevention have the re-sources they need to get the job done too. Fortunately, tomorrow, the Senate will vote on several pieces of legisla-tion designed to provide additional Federal funding so public officials can handle this impending crisis head on. The first proposal is from the Presi-dent of the United States. President Obama has made a spending request of nearly $2 billion that isn’t paid for. It is emergency funding, meaning that the funding would be deficit-increasing and debt-increasing. Also, the Presi-dent’s proposal to spend $2 billion comes without very much in the way of a plan about how the administration would use the money. I guess they are asking us to trust them, but, frankly, I think we have a greater responsibility to make sure that the money will be put to good use and that we have ap-propriated an adequate amount of money—but not more money than is necessary—to deal with this potential crisis. The second piece of legislation we will vote on is a compromise package that was negotiated between the chair-man and the ranking member of the Labor, Health and Human Services Ap-propriations Subcommittee in a bipar-tisan and commonsense way. I con-gratulate Senator B
LUNT and Senator M
URRAY for working through this in an orderly sort of process, and I commend them on reaching an agreement. Their compromise bill is basically for $1.1 billion. In other words, it is not the $1.9 billion or $2 billion that the Presi-dent requested. They thought the $1.1 billion was a more accurate and justifi-able number. Unfortunately, the legislation that has been negotiated between the chair-man and the ranking member of the Labor, Health and Human Services Ap-propriations Subcommittee is not paid for either. What this would essentially do is borrow from our children and grandchildren to meet the present ex-igencies of this crisis. The good news is we have a third op-tion, which I want to talk about brief-ly. It is a third piece of legislation that I have introduced and which is nearly identical to the Blunt-Murray pro-posal, the Appropriations sub-committee proposal. It would also pro-vide a compromise of $1.1 billion in Federal funding targeted toward health care professionals across the country. But my bill has a key distinction. It is fully paid for. You might ask: Where does that money come from? When the Affordable Care Act—or ObamaCare, as it has come to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.012 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2805 May 16, 2016 
known—was passed, it included a provi-sion for the Prevention and Public Health Fund. This, again, was part of the Affordable Care Act. The purpose that was stated in the legislation was ‘‘to provide for expanded and sustained national investment in prevention and public health programs.’’ In other words, it could have been tailor-made to deal with this potential Zika crisis. What I would propose is that we deal with the problem without delay. We ap-propriate the right amount of money, which both Democrats and Repub-licans—at least in the Appropriations Committee—have agreed is $1.1 billion, but that we take available funds and funds that will be available under the Prevention and Public Health Fund, and we pay for it. You wouldn’t think that would be particularly revolutionary or novel around here, but unfortunately I think too often what we do is we act in an emergency or to avert an emergency and we don’t follow through and do it in a fiscally responsible sort of way. The fact of the matter is we do need to address the Zika virus. There is no doubt about that. There is no dif-ference among us in this Chamber or in Congress about the need to deal with that. As a matter of fact, the House of Representatives has proposed a version of their response today, I believe. But we need to do this responsibly. There is no reason why we have to put our country deeper in debt to pro-tect ourselves against this virus. We don’t have an endless supply of money. The Federal Treasury can’t just keep printing money, and we can’t just keep imposing on our children and grand-children the responsibilities to pay the money back that we continue to bor-row, particularly when we have a fund available to offset this expenditure. As the Presiding Officer well knows, our growing debt in and of itself is a threat to our country’s future and our way of life. The Presiding Officer and I have listened to the Senator from Georgia, Mr. P
ERDUE , talk about what impact our debt has on our ability not only to withstand another financial crisis, such as we had in 2008, but sim-ply to fund such essential functions of the Federal Government like national defense. Particularly, as the interest rates are going up, more and more money is going to be paid to our bond holders, such as China and others, instead of paying for essential functions of the government, like national defense or safety net programs that we all agree are worthwhile. If we can deal with this potential cri-sis and do so in a fiscally responsible way without growing the debt, then we ought to be able to do that. This should be a no-brainer. We should take this opportunity to-morrow to give our public health offi-cials and local officials back home the resources they need to protect our con-stituents—the American people— against the spread of the Zika virus, but we ought to do so without adding to our mounting debt. Fortunately, this legislation also in-cludes a provision that would waive provisions of the Clean Water Act—I have referred to those a little earlier— and permit State and local officials to spray to protect against mosquitoes year around. Unfortunately, this par-ticular legislation, the Clean Water Act, has provisions in it that essen-tially tie the hands of public health of-ficials when it comes to mosquito eradication, which is one of the essen-tial components of a strategy to defeat this potential crisis. We all agree that the Zika virus is a real threat with real public health con-sequences. It has already impacted a generation in Brazil and other Latin American countries. We are told it is apparently rampant in Puerto Rico and Haiti, and there is no question it is coming our way. With the summer months ahead of us, the potential for this virus to spread to the United States is a major concern that we ought to address with dispatch. We have to give those on the ground the tools and support they need to address this threat, but we have to do so in a responsible way. I urge our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the legislation which funds the Zika prevention pro-gram at $1.1 billion but pays for it out of the Prevention and Public Health Fund, as apparently this fund was cre-ated to do—to ‘‘provide for expanded and sustained national investment in prevention and public health pro-grams.’’ I urge my colleagues on both sides to support this legislation when we have a chance to vote tomorrow. The time to act is now. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Paula Xinis, of Maryland, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 60 minutes for debate only on the nomina-tion, with the time equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Ohio. ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I rise today to talk about the Zika virus. We will have a vote on this tomorrow. Tonight I wish to speak about the need for us to move forward with emer-gency funding with regard to this virus. We need to combat it. It is spreading. It poses a threat to the safe-ty of women, children, and the elderly. It is particularly important that we keep it from spreading because there is no known Zika vaccine or treatment. A lot of my constituents have asked me about this back home. This is a virus that has spread from Africa, to Asia, to Latin America, and now it is coming into our own country. It is spreading so quickly because it is in-sidious. It is difficult to test for it be-cause it is usually confused with other viruses, like dengue. It can only be de-tected in a few days after you get it in the blood. Many of its symptoms in older adults are similar to other vi-ruses, such as influenza, so it is tough to know whether you have it. It is typi-cally contracted simply by being bitten by a mosquito, and two kinds of mos-quitoes—both of which are in the United States—are the problem. We now know that it can also be trans-mitted by sexual activity. We are told that men may be able to sexually transmit the virus for months after the initial infection based on some experi-ences. So, again, this is a difficult issue. Some people may not even know they have it; yet they might be spreading it. The spread of the virus is accelerating. It took 60 years for Zika to make it out of Africa to the Pacific. Just 8 years after that, it reached the Western Hemisphere in Latin America. Today it has infected people in 62 countries, including the United States and 34 other countries in the Americas, so pretty much every country in the Americas is now infected with it. Hun-dreds of Americans have been infected. We know of nearly 500, including 48 pregnant women and 12 people in my home State of Ohio, in fact. Thus far, it looks as though all of the Americans who have become infected did so by traveling overseas, being infected by the mosquito or by sexual contact with someone who had Zika. The World Health Organization calls it ‘‘a threat of alarming proportions’’ because it is spreading so quickly and because it has serious consequences for the most vulnerable in our society, particularly the elderly—an older gen-tleman in Puerto Rico recently died of Zika—children, babies in the womb, which we will talk about in a second, and pregnant women. As Zika has spread, health officials have reported an increased incidence of babies born with a horrible birth defect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.005 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2806 May 16, 2016 
where a baby’s head and brain are ab-normally small. The consequences of this birth defect are absolutely tragic. These kids have seizures, slow develop-ment, intellectual disabilities, and often loss of hearing and vision. The consequences last a lifetime. There is no known cure for this disease. We don’t want any child to have to suffer through that. It is in all of our inter-ests to protect more babies from this syndrome. In Brazil, there have been more than 900 confirmed cases since Zika arrived, with another 4,000 suspected cases. These are conservative estimates, and they are rising. That is up from around an average of 150 each year—a 600-per-cent increase from year to year. Officials also tell us that Zika can cause what is called Guillain-Barre syndrome, which causes the body’s im-mune system to attack its own nerves. It is a cruel syndrome, and in bad cases it can cause total paralysis and loss of sensation. This can happen to anyone, not just newborns but adults as well. These are just two of the neurological side effects that can result, and, like Zika, they are thought to be incurable. For most adults, Zika is not fatal, but to the most vulnerable, like the el-derly and the unborn, it could be a life-time of suffering, disability, or even death. I mentioned the man in Puerto Rico who died last week after being in-fected by Zika, a fellow American. His immune system began to attack the platelets in his blood, so they couldn’t clot, and that was the effect for him. As Zika spreads, it becomes clearer than ever that our response has to be very aggressive, both domestically and internationally. It has to be aggressive, and therefore it has to be funded. That is why I think it is important that we deal with emergency funding before it is truly an emergency. I thank my colleagues for the steps they have already taken to improve our response. In March, this body passed and President Obama signed into law bipartisan legislation which I cosponsored with my friend Senator F
RANKEN that will give accelerated pri-ority review at the Food and Drug Ad-ministration for new drugs and vac-cines to treat Zika. This is very impor-tant, and I applaud the Senate for mov-ing quickly and the administration for moving on that. It is a critical step. Right now, there is no cure and no treatment. President Obama has signed it into law. I am also grateful to the administra-tion for redirecting more than $500 mil-lion of residual Ebola funds that were originally appropriated by Congress to deal with Ebola and were not nec-essary. They stopped using those funds for Ebola and shipped those funds over to Zika to stop it from spreading. I ap-plaud them for that as well. Again, we have more work to do, and it is my view that we ought to move forward with emergency funding. There was a proposal—I believe it was final-ized just last week, Thursday or Fri-day—from Senator BLUNT and Senator M
URRAY that goes a long way toward dealing with this issue. The majority of the funding is right here in the United States, while the rest will go to international immigra-tion purposes so we can keep Zika from crossing our borders again. A lot of this funding goes to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention—the majority of it—to enhance mosquito control programs, improve infrastruc-ture for testing for Zika, and expand the pregnancy risk assessment moni-toring system, all of which are impor-tant. This is emergency funding, and I think it is necessary. Some funding also helps provide health services for pregnant women in Puerto Rico and in-vests in scientific research for a treat-ment or a vaccine. This is perhaps the most important thing we can do. These are critical priorities. I would also note that I am pleased that we have maintained the Hyde pro-tections in this proposal, and I believe this is consistent with the goal of pro-tecting innocent life, protecting these innocent babies from birth defects. We want this funding to be used to help preserve life and to help the vulner-able. We need to ensure adequate funding. We have to recognize the tools already at our disposal and use them. I have re-mained in contact with the Secretary of the Air Force as this virus has spread to make clear that in Ohio we have reservists at Youngstown Air Re-serve Station who are ready to help. This Air Reserve Station in Youngs-town, OH, is the home of the 910th Air-lift Wing, which is the only fixed-wing aerial spray unit in the United States. It has been used by the military all over the United States. They have played key roles in other public health emergencies, including spraying mil-lions of acres in Louisiana and Texas for mosquito abatement after Hurri-cane Katrina. I believe they could play that same role now. They are ready to do it, but frankly they need an upgrade in their equipment to be able to do it. As RADM Stephen Redd of the CDC told me in the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, ‘‘there could be a role for that airwing in locations that do not have [finely honed mosquito control enterprises].’’ He said that a lot of counties in this country do not have that. He said: ‘‘One of the things that we think is really important that the Zika virus outbreak is pointing out is the need to really revitalize those mosquito con-trol efforts.’’ I couldn’t agree with him more. We need to revitalize these efforts to be sure we have them and use the tools that are at our disposal right now. If Zika were to spread around the coun-try, it is incredibly important that we have this control effort. I hope we move forward on this in the next couple of days, send this legisla-tion to the President for his signature, and get moving on dealing with the Zika emergency we have before us. People all over Ohio ask me about it because they are worried. We need to keep our constituents safe, and we need to give them peace of mind. Adopting the amendment I think we are going to have before us in the next couple of days is the best action we can take right now to achieve these goals, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to strongly support emer-gency funding for this purpose. Thank you. I yield back my time. THE PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it has been 5 weeks since the Senate last con-firmed a judicial nominee. In that time, judicial vacancies have continued to increase. Unfortunately, the Repub-lican leadership has repeatedly ob-jected to unanimous consent motions made to overcome the obstruction of 20 judicial nominees. These are nominees who were voted out unanimously by committee and are awaiting a con-firmation vote. The majority leader claims that President Obama’s nominees have been treated fairly, but anyone paying at-tention to the Senate over the past 7 years knows that is not the case. It has been almost 2 months since Chief Judge Merrick Garland was nominated by President Obama to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Chief Judge Garland is widely respected, and prior to his nomination, he had repeatedly received praise from the very Repub-licans who now refuse to allow him to appear for a confirmation hearing. These same Republicans refuse to do their jobs as Senators while outside groups pour millions of dollars into tel-evision ads that seek to discredit Chief Judge Garland’s record. Before there was even a Supreme Court nominee, one Republican aide promised conserv-atives were ‘‘going to light this person up.’’ Sadly, it appears they are making good on their threat while simulta-neously refusing to allow him a public hearing where he could respond. Meanwhile, lower court nominees have stalled. Paula Xinis, whom we will vote on today, was nominated more than a year ago to fill an emer-gency vacancy—not just a regular va-cancy but an emergency vacancy in Maryland. Since 2011, she has practiced as a criminal defense attorney at a law firm. Prior to that, she served in the Federal Public Defender’s Office for the District of Maryland for 13 years, from 1998 to 2011. Ms. Xinis has extensive trial experience, representing hundreds of clients as a public defender and try-ing 16 cases to completion over the course of her career. The ABA Stand-ing Committee on the Federal Judici-ary unanimously rated Ms. Xinis ‘‘well qualified’’ to serve in the district court. They gave Paula Xinis their highest rating. She is strongly sup-ported by both Senators from Mary-land, and her nomination was unani-mously approved by the Judiciary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.013 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2807 May 16, 2016 
Committee by voice vote 8 months ago. All the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee approved her nomination from the Committee by unanimous voice vote. Senator S
ESSIONS came to the floor today to oppose Ms. Xinis’s nomination based on her experience as an examiner of complaints against police officers in the District of Columbia. From 1995 to 2011, Ms. Xinis served as a complaint examiner in six cases where she made determinations on complaints brought against Metropolitan Police Depart-ment officers. At her Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, Senator S
ESSIONS  questioned Ms. Xinis about her experi-ence and expressed concern that, in the six cases Ms. Xinis served as a com-plaint examiner, she sustained rulings against police officers in all of them. Senator S
ESSIONS questions Ms. Xinis’s fairness to police officers based on her determinations in these six cases. However, as Senator S
ESSIONS said on the floor today, he does not question her personal qualifications or her in-tegrity to be a Federal judge. And he also did not question her testimony be-fore the Judiciary Committee in which she committed to being a fair and im-partial judge, should she be confirmed. Furthermore, Ms. Xinis’s record as a complaint examiner shows that each one of her six determinations was sus-tained by the chief of police; none of them was overturned. Her decisions could have been appealed and over-turned if they were incorrect, but they were not. Paula Xinis has earned the express support of law enforcement and has de-fended police officers as an attorney on a number of occasions. For instance, in one case, she provided legal counsel to a Baltimore police officer unfairly ac-cused of criminal wrongdoing. That of-ficer wrote a letter of support for Ms. Xinis, where he said: ‘‘Throughout the entire ordeal, I spent countless hours with Paula and her team. They worked diligently seeking the evidence needed to exonerate me. Although it was an extremely dark time for me, she al-ways made me feel confident that she ‘had my back’ and that she was dedi-cated to seeing that I was vindicated. Thankfully, as a result of her tireless efforts on my behalf, all of the charges brought against me were dismissed ear-lier this year.’’ This does not sound like a person who holds any biases against law enforcement. In addition to this officer, several other members of the law enforcement community have written in support of Ms. Xinis’s nomi-nation. After we actually vote on Paula Xinis’s nomination today, there will still be 19 judicial nominees pending on the Executive Calendar waiting for a confirmation vote. Every single one of these nominees was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by unanimous voice vote. Instead of allowing a vote on these nominees on a regular basis, the Republican leadership objects to the Senate being able to do our jobs. After today’s vote, the next in line for consideration is a district court nominee from New Jersey and then a district court nominee from Nebraska. I know the Senators from New Jersey are pushing for a vote on the nominee to serve in their State. I hope the Re-publican Senators from Nebraska are urging their leadership to schedule the confirmation of Robert Rossiter, who was approved by unanimous voice vote in committee. That vacancy has been pending for over a year and a half. There is no good reason for votes on these nominees to be further delayed. Senator GRASSLEY has indicated that Republicans will shut down the judicial nominations process in July, even though vacancies have risen from 43 to 81 since Republicans took over the ma-jority. They have allowed vacancies to rise dramatically and now want to shut it down even though the judicial nomi-nees pending are not controversial and we have numerous vacancies that need to be filled. This is wrong. Contrast this to the last 2 years of George W. Bush’s administration, when Demo-crats were in control. At this same point in the Bush Presidency, Demo-crats had reduced vacancies to just 46. Because of Republican obstruction, our independent judiciary is struggling to perform its role under the Constitu-tion. The Marshall Project recently interviewed several sitting judges to examine the impact judicial vacancies are having on our courts. Chief Judge Ron Clark of the Eastern District of Texas, which currently has three judi-cial emergency vacancies, said: ‘‘We’re managing the best we can—but if they don’t get us another judge soon, you could start to see some more draconian kinds of delays.’’ There is a nominee to this court pending in the Judiciary Committee, but the Texas Senators, who both are members of the com-mittee, have not returned their blue slips to allow that nominee to even re-ceive a hearing. I hope the Texas Sen-ators heed the call of Chief Judge Clark and get moving on their nominee. And I hope the Senate majority al-lows this body to return to regular order when it comes to processing judi-cial nominees. We have a constitu-tional responsibility to provide advice and consent on the President’s nomi-nees. The Constitution has not changed, but once President Obama took office, this body’s normal practice for treating nominees turned for the worse. Deference to home State Sen-ators was no longer the norm, and pro-cedural delay after procedural delay quickly became the standard practice of the Republican caucus, whether they were in the minority or now in the ma-jority. In a New York Times op-ed a week ago, former Judge Shira Sheindlin of the Southern District of New York warned that the Repub-licans’ obstruction to district court nominees ‘‘undermines public trust in the impartiality and legitimacy of the judiciary.’’ I was heartened to hear the majority leader last week make the point that an election year is ‘‘not an excuse not to do our work.’’ I could not agree more. That is why in the last 2 years of the George W. Bush administration, when I served as chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee, we confirmed 68 of President Bush’s judicial nominees. That is compared to a handful of Presi-dent Obama’s nominees that the Re-publicans have allowed. We confirmed 68 of President Bush’s judicial nomi-nees, and we confirmed right up to the time we went out for the elections in September, not in June or July or May. We have also confirmed more than a dozen Supreme Court Justices in Presi-dential election years, and many in this Senate served at the time. The last one we had, of course, was during President Reagan’s final year in office. We did so because we knew the Su-preme Court should not be held hostage to election-year politics; yet we are being held hostage to election-year pol-itics because we are not doing our jobs. And the Supreme Court issued a couple more 4-to-4 opinions today. I urge the majority leader to heed his own advice and to schedule a confirma-tion vote for the pending lower court nominees, and I urge the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to follow suit by scheduling confirmation hearings for Chief Judge Garland so that we can do our jobs. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that Judge Sheindlin’s op-ed and the Marshall Project review be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Marshall Project, April 26, 2016] W
HATHAPPENS WHENTHERE AREN’TENOUGH  J
UDGES TO GOAROUND ? (By Eli Hager) The ninth seat on the Supreme Court has been vacant for two months. But Antonin Scalia’s chair is not the only empty one in the vast federal judiciary, where several judgeships have remained un-filled for 30 months or more. Around the country, there are 84 of these vacancies, largely as a result of the Senate’s histori-cally low rate of confirming President Barack Obama’s nominees. And since the be-ginning of last year, the number of unfilled seats and pending nominations have been steadily rising. Down in the gears of the justice system, all those absent judges have taken a toll. Because courts are obligated to find ways to meet speedy-trial rules, at least in crimi-nal cases, the vacancies have not caused across-the-board delays. But by all accounts, the unconfirmed nominees—combined with what advocates say is an insufficient number of judgeships overall—have forced the sys-tem to find sometimes extraordinary ways to make do with the few judges available. Some judges, for example, are having to drive hundreds of miles to cover the empty seats. Less-qualified magistrate judges, sen-ior judges who are supposed to be entering retirement, and visiting judges who fly in from other states, have all had to pitch in. And many of the remaining judges say that it’s hard, with such a lack of personnel, to give every case the attention it deserves. In the worst-hit districts, including all four districts of Texas, some areas of Florida 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.015 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2808 May 16, 2016 
and California, Middle Alabama, and else-where, the situation is now considered an ‘‘emergency.’’ Ron Clark, chief judge of the Eastern Dis-trict of Texas, which has three judicial emer-gencies out of only eight total judgeships, says that ‘‘we’re managing the best we can— but if they don’t get us another judge soon, you could start to see some more draconian kinds of delays.’’ 
JUDICIAL VACANCIES IN THE FEDERAL COURTS  In the past year, unfilled federal judgeships have been rising dramatically. Similarly, the number of seats on the bench considered ‘‘emergencies’’—vacant for many months with a large caseload per judge—and the number of White House nominations await-ing Senate confirmation have climbed. A 2014 study by the Brennan Center for Justice found that the vacancies led to a host of negative consequences. Among them were unresolved motions, habeas corpuspetitions waiting years to be heard (or being handled by law clerks instead of judges), judges spending less time on each case, and defendants pleading guilty because they believed a trial would not get the time-ly attention it deserved. And in civil proceedings, where the Speedy Trial Act does not apply, longer wait times for trial are becoming more common. Morrison C. England Jr., chief judge of the Eastern District of California, says that ‘‘cases that aren’t the priority are going to get pushed back for years, literally.’’ In Middle Alabama, Ricky Martin, a pas-tor, had been allowing registered sex-offend-ers to stay in mobile homes surrounding his church—until the state legislature made it illegal for him to do so. Martin filed suit in August of 2014, and the local D.A. responded with a ‘‘motion to dismiss’’ a few months later. But a judge didn’t get around to weighing in—in Martin’s favor—until this April, and the case may not actually be re-solved for two more years or longer. The process would have taken only three to four months if there were more judges available, says Randall Marshall, legal direc-tor of the ACLU of Alabama. But sometimes, the effect is the opposite: the proceedings get rushed. Brian McGiverin, a civil-rights lawyer in Austin, Texas, says that because there are so few judges, the remaining ones are all over-booked. As a result, they often ‘‘give you a cramped amount of time for trial, regardless of how many witnesses you’d like to call.’’ McGiverin recently assisted in the case of a woman named Abieyuwa Ikhinmwin, who claimed that she was racially profiled, han-dled with excessive force, and wrongfully ar-rested by police in San Antonio. He says the court tried to ‘‘fast-track’’ her lawsuit, threatening to dismiss it within 21 days unless she paid a fee and submitted ad-ditional information—which would not have happened when there were enough judges. Clark, chief judge in the nearby Eastern District of Texas, says that ‘‘with so few of us, it’s definitely harder to have the flexi-bility that a defense lawyer might want us to. So the answer sometimes has to be, ‘No, sorry, we can’t offer that time in court.’’’ Meanwhile, the consequences of too few judges are worsened in the most geographi-cally expansive districts. ‘‘When there’s a missing judge in a state like ours,’’ Clark says, ‘‘it’s not like we can walk down the hall and take care of a trial for him—the trip from Beaumont to Plano is five and a half hours, and that’s if the traffic is good.’’ He and the other judges in his district waste about two days a week on the road. ‘‘We’re one traffic accident away from the wheels falling off,’’ he says. As an additional stop-gap measure, the worst-hit districts are relying on pinch hit-ters. In Middle Alabama, less-experienced mag-istrate judges (who are appointed directly by the district judges, rather than nominated by the president and confirmed by the Sen-ate) have for several years been doing work once reserved for the district judges, from taking guilty pleas to overseeing evidentiary hearings. The district is also getting last- minute help from visiting judges, who have traveled from Iowa and Florida to pitch in. ‘‘When there are judges who come in from elsewhere,’’ says Christine Freeman, execu-tive director of the federal defender’s office in Montgomery, Ala., ‘‘they are strangers to us, to the prosecutor, to court officials, to the probation officers, to every single person involved in a case.’’ ‘‘That makes it very hard to predict out-comes for your client,’’ Freeman adds. But the lack of judges has perhaps fallen hardest on senior judges, who, because they are typically over 70 or 80 years old, usually take on 50 percent or less of a full caseload. Instead, in Middle Alabama and elsewhere, their caseloads have been 150 or even 200 per-cent of normal. ‘‘I’m 73, and I’d like to be able to say, ‘Look, I’m done, I want to spend more time with my family,’’’ says Michael Schneider, one of the senior judges in Eastern Texas. ‘‘I’m encouraged that the president has nom-inated someone, but I can’t actually cut back until a nominee is approved.’’ ‘‘I’m going to be at this for awhile,’’ Schneider adds. ‘‘It’s frustrating.’’ England, the chief judge in Eastern Cali-fornia, says that senior judges are the only reason why vacancies haven’t become more of a crisis. ‘‘We are living and dying with our senior judges,’’ England says. ‘‘They’re taking on cases they shouldn’t have to, but that’s what’s saving us.’’ Of course, federal courts being overbur-dened is the symptom of more than simply a lack of nominations and confirmations. Since 1990, Congress has not passed major legislation creating new judgeships, even as the war on drugs, and now the surge in pros-ecution of undocumented immigrants, have jammed up the system with exponentially more cases. As a result, by 2013, there was a 39 percent uptick in the number of overall filings, while only 4 percent more judges were added to handle all that extra work. Throw in the higher-than-normal number of vacancies, and it’s a recipe for an overbur-dened judiciary. After a three-year wait, for instance, the Eastern District of California finally got a vacancy filled last October. But Chief Judge England says the crushing bur-den of too few judges hasn’t lessened. ‘‘One way or the other, Congress would need to give this district more judges,’’ he says. ‘‘We need help—we have too many trials. I’m booked for 2016 and 2017 already.’’ 
[From the New York Times, May 6, 2016] A
MERICA ’STRIAL COURT JUDGES : OURFRONT  L
INE FOR JUSTICE  (By Shira A. Scheindlin) The outcry over the Senate’s failure to hold hearings on Judge Merrick Garland’s nomination to the Supreme Court is fully justified. But that isn’t the only judiciary scandal on Capitol Hill. Even as the spot-light shines on the high court, the Senate has refused to confirm dozens of uncontroversial nominees to fill vacancies in the federal trial courts. Such obstructionism has become an every-day occurrence. Just last week, Senate Re-publicans refused to vote on 11 federal dis-trict court nominees whom the Judiciary Committee had already approved—even those who were supported by Republicans in their home states. During President George W. Bush’s last two years in office, the Demo-cratic-controlled Senate confirmed about 57 district court judges. Since Republicans took power in 2014, the Senate has confirmed only 15 of President Obama’s trial court nomi-nees. This is an even bigger problem than Judge Garland’s stalled nomination. Trial court judges do the bulk of the work in the federal court system: Last year nearly 375,000 new cases were filed, while the Supreme Court justices issued just under 75 opinions. And because most trial court decisions are never appealed, they become the final word in sig-nificant disputes that affect millions of Americans. I know this firsthand. I served as a trial judge for over 21 years, and stepped down from the bench last week. As I walked out of a federal courthouse in Lower Manhattan on one of my last days, an African-American United States marshal asked me if he could have a word. He explained that he had grown up in New York City’s public housing, and thanked me for my 2013 decision in the ‘‘stop and frisk’’ case. (I ruled that the New York Police De-partment’s practice in which police officers stopped hundreds of thousands of New York-ers without reasonable suspicion, a vast ma-jority of whom were innocent African-Amer-icans and Latinos, was unconstitutional.) ‘‘You just can’t know what a difference this has made to so many people in my com-munity,’’ he said. ‘‘You can’t even imagine.’’ But I think I can. At the policy’s peak in 2011, officers stopped nearly 700,000 people. That number dropped to about 23,000 last year, and the policy change was not accom-panied by a rise in serious crime, despite dire predictions to the contrary. As a result of my rulings and community outcry, the Po-lice Department agreed to reforms, which in-clude better record keeping, the use of police body cameras and the abandonment of racial profiling. Other examples abound. In 1974, Judge Jack Weinstein of the Eastern District of New York found the de facto segregation in a Coney Island public school to be unconsti-tutional, a ruling affirmed on appeal. The school was ultimately integrated under his supervision, and without the ‘‘white flight’’ that politicians had feared would result. And in one of the highest-profile civil rights cases ever in a trial court, Leonard about a decade later that both the housing and schools in Yonkers were intentionally segregated, and ordered construction of inte-grated housing in the city. An appeals court upheld this ruling, which, despite years of public protest, immensely improved the liv-ing conditions for thousands of Yonkers resi-dents. The influence of district judges has like-wise had an effect on national security. In the mid-2000s, Judge Alvin Hellerstein, also from the Southern District of New York, or-dered the government to disclose photo-graphs under the Freedom of Information Act that depict the abuse of Abu Ghraib de-tainees, which was affirmed by the appellate court. Judge Hellerstein also effectively forced the government to turn over the De-partment of Justice’s infamous ‘‘torture memos,’’ which incited a national conversa-tion about whether torture is ever appro-priate. Not every decision by district court judges benefits the public: Last week Judge Thomas Schroeder of North Carolina’s Middle Dis-trict upheld myriad legislative changes to the state’s voting rules that will result in re-duced voting opportunities for minorities, unless reversed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.001 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2809 May 16, 2016 
Whether Judge Garland should be con-firmed or not, there can be no denying that Supreme Court nominations are inherently political. So it’s no surprise that they are drawn out for ideological or partisan rea-sons. But district court nominations are dif-ferent. Ideology is not the issue: Experience and competence are the only criteria. And yet the Senate majority’s policy of de-laying qualified district-court nominations on purely political grounds undermines pub-lic trust in the impartiality and legitimacy of the judiciary. This is especially worrisome because the public’s understanding of how justice is administered is most likely based on its access to and experience with lower court proceedings. Presidential debates have focused on the Islamic State, trade pacts and immigration policy; meanwhile, the next president will most likely appoint 130 trial judges over the next four years. The public needs to know what’s at stake. Trial judges must spot the issues, decide the outcomes and fashion the remedies in all kinds of disputes. I cannot force this Congress to do its job. But I urge voters not to forget the White House’s power to appoint all judges when they choose the next president. 
Mr. LEAHY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Thank you very much, Mr. President. I rise this evening in support of the nomination of Paula Xinis to serve on the District Court of Maryland. I know Senator C
ARDIN will be coming to the floor shortly to also comment on Ms. Xinis’s nomination. Senator C
ARDIN  and I recommended Ms. Xinis to Presi-dent Obama with the utmost con-fidence in her abilities, talent, and competence for the job. She is a bril-liant litigator and a dedicated public servant. The Judiciary Committee agreed with us, because they also voted her out of the committee unanimously. I thank Senator M
CCONNELL , the ma-jority leader, for scheduling this vote; Senator G
RASSLEY for moving this nomination; and I also thank my very good and dear friend Senator L
EAHY , the vice chairman of the committee, who has been a strong advocate not only for this nomination but for mov-ing all nominations forward, as voted out by the committee in a prompt way. As I talk about Ms. Xinis, I want the Presiding Officer to know that I have recommended several judicial nomi-nees for district and appellate courts, and I take my advise and consent re-sponsibility very seriously. When I rec-ommend to the President a position on the district court, I have four criteria: absolute integrity, judicial competence and temperament, a commitment to core constitutional principles, and a history of civic engagement in Mary-land. Ms. Xinis exceeds these expectations over and beyond. She has dedicated her career to the rule of law, achieving equal justice under the law and also being an advocate for the underdog. She is truly an outstanding nominee with a long history of public service— 14 years as a Federal public defender, handling everything from the most simple misdemeanors to very complex white-collar crimes. She has also taken on extra duties, training staff and being an attorney supervisor of re-search and writing, proving time and time again how committed and dedi-cated she is. She worked as a clerk for the distin-guished and esteemed Judge Diana Gribbon Motz, a well-respected judge on the Fourth Circuit. She also has been a member of the private sector as a senior trial partner in a private law firm in Baltimore, taking on complex civil litigation and protecting those who have been harmed by lead paint or carbon monoxide poisoning. Judge Motz, in recommending Ms. Xinis to me, said she is so intelligent and generous in terms of working very hard, in terms of knowing the law and practicing the law, but she also com-mented on her work ethic, praising her skill in the courtroom and her service to the community. She has mentored children, provided legal advice to at-need communities in Baltimore, and served on numerous bar associations. She has deep appreciation for the law and everything that it means. I do believe she will be an out-standing judge. There have been criticisms raised of Ms. Xinis, and the criticisms have cen-tered around her support within the law enforcement community. Flashing yellow lights were raised by one of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, asking whether she had an im-partial attitude toward police officers. I have four letters here from retired po-lice officers in Baltimore City all at-testing to that. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have these letters printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CITY OF CHARLOTTESVILLE , P
OLICE DEPARTMENT , Charlottesville, VA, August 30, 2015. Re Letter in Support of Paula Xinis, for the position of United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. Hon. C
HARLES GRASSLEY , Chairman, U.S. Senate Committee on the Judici-ary, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK LEAHY , Ranking Member, U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARHONORABLE SENATORS GRASSLEY AND  L
EAHY : My name is Timothy Longo and I currently serve as the Chief of Police in the City of Charlottesville, Virginia. I am a ca-reer law enforcement officer having pre-viously served as a Colonel with the Balti-more City Police Department, retiring in March of 2000. In addition, to my profes-sional training and experience, I am proud to have received my law degree from the Uni-versity of Baltimore and was admitted to the Maryland Bar in December of 1993. For the past 25 years, I have had the honor of instructing thousands of law enforcement officers and administrators on matters of policy, law, and generally accepted policing practices. In addition to my sworn duties and responsibilities, I have served on many occasions as a police practices expert assist-ing both plaintiff and defense counsel in civil rights claims resulting from the actions of law enforcement officers, and the policies and practices related to those actions. It is in this capacity that I have come to know and respect Paula Xinis. I have come to learn that the Senate Judiciary Committee is presently considering Paula’s candidacy and I respectfully write in support of her ap-pointment. Paula and I met several years ago when I was asked to assist her in the evaluation of a civil rights claim that she had filed on be-half of a client related to the actions of a municipal law enforcement officer and the agency and municipality that employed that officer. The claim arose out of a use of force incident which resulted in serious and per-manent injury. I firmly believe that cases such as this requires not only a thorough un-derstanding of Section 1983 litigation and that of municipal liability, but an equally thorough understanding of police training, policy, and practice. For more than a year, I worked closely with Paula as she sought to better under-stand how a police officer is trained, the policies, principles, and practices that guide their work, as well as the manner in which police departments investigate incidents that result in force. What I discovered from the onset, and frankly what continued to im-press me as I worked with Paula on this im-portant matter, is the thoughtful and objec-tive manner in which she approached both the facts and the theory of her client’s case. Although the complaint she had advanced on behalf of her client depicted a series of facts that one may find was clearly contrary to generally accepted policing practices on the face of her client’s complaint, she con-sistently endeavored to examine that com-plaint and the facts in the support of it through the lenses of a career law enforce-ment officer who had not only worked the streets of a large metropolitan city, in-structed thousands in policing, but also served as a policy maker as to the training of police officers and practices that guide that work. She and I spoke countless times, and at great length, about not only that par-ticular case but the way that police officers go about their work and the decisions that they make quickly and oftentimes without much deliberation. Paula was amazingly careful to reserve her own judgment and opinion as to the appro-priateness of the officer’s conduct and that of the agency’s policy maker and listened carefully to my assessment of her claim and my opinion as to its propriety in light of my specialized training and experience. America’s law enforcement officers are fac-ing incredibly difficult challenges as we closely evaluate the manner in which we go about our work, carefully consider re-shap-ing and reforming our practices, and endeav-or to strengthen the necessary relationships we have with those whom we serve. Undoubt-edly, law enforcement officers, policy mak-ers, and municipalities will more frequently find themselves being scrutinized by our trial and appellate courts, and ultimately the court of public opinion. The nature of our work and recent police-citizen inter-actions that have ended tragically makes this reality most certain. Thus, it has never been more critical to connect the right peo-ple to this important work; not just on the front line but throughout the criminal jus-tice continuum. It is with a tremendous amount of pride and the utmost confidence that I respect-fully ask the Senate of the United States to confirm the appointment of Paula Xinis to the United States District Court for the Dis-trict of Maryland. I have absolutely no doubt that Paula will bring the competence and ob-jectivity that is necessary to discharge the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.002 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2810 May 16, 2016 
duties of such an important position. She has my confidence, respect, and unfettered support. If I can be of further assistance, please don’t hesitate to call upon me. Meanwhile, I thank you for your time and thoughtful consideration. Respectfully Submitted, T
IMOTHY JOHNLONGO , Sr., Chief of Police, City of Charlottesville, Virginia. 
POLICE DEPARTMENT , B
ALTIMORE , MARYLAND , 4 September 2015. To: Senator Patrick Leahy. From: Sgt Brian Atwood. Subject: Recommendation for Paula Xinis to U.S. District Judge for Md. S
IR: My name is Sgt Brian Atwood; I am a twenty year veteran with the Baltimore Po-lice Department, I started my career in May of 1995 in the Western District. During my career I have received three Bronze Stars for Valor, two Life Saving awards and have re-ceived numerous unit citations of. I have held several positions of authority include: Field Training Officer, Officer in Charge, Sergeant and Sergeant in Charge. I have been assigned to follow district units: Patrol, Flex Units, Drug Unit, and Firearm Instruc-tor. I’m currently assigned to the depart-ments, Special Operation Section. I have held tactical positions as both an officer and sergeant within the elite Emergency Service Unit. My current assignment is supervising sergeant of the K–9 unit. I am also a passed board member of Mary-land’s largest FOP with over 5000 active and retired members. As a member of FOP Lodge #3, I have held numerous positions within our lodge to include. Grievance Rep, Griev-ance Chairman, P.A.C funds Chairman, Legal Advisory Board, Contract Team Chairman, and was elected to the position of Vice Presi-dent for our Lodge. It is my understanding that the Senate Ju-diciary Committee will be considering Ms. Paula Xinis for United States District Judge. I would proudly recommend Ms Xinis to the position of U.S District Judge for Maryland. Ms Xinis is a person of honor, integrity, fair-ness and would be outstanding in that posi-tion. In closing as a 20 year member of the law enforcement community, I know first hand the need to have judges that are well bal-anced, fair and great listeners. It is equally important that our judges take the rule of law and always apply it equally, with under-standing and compassion in there decision. That is why I proudly recommend Ms. Paula Xinis to the position of U.S. District Judge. Respectfully, Sgt. B
RIAN ATWOOD . 
ABINGDON , MD, A UGUST 31, 2015. Re Letter in Support of Judicial Nomination of Paula Xinis for the United States Dis-trict Court for the District of Maryland. Hon. C
HARLES GRASSLEY , Chairman, U.S. Senate Committee on the Judici-ary, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK LEAHY , Ranking Member, U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS GRASSLEY AND LEAHY : Please accept this letter as support for the nomination of Paula Xinis as a United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. I was employed as a Police Officer with the Baltimore Police Department from 1987 until the time of my retirement in Sep-tember 2014. While assigned to the Patrol Di-vision, I handled calls for service related to violations of Maryland’s handgun and nar-cotics laws. I also actively participated in shooting investigations. I also spent thirteen years assigned to the Tactical Unit/Quick Response Team. During my tenure with the Tactical Unit, one of the Unit’s primary focus was serving high risk warrants for the Homicide and Robbery Units. When we weren’t training, serving warrants and/or re-sponding to barricade/hostage situations, we were utilized as suppression unit for illegal handguns and narcotics violations. For five straight years, my partner and I maintained the highest number of gun seizures/arrests and the largest narcotics cases within the Baltimore City Police Tactical Section. We received numerous commendations for our handgun arrests. Throughout the course of my career, I was called upon to testify in both the District and Circuit Courts in Balti-more City and County, as well as the United States District Court for the District of Maryland in Baltimore. Unfortunately, my successful career in law enforcement was derailed in 2014 when I en-countered difficulties in connection with a call for service. I was improperly and un-fairly accuse of wrongdoing which led to criminal charges. This was a new experience for me as I had never even been disciplined during my career. I felt vulnerable and be-trayed. It was clear to me and my wife that we needed legal representation that would aggressively fight to vindicate me. My wife, whose practice is primarily the defense of civil cases, had been involved in a case in Baltimore City where Ms. Xinis rep-resented the plaintiffs several years prior. During the course of that case, she would often remark that Ms. Xinis was a worthy advocate, yet fair and open-minded. Because of her experience with Ms. Xinis, my wife contacted her on a weekend to seek legal counsel and advice. From that point forward, Ms. Xinis made herself available to us, even if it was to simply reassure us that we were in good hands. Throughout the entire ordeal, I spent countless hours with Paula and her team. They worked diligently seeking the evidence needed to exonerate me. Although it was an extremely dark time for me, she al-ways made me feel confident that she ‘‘had my back’’ and that she was dedicated to see-ing that I was vindicated. Thankfully, as a result of her tireless efforts on my behalf, all of the charges brought against me were dis-missed earlier this year. I can personally attest to Ms. Xinis’ legal acumen and her commitment to seeking jus-tice, regardless of who the defendant may be. I observed her demonstrate the ability to forcefully argue her position to the court while being respectful to the court and other counsel. She can be a fierce advocate while maintaining a reassuring demeanor. My ex-posure to the judicial process throughout the course of my law enforcement career and as an officer who was wrongfully accused, has provided me with insight as to what is re-quired to be an effective, fair and open-mind-ed jurist. I can state without a doubt that Ms. Xinis possesses all of the necessary traits to be an asset to the federal bench in Maryland. The Committee could not find a more qualified candidate to fill the vacancy in Maryland. Sincerely, THOMAS J. S CHMIDT , Sr. 
SEPTEMBER 1, 2015. Re Support of Paula Xinis, for United States District Judge for the District of Mary-land. D
EAR SENATOR PATRICK LEAHY ( RANKING  M
EMBER) UNITED STATES SENATE COMMITTEE  
ON THE JUDICIARY : My name is Gregory Eads, Jr. I am a retired Baltimore City Police Offi-cer. I served 22 years on the Baltimore City Police Department and retired in November 2014. I was currently assigned to the Bomb Squad and Emergency Services Unit where primarily I responded to suspicious package calls, bomb sweeps for visiting V.I.P’s and stadium events. In my tenure as a police offi-cer with the department I’ve acquired sev-eral skills and with worked in numerous spe-cialized units. I have worked in Patrol, Bike(flex) squad, Drug enforcement unit, SWAT, Organized Crime Unit, Firearms Ap-prehension Strike Team. I am highly deco-rated officer that was awarded several unit citations, accommodations, and bronze star for valor. I’ve come to learn the senate Judiciary Committee is considering Paula for a United States District Judge. I want to extend my support for Paula as a candidate. Paula and I met at her law firm as she was preparing to defend a co-worker in criminal case. She was interviewing me as a character witness. Dur-ing this exchange we discussed my family, experiences and my background being a sec-ond generation Police Officer in Baltimore City. We share some similarities on life and making a difference in the world. Paula has a young child, demanding career and is very well known among her peers. I was most impressed with her attention to detail, due diligence and preparation of the case. She is hardworking, open minded, and fair. I believe she would be an asset as she exemplifies the firm qualities that a United States District Court Judge possesses. As a police officer we need Judges that are fair, impartial and firm on the bench. With Paula being confirmed by the Senate Committee you will have that Judge I am referring to. I am grateful that I had the pleasure of meeting and working with Paula. Sincerely, GREGORY EADSJr., (Retired) BPD. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. One letter is from someone who is a 20-year veteran, working in the Western District. The Western District is where they filmed ‘‘The Wire.’’ It is rough, tough, and hardscrabble. This former police ser-geant said: 
In closing, as a 20-year member of the law enforcement community, I know firsthand the need to have judges that are well bal-anced, fair and great listeners. . . . That is why I proudly recommend Ms. Paula Xinis to the position of U.S. District Judge. 
I won’t go through every letter—the R
ECORD will speak for itself—but when you have retired police officers, those who are not on duty now but who worked with her hands-on and who know the way she works with law en-forcement, the way she engages with them when she was a public defender and so on—I think these letters speak for themselves. In closing, let me say this: The job of a U.S. Senator to recommend someone to be a judge is indeed a great honor, but it is an enormous responsibility. I take it very seriously, and I would only recommend somebody who was truly qualified to render impartial justice and bring the competency and the tem-perament to do that. I believe Ms. Xinis possesses competency, the judi-cial temperament, and a real commit-ment to equal justice under the law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.003 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2811 May 16, 2016 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I join Senator M
IKULSKI , as the two Senators from Maryland, in strongly recom-mending the favorable consideration of Paula Xinis for the district court judgeship of Maryland. I first want to acknowledge the lead-ership of our senior Senator from Maryland in developing a process in which we screen the very most talented people for opportunities to serve on our Federal bench. This is a professional process that we have gone forward with under Senator M
IKULSKI ’s leadership in order to try to get the very best on our courts. It is not a partisan issue at all. It is strictly looking for those who have the judicial temperament and experience to be able to be an outstanding member of the bench. We have done that on pre-vious nominations that have been con-sidered on this floor, and Paula Xinis follows in that tradition. I thank Sen-ator M
IKULSKI for the process that we went forward on in making this rec-ommendation to President Obama. I might tell you, President Obama then forwarded the nomination to the Senate in March of last year—in March of 2015. It took 6 months for the Judici-ary Committee to make its rec-ommendations to the full floor in Sep-tember of 2015. It was not a controver-sial nomination in the committee. The committee reviewed all of Ms. Xinis’s background, record, everything that she has done, and on a very strong voice vote brought her forward to the full floor. So this is not a controversial nomi-nation. Because of the delay, originally to fill the vacancy of Deborah Chasanow, who took senior status, it is now a judicial emergency. People of Maryland are in a desperate situation to have an adequate number of judges to handle the workload in our district. It is critical we move forward in the confirmation of this nominee. Senator M
IKULSKI has pointed out how qualified this person is. I can tell you, over the last several months, I have been stopped on numer-ous occasions by attorneys and non-attorneys in Maryland saying: Why isn’t Paula Xinis confirmed by now? She is a wonderful person. We have had experience with her. I have heard glowing comments about her dedication to our commu-nity, her professional competency, and her qualifications to serve on the U.S. district court. It is for that reason the ABA gave her the highest ratings in their review of her qualifications. She has been in the private practice of law at Murphy, Falcon & Murphy. After just 2 years, she was made a partner in that firm. She has been an assistant Federal public defender, showing her compassion to represent some of the most difficult cases in our criminal justice system. She was a law clerk for Judge Motz on the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. She has devoted her life to under-standing our legal system but also to carrying out its major charge to make sure we have equal access to justice under the law. She got her JD from Yale Law School, her BA from the Uni-versity of Virginia. What I really appreciated, in getting to know Paula Xinis better during this confirmation process, was getting to know her family background; that is, to represent the American story. Her father was an immigrant from Greece, came over with very little resources. They were able to take advantage of the opportunities in this country as an immigrant family. Now Paula Xinis has been nominated by President Obama to serve on the district court for Maryland. Quite a success story, but Paula Xinis has never forgotten her back-ground. She has always been giving back to our community. She is known for her pro bono work for her church members in the church she belongs to, but as Senator MIKULSKI pointed out, in working with the House of Ruth in a mentoring program, she has taken on some of the most difficult challenges to affect the lives of people who are less fortunate. She has an 11-year-old who is like her second son whom she has mentored and given a real oppor-tunity in our community. She has the whole package. She will make a great district judge. Senator M
IKULSKI mentioned the comments that were made on the floor in regard to her support for law enforcement for police officers. I hope, if anyone has any questions about that, read the let-ters Senator M
IKULSKI put into the R
ECORD . I know of some of these cases. I know of the case of Timothy John Longo, who served with the Baltimore City Police Department and is now the chief of police for Charlottesville, VA. He said: 
I have absolutely no doubt that Paula will bring the competency and objectivity that is necessary to discharge the duty of such an important position. She has my confidence, respect and unfettered support. 
Then there is Thomas Schmidt, who Ms. Xinis represented when he was ac-cused of wrongdoing as a police officer. She represented him in the most dif-ficult challenge. Mr. Schmidt said: 
Throughout the entire ordeal, I spent countless hours with Paula and her team. They worked diligently seeking the evidence needed to exonerate me. Although it was an extremely dark time for me, she always made me feel confident that she had my back, and that she was dedicated to seeing that I was vindicated. Thankfully, as a re-sult of her tireless efforts on my behalf, all the charges brought against me were dis-missed earlier this year. 
She has been in the forefront of de-fending those who were defending us as first responders. There are other let-ters that have been written by police officers indicating that Paula Xinis contains exactly what they want to see in a judge: someone who is fair and im-partial and who will carry out the rule of law in an objective manner. So for all of those reasons, we bring you a nominee who is eminently qualified and deserves the support of this body. We would urge our colleagues to sup-port this nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Today the Senate will vote on the nomination of Paula Xinis to be a judge for the District of Maryland. I will support that nomina-tion. Mr. President, I come to the floor at this time to also talk about judges gen-erally. I have been hearing the usual complaints from Members of the mi-nority party regarding the pace of judi-cial nominations. I would urge my col-leagues to step back and look at the bigger picture. The relevant number to consider is the number of confirma-tions during an entire Presidency. At this point in his Presidency, President George W. Bush had 303 judicial nomi-nees confirmed. After tonight’s vote, so far in his Presidency, President Obama will have 325 confirmed. Those are 22 more nominees than Bush had. So as we continue to hear complaints about how many judges are being con-firmed, we should put these complaints in context. The simple fact is, Presi-dent Obama has had quite a few more nominees confirmed than President Bush did. Further, I would note that as chair-man, after this Wednesday, I will have held hearings for the same number of nominees this Congress has had as the last chairman of the committee did to this point during the last 2 years of President Bush’s Presidency. At this point in the 2008 Congress—that would be the 110th Congress—the former chairman held hearings on 43 nomi-nees. At the end of May of this year, we will have held hearings on 43 nominees thus far in the 114th Congress. I yield back all remaining time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Xinis nomina-tion? Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. COTTON ), the Sen-ator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Sen-ator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.018 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2812 May 16, 2016 
and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 53, nays 34, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 72 Ex.] YEAS—53 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse 
NAYS—34 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Crapo Daines Ernst Fischer Gardner Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee McCain Murkowski Paul Perdue Risch Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Wicker 
NOT VOTING—13 
Cotton Cruz Enzi Flake Johnson King Moran Roberts Sanders Sullivan Toomey Vitter Wyden 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. The Senator from Iowa. 
f 
INCOME INEQUALITY Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of a newspaper arti-cle at the conclusion of my remarks. Income inequality has been a hot topic this campaign season. It has be-come the rallying cry of the left to sup-port their economic agenda. Whether it is taxing the rich, raising the min-imum wage, combating global warm-ing, or any other number of policies. If you listen to Secretary Clinton and Senator S
ANDERS on the campaign trail, you would get the impression that income inequality is the fault of Republicans. They contend that their preferred policies will close the gap be-tween the rich and the poor. However, the inconvenient fact is that inequality rose considerably more under President Clinton than it did under President Reagan. Further, it has increased more under President Obama than it did under President Bush. For any of my colleagues wondering how this could be the case, I would en-courage them to read Lawrence Lindsey’s op-ed that ran in the Wall Street Journal in March. Mr. Lindsey’s article title ‘‘How Pro-gressives Drive Income Inequality’’ de-tails how liberal policies have not only failed to reduce income inequality, but may in fact be contributing to it. For instance, my colleagues on the left all too frequently look to ever richer and more expansive transfer payment programs as the solution. However, too often our existing trans-fer programs meant to help the less fortunate act as an anchor preventing Americans from climbing up the in-come ladder. This risks creating a permanent underclass of citizens that are depend-ent on the state for their basic needs. That may be the dream of European- style Social Democrats, but it is most certainly not the American Dream. The Congressional Budget Office looks at this effect in terms of mar-ginal effective tax rates on low and moderate income workers. This refers to how much extra tax or reduction in government benefits is imposed on an— American worker when he or she earns an additional dollar of income. CBO estimates that in 2016 those under 450% of the federal poverty level will face an average effective tax rate of about 41%. Keep in mind that this is just the average. CBO demonstrates how a substantial number of workers could experience marginal effective rates exceeding 50, 60, or even 80%, which is far higher than the top statu-tory rate of 39.6% paid by the wealthi-est Americans. The end result is a worker facing these rates may just decide it doesn’t make much sense to take on extra hours or put in the effort to learn extra skills to increase their earnings poten-tial. Historically, this has impacted married women in the workforce most of all as they are more likely than men to drop out of the workforce com-pletely as a result. Discouraging individuals from enter-ing the labor force, taking on more work hours, gaining extra experience, or learning new skills, is a recipe for stagnate incomes and increased income disparity. But, far from seeking to ad-dress these work disincentive effects, President Obama has made it worse for millions of workers. Take the premium tax credit enacted as part of the Af-fordable Care Act for instance. CBO es-timates it will raise marginal tax rates by an estimated 12 percentage points for recipients. Secretary Clinton and Senator S
AND-
ERS also have provided no indication they would reverse this trend. In fact, they appear to only be interested in ex-acerbating this problem through richer transfer programs, increased costs on employers, and increased payroll taxes. The scapegoat of the income inequal-ity debate on the left has, of course, been the much-hyped top 1 percent. Here we are told that if we just tax the rich, we can solve all of our problems and address income inequality in one fell swoop. But, if increased taxes on the wealthy is a solution to income in-equality, why—as I pointed out at the start of this speech—did income in-equality grow faster under President Clinton than under President Reagan? And why has income inequality grown faster under President Obama than under President Bush? The fact of the matter is that taxing the wealthy to reduce income inequal-ity at best is a fool’s errand and at worst could be a blow to our economy— potentially harming individuals at all income levels. A recent research paper by the lib-eral Brookings Institution looked di-rectly into the question of whether substantially increasing taxes on the wealthy would reduce income inequal-ity. To quote their findings, ‘‘An in-crease in the top tax rate leads to an almost imperceptible reduction in overall income inequality, even if the additional revenue is explicitly redis-tributed.’’ Raising taxes might be suc-cessful at generating revenue to fund greater wealth transfer payments. But it does nothing to rectify the ‘‘oppor-tunity gap.’’ Soak the rich policies do not create greater opportunity for low-income in-dividuals. In fact, wealth transfer poli-cies often have the perverse effect of trapping their intended beneficiaries in soul-crushing government dependency. Moreover, because of their negative ef-fects on economic growth and capital formation, they can reduce oppor-tunity for all Americans. You do not have to take my word for the anti- growth effects of increasing taxes. Re-search by Christina Romer, President Obama’s former chief economist, found that a tax increase of 1% of GDP re-duces economic growth by as much as 3%. According to this study, tax in-creases have such a substantial effect on economic growth because of the ‘‘powerful negative effect of tax in-creases on investment.’’ In effect, what those who pursue wealth-destroying redistributionist policies are really saying—to quote Margaret Thatcher—is that they ‘‘would rather that the poor were poor-er, provided that the rich were less rich.’’ That may result in less dif-ferences in wealth between Americans, but the expense of making us all worse off. Our goal must be to create wealth and opportunity for ALL Americans. We should reject the notion that in order to improve the lot of one indi-vidual, someone else must be made worse off. The leadership of other side has become fixated on redistributing the existing economic pie. The better policy is to increase the size of the pie. When this occurs, no one is made bet-ter off at the expense of anyone else. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.024 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2813 May 16, 2016 
This is best achieved through pro- growth policies aimed at growing the economic pie, not by taking from some and giving to others. Instead of seeking to reduce inequal-ity by knocking the top down a few pegs on the income ladder, policies should be focused on helping individ-uals climb upwards by tearing down barriers that stand in their way. We all agree with the need for a sound safety net to protect the most vulnerable among us. But when that safety net be-gins to act like an anchor holding peo-ple back, we need to be brave enough to chart a new course. This is what we sought to do with welfare reforms in 1994 through work requirements and in-centives. It is once again time for us to review and reform programs so as to minimize as much as possible the cur-rent built-in work disincentives from transfer programs that I discussed ear-lier. Another often overlooked issue is the burden overregulation imposes on low- income individuals. Dr. McLaughlin of the Mercatus Cen-ter in testimony before a Senate Judi-ciary subcommittee hearing earlier this year discussed two negative im-pacts regulation can have on low-in-come households. First, while it is well recognized that regulations can increase transaction costs for businesses, it is equally true that consumers feel the costs in the form of higher prices. Since low-in-come households tend to spend, rather than save, a much larger share of their income, they are the ones hit hardest by the regulatory costs. In this regard, regulation acts much like a regressive tax on the consumption of those that are the least well off. A second point made by Dr. McLaughlin is that regulations can often create a barrier to entry. Setting out on one’s own to start a business is as American as apple pie. It is an ave-nue that Americans throughout history have taken to climb from the poor house to the penthouse. But, the cost imposed by entry regulations can too often stand in the way. This directly limits opportunities of lower-income individuals who are the least likely to be able to cut through the red tape and have money on hand to afford the asso-ciated costs. Research by Dr. McLaughlin directly links entry regu-lations with income inequality. His study looked at the relationship be-tween regulation and income inequal-ity across 175 countries and found that stringent entry regulations are cor-related with significantly higher levels of income inequality. On the campaign trail we have heard Senator S
ANDERS sing the virtues of Denmark in his crusade against in-equality. Interestingly enough, Den-mark scores very well in the World Bank’s ‘‘ease of doing business’’ rank-ing, which looks at the cost, time, and overall red tape in starting and run-ning a business. In fact, Denmark is ranked third, while the U.S. lags be-hind in seventh and has been consist-ently falling backwards since 2008. While Senator SANDERS points to Den-mark as a model for the U.S. due to its tax and social welfare policies, it is Denmark’s regulatory efficiency that deserves our attention. In addition to reducing unnecessary regulatory bar-riers and built-in work disincentives, there is no question we need to do a better job ensuring individuals have the skills necessary to compete in the 21 century economy. There has been considerable research demonstrating that the widening wage gap between skilled and unskilled labor has contributed to the growth in in-come inequality. I consistently hear from employers in Iowa who cannot find enough skilled workers to fill well- paying jobs. If we are to reduce income inequality, we must first reduce oppor-tunity inequality. We have an excellent system of com-munity colleges in Iowa that train Iowans for jobs that are available in Iowa, but those who are chronically unemployed tend to lack the so-called ‘‘soft skills’’ that are necessary to hold down a job. In order to eliminate op-portunity inequality, we must get back to the notion of the inherent dignity of work and ensure that hard work pays off. These are just a few areas we should be able to work together on to increase opportunities for those least well off among us. Increasing opportunity should be our focus, not pitting Amer-ican against American based on their socioeconomic status. If we make in-creased opportunity our focus, no one is required to be made worse off to ben-efit someone else. In fact, by tearing down barriers standing in the way of hardworking Americans, all Americans will benefit from higher productivity, higher wages, and higher economic growth. My colleagues on the other side who are truly interested in reducing pov-erty and inequality should abandon their divisive politics of envy and class warfare Instead, work with Repub-licans on an agenda focused on eco-nomic growth and opportunity to ben-efit ALL Americans. I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Mar. 4, 2016] H
OWPROGRESSIVES DRIVE INCOME INEQUALITY  (By Lawrence B. Lindsey) Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are promising all types of programs to make America a more equal country. That’s no surprise. But when you look at performance and not rhetoric, the administrations of po-litical progressives have made the distribu-tion of income more unequal than their ad-versaries, who supposedly favor the wealthy. The Census Bureau releases annual updates on income distribution in the U.S., pub-lishing three technical statistical meas-ures—the Gini index, the mean logarithmic deviation of income (mean log deviation for short), and the Theil index—each of which represents inequality levels on a scale of 0 to 1 (zero signifies perfect equality and 1 indi-cates perfect inequality). By all three meas-ures, inequality rose more under Bill Clinton than under Ronald Reagan. And it wasn’t even close. While the inequality increase as measured by the Gini index was only slightly more during Clinton’s two terms, the Theil index and mean log deviation increased two and three times as much, respectively. Barack Obama’s administration follows this pattern, despite the complaints he and his supporters have made about his prede-cessor. The mean log deviation increased 37% more under Mr. Obama than under President George W. Bush, although when this statistic was released, Mr. Obama had only six years as president compared with Mr. Bush’s eight. The Gini index rose more than three times as much under Mr. Obama than under Mr. Bush. The Theil index increased sharply during the Obama administration, while it fell slightly under Bush 43. Sure, no president intends to raise inequal-ity. And the spin doctors for Messrs. Clinton and Obama may insist that it wasn’t their fault. But consider their policies. Both Demo-cratic presidents presided over bubble econo-mies fueled by easy monetary policy. There is no better way to make the rich richer than to run policies that push up the price of financial assets. Cheap money is a boon to those who have access to it. Interest rates were also too low under Bush 43, but that bubble was in housing, and the effects were therefore more evenly distributed than under Mr. Clinton’s stock-market bubble or Mr. Obama’s credit bubble. Money matters, but so do other policies, such as the long, historic sweep of the ex-panding welfare state. In 1968, government transfer payments totaled $53 billion or roughly 7% of personal income. By 2014, these had climbed to $2.5 trillion—about 17% of personal income. Despite the redistribu-tion of a sixth of all income, inequality measured by all three of the Census Bureau’s indexes is far higher today than in 1968. Transfer payments under Mr. Obama in-creased by $560 billion. By contrast private- sector wages and salaries grew by $1.1 tril-lion. So for every $2 in extra wages, about $1 was paid out in extra transfer payments— lowering the relative reward to work. Forty- five million people received food stamps in mid–2015, an increase of 46% since the end of 2008. Similarly, 71.6 million individuals were enrolled in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, an increase of 13.3 million since October 2013. In 2008, during the deepest recession in 75 years, 13.2% of Americans lived below the government’s official poverty line. The Great Recession officially ended in June 2009, but in 2014, after five years of economic ex-pansion, 14.8% of Americans were still in poverty. The economy was better, and there were a lot more handouts, but still poverty rose. The structure of American households shows how this happened. From 2008 through 2014, the most recent year for which we have data, the number of two-earner households declined. These two-earner households have become the backbone of the American mid-dle class. Research by the Hamilton Project and the Urban Institute show that when families with children making between $20,000 and $50,000 attempt to have a second earner go back to work, the effective tax rate on the extra earnings—including lost government benefits such as food stamps, the earned-in-come tax credit, and medical support pay-ments—is between 50% and 80%. This phase-out of the ever increasing array of benefits has created a ‘‘working-class trap’’ instead of a ‘‘poverty trap’’ that is increasing in-equality and keeping the income of these households lower than they might otherwise be. While the number of two-earner households declined during the first six years of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.028 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2814 May 16, 2016 
Obama presidency, the number of single- earner households rose by 2.6 million and the number of households with no earners rose by almost five million. In other words, two thirds of the increase in the number of fami-lies under Mr. Obama was accounted for by households with no one working. This is the reason the middle class has shrunk, and the reason inequality has increased. And unless we increase the number of people wanting to work and the number of jobs through eco-nomic growth, inequality will only increase. The flip side of the progressive agenda to redistribute income to those with less is to raise taxes on the ‘‘rich.’’ The data show that it is also an ineffective way to reduce inequality. President Clinton increased the top tax rate on higher earners—yet inequality rose during his administration, and faster than under the tax-cutting Ronald Reagan. The same happened under President Obama. Tax rates went up on upper-income earners. In-equality rose too, and more than under his tax-cutting predecessor. A recent Brookings Institution study— whose authors include Peter Orszag, Presi-dent Obama’s director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget—found that boosting the top tax rates even more, as Sen. Sanders suggests, would have little or no effect on in-equality. The paper explored the effects of raising the highest marginal income-tax rate to 50% from 39.6%. Assuming no behavioral effects, the expected revenue was then dis-tributed directly (and in theory costlessly) to the bottom 20% of income earners. The $95 billion in extra taxes and transfers reduced the Gini Coefficient by only 0.003. To put that in perspective, that reversed only one fifth of the increase in inequality during the Obama presidency. There was a catch. When the authors as-sumed that there might be a behavioral re-sponse by higher income taxpayers, inequal-ity fell—but for the wrong reasons. Less work, saving, investing and more tax shel-tering reduced the taxable income of higher earners and therefore meant less revenue to redistribute So the rich got poorer, by their own choice, but the poor got less in benefits. A true lose-lose situation. None of this should really be surprising. If the socialist ideal of ‘‘from each according to his ability, to each according to his need’’ worked in practice, the Berlin Wall might still be standing. Of course, one of the rea-sons it came down is that a new ruling class emerged to take from the productive and give to those in need, siphoning off a cut of the swag along the way. Ruling classes al-ways have sticky fingers. Redistribution through the political proc-ess is not costless—even in a perfect world there would be a large bureaucracy to feed. Special-interest elites also emerge when so much money is being moved around. They take their cut, introducing even more ineffi-ciency into the system. Presidential contenders who boast of their plans to reduce inequality might ponder the fact that providing more free things is not the answer. Even free college and free health care are paid with taxes that discourage peo-ple from increasing their work, savings and entrepreneurship. Attacking the rich and running against in-equality may be a sensible political strategy. But in the end the programs to implement this strategy make the problem worse. Yet advocates come back and demand the same programs. That is perilously close to the def-inition of insanity attributed to Einstein: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. The repeated failure of political promises has another downside—increasing voter alienation and cynicism. The appeal of redis-tribution is understandable, but voters who think the progressives running today are going to reduce inequality are falling into the same trap as people entering fifth or sixth marriages—the triumph of hope over experience. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, what is the pending business? The PRESIDING OFFICER. H.R. 2577 is the pending business, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Collins amendment No. 3896, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for Lee) amendment No. 3897 (to amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out a rule and notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. McConnell (for Nelson/Rubio) amendment No. 3898 (to amendment No. 3896), making supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus. McConnell (for Cornyn/Johnson) amend-ment No. 3899 (to amendment No. 3896), mak-ing emergency supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. McConnell (for Blunt) amendment No. 3900 (to amendment No. 3896), Zika response and preparedness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, we are working very hard on both sides of the aisle. Senator R
EED and I have been discussing a package of amendments which we ultimately hope to approve by unanimous consent. We are making sure that it is a balanced package, re-flecting both Republican and Demo-cratic initiatives. These are amend-ments that are acceptable to both of us as managers of the bill, but we are waiting for the process to work its way through. My hope is that we might be able to do it this evening, but if not this evening, then perhaps we will be able to turn to it first thing in the morning. I thank the Presiding Officer and suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 3903; 3909; 3917; 3919; 3922; AND 
3921, AS MODIFIED , TO AMENDMENT NO . 3896 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be called up en bloc and reported by number: Heitkamp No. 3903; Barrasso No. 3909; Ayotte No. 3917; Mikulski-Shelby No. 3919; Feinstein- Portman No. 3922; and Franken-Tillis No. 3921, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 3903; 3909; 3917; 3919; 3922; and 3921, as modified, en bloc to amendment No. 3896. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3903 (Purpose: To require a report on the eco-nomic and infrastructure effects on air-ports of collegiate aviation flight training operations) On page 26, after line 21, add the following: S
EC. 119J. (a) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report assessing the importance of collegiate aviation flight training operations and the effect of such op-erations on the economy and infrastructure of airports in the National Plan of Inte-grated Airport Systems. (b) In the report required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the total capacity of collegiate aviation flight training programs in the United States to meet the needs of the United States to train commercial pilots. (2) An assessment of the footprint of colle-giate aviation flight training operations at the airports in the United States. (3) An assessment of whether infrastruc-ture beyond that necessary for operations of commercial air carriers is needed at airports at which collegiate aviation flight training operations are conducted. (4) If such infrastructure is needed, an esti-mate of the cost of such infrastructure. (5) An identification of funding sources, available before the date of the enactment of this Act or that may become available after such date of enactment, that may be used to construct such infrastructure. (6) Recommendations for improving tech-nical and financial assistance to airports to construct such infrastructure. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3909 (Purpose: To allow Indian tribes to use cer-tain funds to construct housing for certain skilled workers) On page 103, line 18, insert ‘‘and, notwith-standing title I of that Act (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), eligible Indian tribes may use funds made available under this paragraph for the construction of housing for law enforcement, health care, educational, technical, and other skilled workers’’ after ‘‘title)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3917 (Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds for the Continuum of Care program of the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development unless the program allows for zero-toler-ance recovery housing) In the matter under the heading ‘‘
HOME -
LESS ASSISTANCE GRANTS ’’ under the heading ‘‘C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ’’ in title II of division A, insert before the pe-riod at the end the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be available for the con-tinuum of care program unless the Secretary ensures that zero-tolerance recovery housing programs are eligible to receive funds under the continuum of care program’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.026 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2815 May 16, 2016 
AMENDMENT NO . 3919 (Purpose: To provide for safety improvements on transit systems) At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act— (1) the total amount made available under the heading ‘‘
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘F
EDERAL TRANSIT ADMIN -
ISTRATION ’’ shall be $113,165,000; and (2) the total amount made available under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY ’’ shall be $113,896,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3922 (Purpose: To allow jurisdictions to maintain access to certain funds deposited in their HOME Investment Trust Fund that would otherwise expire) At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Section 218(g) of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12748(g)) shall not apply with re-spect to the right of a jurisdiction to draw funds from its HOME Investment Trust Fund that otherwise øexpired or would¿ expire in 2016, 2017, 2018, or 2019 under that section. 
AMENDMENT 3921 , AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To require the United States Inter-agency Council on Homelessness to submit a report on improving health and housing outcomes for chronically homeless individ-uals, individuals with behavioral health conditions, and children) At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness shall submit to Congress a report that as-sesses how Federal housing programs and Federal health programs could better col-laborate to reduce costs and improve health and housing outcomes, in particular for— (1) chronically homeless individuals; (2) homeless individuals with behavioral health conditions; and (3) homeless children, including infants, in families that— (A) receive housing assistance under pro-grams administered by the Federal Govern-ment; or (B) could benefit from grant programs ad-ministered by the Federal Government. 
Ms. COLLINS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate now vote on these amendments en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. I know of no further debate on these amendments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? The PRESIDING OFFICER. If not, the question is on agreeing to the amendments en bloc. The amendments (Nos. 3903; 3909; 3917; 3919; 3922; and 3921, as modified) were agreed to en bloc. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3899, AS MODIFIED  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Cornyn amendment No. 3899 be modified with the changes that are at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: (Purpose: Making emergency supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes) At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: TITLE ll ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS CHAPTER 1 DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES H
EALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  A
DMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, $40,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and re-lated health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph shall be used to ex-pand the delivery of primary health services authorized by section 330 of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act in Puerto Rico and other territories: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
HEALTH WORKFORCE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Health Workforce’’, $6,000,000 to re-main available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and re-lated health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph may, for purposes of providing primary health services in areas affected by Zika virus or other vector-borne diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other Territories, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repayment Program awards under sec-tion 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ in-cluded health services regarding pediatric subspecialists: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, $5,000,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, do-mestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be awarded for projects of regional and national significance in Puerto Rico and other Territories authorized under section 501 of the Social Security Act, notwith-standing section 502 of such Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support’’, $449,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally; and to carry out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health: Provided, That products purchased with these funds may, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under section 319F– 2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insur-ance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries: Provided further, That the provi-sions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall not apply to the use of funds appropriated in this paragraph: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, alteration, or renovation of nonfederally owned facili-ties to improve preparedness and response capability at the State and local level: Pro- vided further, That of the amount appro-priated in this paragraph, $88,000,000 may be used to reimburse accounts administered by the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and inter-nationally, including expenses related to carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $150,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and inter-nationally; to develop necessary counter-measures and vaccines, including the devel-opment and purchase of vaccines, thera-peutics, diagnostics, necessary medical sup-plies, and administrative activities; for car-rying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health; and for additional pay-ments for distribution as provided for under the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant Program’’: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to procure security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F– 2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act, as amended by this Act): Provided further, That paragraphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of section 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other provisions of such section, shall apply to such security countermeasures procured with funds appro-priated in this paragraph: Provided further, That products purchased with funds appro-priated in this paragraph may, at the discre-tion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic Na-tional Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That counter-measures related to the Zika virus procured 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.025 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2816 May 16, 2016 
with funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be deemed to be security counter-measures as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1) of the PHS Act, and paragraph (7)(C), but no other provision, of such section 319F–2(c) shall apply to procurements of such counter-measures: Provided further, That $75,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Social Services Block Grant’’ for health services, notwith-standing section 2005(a)(4) of the Social Se-curity Act, in territories with active or local transmission cases of the Zika virus, as con-firmed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Provided further, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall distribute funds transferred to the ‘‘So-cial Services Block Grant’’ in this paragraph to such territories in accordance with objec-tive criteria that are made available to the public: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISCHAPTER  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll. For purposes of preventing, pre-paring for, and responding to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes domestically and inter-nationally, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may use funds provided in this chapter to acquire, lease, construct, alter, renovate, equip, furnish, or manage fa-cilities outside of the United States, as nec-essary to conduct such programs, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, either directly for the use of the United States Gov-ernment or for the use, pursuant to grants, direct assistance, or cooperative agreements, of public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries. S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated by this chap-ter may be used by the heads of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Depart-ment of State, and the Agency for Inter-national Development to appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5 of the United States Code, candidates needed for positions to per-form critical work relating to Zika response for which— (1) public notice has been given; and (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that such a public health threat exists. S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated in this chap-ter may be transferred to, and merged with, other appropriation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’, ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, ‘‘Health Re-sources and Services Administration’’, and ‘‘National Institutes of Health’’ for the pur-poses specified in this chapter following con-sultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided fur-ther, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this chapter may be trans-ferred pursuant to the authority in section 206 of division G of Public Law 113–235 or sec-tion 241(a) of the PHS Act. S
EC. ll. Not later than 30 days after en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this chapter, including esti-mated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations. The Sec-retary of Health and Human Services should also provide quarterly obligation updates to the Committees until all funds are expended or expire. CHAPTER 2 DEPARTMENT OF STATE ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’, $14,594,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That up to $4,000,000 may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other Department or agency of the United States under the Chief of Mission authority, and may be transferred to any other appropriation of such Department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Services’’, $4,000,000 for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health out-comes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Ac-count’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such costs, including costs of modifying such loans, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an addi-tional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to ex-ceed $1,880,406: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. U
NITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  D
EVELOPMENT  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $211,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for necessary expenses for assistance or research to prevent, treat, or otherwise respond to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such funds may be made available for multi-year funding commitments to incentivize the de-velopment of global health technologies, fol-lowing consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this chapter may be made available for the Grand Chal-lenges for Development program: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, $4,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response and research efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘International Organizations and Programs’’, $13,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary ex-penses to support response and research ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appro-priated under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISCHAPTER  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll. (a) Funds appropriated by this chapter under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-ter-rorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘International Organizations and Pro-grams’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this chapter under such head-ings to carry out the purposes of this chap-ter. (b) Funds appropriated by this chapter under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Con-sular Programs’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplo-matic and Consular Service’’, and ‘‘Repatri-ation Loans Program Account’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this chapter under such head-ings to carry out the purposes of this chap-ter. (c) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (d) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the au-thorities provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be transferred back to such appropria-tions. (e) No funds shall be transferred pursuant to this section unless at least 15 days prior to making such transfer the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.027 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2817 May 16, 2016 
States Agency for International Develop-ment (USAID), as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing of the details of any such transfer. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated by this chap-ter that are made available to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases shall not be available for obligation unless the Sec-retary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in advance of such obligation. 
SPEND PLAN REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to the obligation of funds made available by this chapter to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as ap-propriate, shall submit spend plans to the Committees on Appropriations on the antici-pated uses of funds on a country and project basis, including estimated personnel and ad-ministrative costs: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Com-mittee on Appropriations every 90 days until September 30, 2017, and every 180 days there-after until all funds have been fully ex-pended. 
COMPTROLLER GENERAL OVERSIGHT  S
EC. ll. Of the funds appropriated by this chapter, up to $500,000 shall be made avail-able to the Comptroller General of the United States, to remain available until ex-pended, for oversight of activities supported pursuant to this chapter with funds appro-priated by this chapter: Provided, That the Secretary of State and USAID Adminis-trator, as appropriate, and the Comptroller General shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. 
RESCISSION  S
EC. ll. Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Operating Ex-penses’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $10,000,000 are rescinded: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. CHAPTER 3 REMOVING BARRIERS TO COMBATING THE ZIKA VIRUS AND MOSQUITO-BORNE TRANSMISSION OF DISEASE 
REMOVING BARRIERS TO COMBATING THE ZIKA  
VIRUS AND MOSQUITO -BORNE TRANSMISSION  
OF DISEASE  S
EC. ll. Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) M
OSQUITO CONTROL WAIVER .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this section, the Administrator (or a State, in the case of a permit program approved under subsection (b)) shall not require a permit for a discharge from the application by an entity authorized under State or local law, such as a vector control district, of a pesticide in compliance with all relevant requirements of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) to control mosquitos or mosquito larvae to protect the public health and welfare, including for the prevention or control of the Zika virus, West Nile virus, or dengue fever. The Administrator shall not directly or indirectly require any State to require such a permit.’’. CHAPTER 4 GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND PROVISIONS  S
EC. ll. Unless otherwise provided for by this title, the additional amounts appro-priated pursuant to this title for fiscal year 2016 are subject to the requirements for funds contained in the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. ll. Funds made available by this title to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases may be used to enter into con-tracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regula-tions (48 CFR 37.104)), within the United States and abroad, subject to prior consulta-tion with, and the notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the pur-pose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. 
DESIGNATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Each amount designated in this title by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Con-gress. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. ll. This title shall become effective immediately upon enactment of this Act. 
RECISSION  S
EC. ll. From amounts appropriated for the Prevention and Public Health Fund under section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u-11)— (1) for fiscal year 2017, $931,000,000 shall be rescinded on the date on which such amounts are available for obligation; and (2) for fiscal year 2018, $200,000,000 shall be rescinded on the date on which such amounts are available for obligation. 
SHORT TITLE  S
EC. ll. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Emergency Supplemental Appropriations for Zika Response and Preparedness Act, 2016’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3900, AS MODIFIED  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Blunt amendment No. 3900 be modified with the changes that are at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
(Purpose: Zika response and preparedness) At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: TITLE ll ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS CHAPTER 1 DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES H
EALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  A
DMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, $40,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and re-lated health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph shall be used to ex-pand the delivery of primary health services authorized by section 330 of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act in Puerto Rico and other territories: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. HEALTH WORKFORCE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Health Workforce’’, $6,000,000 to re-main available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and re-lated health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph may, for purposes of providing primary health services in areas affected by Zika virus or other vector-borne diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other Territories, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repayment Program awards under sec-tion 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ in-cluded health services regarding pediatric subspecialists: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, $5,000,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, do-mestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be awarded for projects of regional and national significance in Puerto Rico and other Territories authorized under section 501 of the Social Security Act, notwith-standing section 502 of such Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support’’, $449,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally; and to carry out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health: Provided, That products purchased with these funds may, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under section 319F– 2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insur-ance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries: Provided further, That the provi-sions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall not apply to the use of funds appropriated in this paragraph: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, alteration, or renovation of non-federally owned facili-ties to improve preparedness and response capability at the State and local level: Pro- vided further, That of the amount appro-priated in this paragraph, $88,000,000 may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.027 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2818 May 16, 2016 
used to reimburse accounts administered by the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and inter-nationally, including expenses related to carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $150,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and inter-nationally; to develop necessary counter-measures and vaccines, including the devel-opment and purchase of vaccines, thera-peutics, diagnostics, necessary medical sup-plies, and administrative activities; for car-rying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health; and for additional pay-ments for distribution as provided for under the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant Program’’: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to procure security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F– 2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act, as amended by this Act): Provided further, That paragraphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of section 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other provisions of such section, shall apply to such security countermeasures procured with funds appro-priated in this paragraph: Provided further, That products purchased with funds appro-priated in this paragraph may, at the discre-tion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic Na-tional Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That counter-measures related to the Zika virus procured with funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be deemed to be security counter-measures as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1) of the PHS Act, and paragraph (7)(C), but no other provision, of such section 319F–2(c) shall apply to procurements of such counter-measures: Provided further, That $75,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Social Services Block Grant’’ for health services, notwith-standing section 2005(a)(4) of the Social Se-curity Act, in territories with active or local transmission cases of the Zika virus, as con-firmed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Provided further, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall distribute funds transferred to the ‘‘So-cial Services Block Grant’’ in this paragraph to such territories in accordance with objec-tive criteria that are made available to the public: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS —THISCHAPTER  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll. For purposes of preventing, pre-paring for, and responding to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes domestically and inter-nationally, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may use funds provided in this chapter to acquire, lease, construct, alter, renovate, equip, furnish, or manage fa-cilities outside of the United States, as nec-essary to conduct such programs, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, either directly for the use of the United States Gov-ernment or for the use, pursuant to grants, direct assistance, or cooperative agreements, of public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries. S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated by this chap-ter may be used by the heads of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Depart-ment of State, and the Agency for Inter-national Development to appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5 of the United States Code, candidates needed for positions to per-form critical work relating to Zika response for which— (1) public notice has been given; and (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that such a public health threat exists. S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated in this chap-ter may be transferred to, and merged with, other appropriation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’, ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, ‘‘Health Re-sources and Services Administration’’, and ‘‘National Institutes of Health’’ for the pur-poses specified in this chapter following con-sultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided fur-ther, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this chapter may be trans-ferred pursuant to the authority in section 206 of division G of Public Law 113–235 or sec-tion 241(a) of the PHS Act. S
EC. ll. Not later than 30 days after en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this chapter, including esti-mated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations. The Sec-retary of Health and Human Services should also provide quarterly obligation updates to the Committees until all funds are expended or expire. CHAPTER 2 DEPARTMENT OF STATE A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’, $14,594,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That up to $4,000,000 may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other Department or agency of the United States under Chief of Mission au-thority, and may be transferred to any other appropriation of such Department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, $4,000,000 for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health out-comes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Ac-count’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such costs, including costs of modifying such loans, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an addi-tional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to ex-ceed $1,880,406: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. U
NITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  D
EVELOPMENT  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $211,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for necessary expenses for assistance or research to prevent, treat, or otherwise respond to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such funds may be made available for multi-year funding commitments to incentivize the de-velopment of global health technologies, fol-lowing consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this chapter may be made available for the Grand Chal-lenges for Development program: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. I
NTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, $4,000,000, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.030 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2819 May 16, 2016 
to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response and research efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘International Organizations and Programs’’, $13,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017 for necessary ex-penses to support response and research ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appro-priated under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISCHAPTER  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll. (a) Funds appropriated by this chapter under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-ter-rorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘International Organizations and Pro-grams’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this chapter under such head-ings to carry out the purposes of this chap-ter. (b) Funds appropriated by this chapter under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Con-sular Programs’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplo-matic and Consular Service’’, and ‘‘Repatri-ation Loans Program Account’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this chapter under such head-ings to carry out the purposes of this chap-ter. (c) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (d) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the au-thorities provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be transferred back to such appropria-tions. (e) No funds shall be transferred pursuant to this section unless at least 15 days prior to making such transfer the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment (USAID), as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing of the details of any such transfer. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated by this chap-ter that are made available to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases shall not be available for obligation unless the Sec-retary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in advance of such obligation. 
SPEND PLAN REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Not later than 45 days after en-actment of this Act and prior to the obliga-tion of funds made available by this chapter to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall submit spend plans to the Committees on Appropriations on the anticipated uses of funds on a country and project basis, includ-ing estimated personnel and administrative costs: Provided, That such plans shall be up-dated and submitted to the Committee on Appropriations every 90 days until Sep-tember 30, 2017, and every 180 days thereafter until all funds have been fully expended. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OVERSIGHT  S
EC. ll. Of the funds appropriated by this chapter, up to $500,000 shall be made avail-able to the Comptroller General of the United States, to remain available until ex-pended, for oversight of activities supported pursuant to this chapter with funds appro-priated by this chapter: Provided, That the Secretary of State and USAID Adminis-trator, as appropriate, and the Comptroller General shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. 
RESCISSION  S
EC. ll. Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Operating Ex-penses’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $10,000,000 are rescinded: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. CHAPTER 3 GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND PROVISIONS  S
EC. ll. Unless otherwise provided for by this title, the additional amounts appro-priated pursuant to this title for fiscal year 2016 are subject to the requirements for funds contained in the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. ll. Funds made available by this title to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases may be used to enter into con-tracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regula-tions (48 CFR 37.104)), within the United States and abroad, subject to prior consulta-tion with, and the notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the pur-pose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. 
DESIGNATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Each amount designated in this title by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Con-gress. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. ll. This title shall become effective immediately upon enactment of this Act. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, that al-lowed us to move forward on the appro-priations bill we are now considering. I am very pleased, and I thank the rank-ing member for working so coopera-tively, and I thank all of the sponsors of these amendments for working with us so we can start to make real progress on this appropriations bill. MORNING BUSINESS Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I will be submitting a bipartisan resolution to commemorate National Police Week, which this year began on Sun-day, May 15, and ends on Saturday, May 21. Senator L
EAHY and 52 others have joined me as original cosponsors of the measure. The theme of this year’s Po-lice Week is ‘‘Honoring Our Heroes.’’ National Police Week is dedicated to the brave men and women in blue who selflessly protect and serve our com-munities every hour of every day of every week and in every community across the United States. The week affords an opportunity to honor those who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice while striving to make our neighborhoods safer and more se-cure. Multiple events have taken place in Washington, DC over the past week to not only remember those officers who tragically lost their lives in the line of duty but also to honor outstanding acts of valor and service by many oth-ers. Tens of thousands of police officers as well as their friends and family members have gathered in our nation’s capital for these events, which included the Annual Blue Mass, a Candlelight Vigil and a Police Unity Tour Arrival Ceremony, among others. Yesterday was National Peace Offi-cers Memorial Day and thousands gathered on the West Front of the Cap-itol for the 35th Annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service. This solemn service offered an oppor-tunity for all of us to pay our respects to fallen officers and the families, com-munities, and law enforcement agen-cies that have been permanently al-tered because they paid the ultimate sacrifice. We owe these brave men and women our utmost respect and gratitude as we honor their noble profession this week. Each of the officers killed in the line of duty this year started their shift with the same goals: do some good, backup my fellow officers, and return home safely. Some of these officers had dedicated decades of their lives to protecting their communities. One of these officers was murdered mere hours after being sworn to her oath of service. At the National Law Enforcement Of-ficers Memorial, the names of some 200 Iowans are inscribed amongst their law enforcement family. Carved into the Memorial’s walls are the names of more than 20,000 men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.030 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2820 May 16, 2016 
women who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. history. Each are unique in their own per-sonal stories but they are uniform in their fidelity to truth and justice. The individuals are heroes, not be-cause of the manner in which they died but because time and again they an-swered a call to do right, impervious to the constant lurking of danger. Regrettably, 123 new names of offi-cers killed in the line of duty in 2015 will be added to the rolls this week and we know that they will not be the last. Mr. President, the men and women of law enforcement make sacrifices both big and small, frequently missing fam-ily celebrations and holidays because they believe in serving something greater than themselves. The work of law enforcement is not a job, it is a calling. That calling and those officers’ devo-tion to duty merits our admiration and we are deeply indebted to them. I call on all Americans this week to pause and contemplate the safety and security they enjoy. We all must recognize that such peace is the result of sacrifices made by the brave men and women of law en-forcement. I also want to take this opportunity to urge my colleagues to support this year’s resolution designating National Police Week. 
f 
ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, hopefully this week the Senate will vote on legis-lation to reauthorize key elements of the Adam Walsh Act. I supported this important law when it was first en-acted nearly 10 years ago, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of this reau-thorization bill. Over the years, I have worked closely with John Walsh and others who have been such tireless ad-vocates on behalf of missing and ex-ploited children. And as a Senator and former prosecutor, but most impor-tantly, as a father and a grandfather, I take seriously my duty to protect the children of Vermont and every commu-nity throughout the country. The Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act will reauthorize two important programs that assist State and local law enforcement agencies to monitor and apprehend sex offenders. Specifi-cally, this legislation authorizes the Attorney General to continue pro-viding grants to State and local law en-forcement agencies in their efforts to improve sex offender registry systems. The bill also reauthorizes funding for grants to improve information sharing and verification and supports the work of the U.S. Marshals Service in helping State and local law enforcement to lo-cate and apprehend sex offenders who fail to comply with registration re-quirements. Last Congress, I was proud to help lead the fight to reauthorize the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children, NCMEC, which has served for more than three decades as a national clearinghouse on issues related to missing and exploited children. I know that the center works closely with the marshals and other Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies, and the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act will help further our support for these collaborative efforts. The bill also includes an important set of provisions authored by Senator SHAHEEN to protect the rights of sexual assault survivors. I want to thank and applaud Senator S
HAHEEN for her hard work and leadership on the Sexual As-sault Survivors Rights Act. As an original cosponsor of her bill, I sup-ported the inclusion of her important measure as part of this bill. I encourage all Senators to support this bill. I hope that the House will take it up and promptly pass it so that it can be signed into law by the Presi-dent. There is no need to delay any longer our support for the Federal, State, and local enforcement agencies that work tirelessly to protect the children of our community. But once this bill becomes law, our job does not end there. It is not sufficient to just pay lip service to this issue and allow Congress to pat itself on the back for passing an authorization bill. Just as we have seen with our efforts to com-bat the opioid abuse epidemic, a bill that authorizes programs is important and worthy of support, but ultimately an empty promise if it is not backed up with the actual Federal resources that Congress authorizes. I will keep fight-ing to ensure that Congress puts its money where its mouth is and provides the funding that is necessary to sup-port these important efforts. I will con-tinue fighting to improve our laws so that we protect the most vulnerable in all of our communities. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 15–70, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Egypt for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $143 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 15–70 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Egypt. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $116 million. Other $ 27 million. Total $143 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Articles or Services under Consideration for Pur-chase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE) includes: Twenty (20) UGM–84L Harpoon Block II Encapsulated Missiles Two (2) Encapsulated Harpoon Certifi-cation Training Vehicles (EHCTV) Non-MDE items also included are con-tainers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation. personnel training and training equipment. U.S. Government and contractor representative technical assist-ance, engineering and logistics support serv-ices, and other related elements of logistics support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (XX–P– LFW) (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: FMS case ABW–$48M–12 Nov 97. FMS case ABZ–$68M–27 Mar 98. FMS Case CAN–$107M–22 Jan 03. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee. etc.. Paid. Of-fered, or Aereed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 11, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Egypt—UGM:–84L Harpoon Block II Encapsulated Missiles The Government of Egypt has requested a possible sale of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE) includes: Twenty (20) UGM–84L Harpoon Block II Encapsulated Missiles Two (2) Encapsulated Harpoon Certifi-cation Training Vehicles (EHCTV). Non-MDE items also included are con-tainers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor representative technical assist-ance, engineering and logistics support serv-ices, and other related elements of logistics support. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a strategic partner that has been and continues to be an important force for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.031 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2821 May 16, 2016 
political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. The proposed sale of these submarine- launched missiles will support the Egyptian Navy’s Type 209 submarines, increasing its anti-surface warfare and maritime security capabilities. Egypt already possesses Har-poon Block II missiles and will have no dif-ficulty absorbing these additional weapons. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be The Boeing Company in St. Louis, Missouri. There are no known offset agreements proposed in con-nection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require annual trips to Egypt involving U.S. Government and contractor representatives for technical reviews, support, and oversight for approximately five years. There will be no adverse impact on United States defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 15–70 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The UGM–84L Harpoon Block II Encap-sulated missile system is classified CON-FIDENTIAL. The Harpoon missile is a con-ventional tactical weapon system currently in service in the U.S. Navy and in 29 other foreign nations. It provides day, night, and adverse weather, stand-off capability and is an effective Anti-Surface Warfare missile. The UGM–84L incorporates components, soft-ware, and technical design information that are considered sensitive. The following com-ponents of the proposed sale are classified CONFIDENTIAL: a. The Radar Seeker b. The Global Positioning System/Inertial Navigation System (GPS/INS) c. Operational Flight Program Software d. Missile operational characteristics and performance data These elements are essential to the ability of the Harpoon missile to selectively engage hostile targets under a wide range of oper-ations, tactical, and environmental condi-tions. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. All defense articles and services list-ed in this transmittal have been authorized for release and export to Egypt. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–08, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the United Arab Emirates for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $476 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI , (For J. W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN Director). Enclosures. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–08 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: United Arab Emirates. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 468 million. Other $ 8 million. TOTAL $ 476 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four-thousand (4,000) AGM–1 14R/K Hellfire Missiles. Also included are the following non-MDE items: training and technical assistance. The estimated cost is $476 million. (iv) Military Department: Army (AE-B- ZUF, Amendment 2) (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: AE–B–JAH–02 Jan 92—$606 million. AE–13–UDE–06 Jan 00—195 million. AE–B-ZUF–31 Dec 08–$174 million. AE–B–ZUL–21 Oct 09–$252 million. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 11, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  United Arab Emirates—AGM–114 R/K Hellfire Category III Missiles The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has re-quested a possible sale of four-thousand (4,000) AGM–114 R/K Hellfire Missiles over the next three (3) years in increments of one- thousand (1,000) to one-thousand five-hun-dred (1,500) missiles. Also included in this possible sale are training and technical as-sistance. The total estimated value of MDE is $468 million. The overall total estimated value is $476 million. This proposed sale will enhance the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a partner country, which has been, and con-tinues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Mid-dle East. The proposed sale will improve the UAE’s capability to meet current and future threats and provide greater security for its critical infrastructure. The UAE will use the enhanced capability to strengthen its home-land defense. (UAE will have no difficulty absorbing these Hellfire missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be Lockheed Martin Missile and Fire Control in Dallas, Texas. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any U.S. Gov-ernment or contractor representatives to the United Arab Emirates. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–08 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology 1. The AGM–114 R/K Hellfire Category III Missile is an air-to-ground missile used against heavy and light armored targets, thin-skinned vehicles, urban structures, bunkers, caves, and personnel. The missile is Inertial Measurement Unit-based, with a variable delay fuze, improved safety and reli-ability. The highest level for release of the AGM–114 R/K Hellfire Missile Semi-Active Laser is SECRET, based upon the software. The highest level of classified information that could be disclosed by a proposed sale or by testing of the end item is SECRET: the highest level that must be disclosed for pro-duction, maintenance or training is CON-FIDENTIAL. Reverse engineering could re-veal CONFIDENTIAL information. Vulner-ability data, countermeasures, vulnerability/ susceptibility analyses and threat defini-tions are classified up to SECRET. 2. A determination has been made that the Government of the United Arab Emirates can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is nec-essary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign pol-icy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 3. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the United Arab Emir-ates. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), as amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 01–16. This notification relates to enhance-ments or upgrades from the level of sensi-tivity of technology or capability described in the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 11– 37 of 28 October 2011. Sincerely, J. W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 01–16 Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensi-tivity of Technology or Capability (Sec. 36(B)(5)(A), AECA) i. Purchaser: Government of Finland. ii. Sec. 36(b)(1), AECA Transmittal No.: 11– 37; Date: 28 October 2011; Military Depart-ment: Air Force. iii. Description: On 28 October 2011, Con-gress was notified by Congressional certifi-cation transmittal number 11–37, of the pos-sible sale under Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) of 70 AGM–158 Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missiles (JASSM), 2 test vehicles, support and test equipment, publications, and technical docu-mentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The esti-mated total cost was $255 million. Major De-fense Equipment (MDE) constituted $134 mil-lion of this total. This transmittal reports the addition of one test vehicle, a JASSM Missile in which the warhead has been replaced by test in-struments. The additional unit will result in a net increase in cost of MDE of $2 million, resulting in a revised MDE cost of $136 mil-lion. The total cost will remain at $255 mil-lion. iv. Significance: This report is being pro-vided to increase the quantity of JASSM test vehicles Finland will procure from 2 to 3. The additional equipment provides Finland additional capability to support its JASSM missiles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.033 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2822 May 16, 2016 
v. Justification: This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy goals and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a part-ner nation that remains an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. Finland intends to integrate the JASSM on its F/A–18C/D aircraft. Finland’s acquisition of JASSM is intended to mod-ernize its current aircraft munitions suite and counter potential threats. This will con-tribute to the Finnish military’s goal of up-dating its capability. Finland will have no difficulty absorbing this additional test vehi-cle into its inventory. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. vi. Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 13, 2016. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), as amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 0L–16. This notification relates to enhance-ments or upgrades from the level of sensi-tivity of technology or capability described in the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 13– 67 of January14, 2014. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosure. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 0L–16 Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensi-tivity of Technology or Capability (Sec. 36(B)(5)(A), AECA) (i) Purchaser: Government of Singapore. (ii) Sec. 36(b)(1), AECA Transmittal No.: 13–67; Date: 14 January 2014; Military Depart-ment: Air Force. (iii) Description: On 14 January 2014, Con-gress was notified by Congressional certifi-cation transmittal number 13–67, of the pos-sible sale under Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act of: 70 Active Electronically Scanned Array Radars (AESA) 70 LN–260 Embedded Global Positioning System/Inertial Navigation Systems (GPS/ INS) 70 Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing Systems (JHMCS) 70 APX–125 Advanced Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Combined Interrogator Tran-sponders 3 AIM–9X Block II Captive Air Training Missiles 3 TGM–650 Maverick Missiles for testing and integration 4 GBU–50 Guided Bomb Units (GBU) for testing and integration 5 GBU–38 Joint Direct Attack Munitions for testing and integration 3 CBU–105 (D–4)/B Sensor Fused Weapons for testing and integration 1 AIS Interface Test Adapters for software updates 1 Classified Computer Program Identifica-tion Numbers (CPINs) 4 GBU–49 Enhanced Paveways for testing and integration 2 DSU–38 Laser Seekers for testing and in-tegration 6 GBU–12 Paveway II, Guidance Control Units Also included were Modular Mission Com-puters (MMC), a software maintenance facil-ity, cockpit multifunction displays, radios, secure communications, video recorders; a Joint Mission Planning System (JMPS); maintenance, repair and return, aircraft and ground support equipment, spare and repair parts, tool and test equipment; engine sup-port equipment, publications and technical documentation; aerial refueling support, air-craft ferry services, flight test; personnel training and training equipment, site sur-veys, construction, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical, and logis-tics support services, and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. The estimated value of Major Defense Equipment (MDE) was $330 million. The estimated total cost was $2.43 billion. This transmittal reports an update to the MDE status of the MMC and cockpit multi-function displays. The MMC and cockpit multifunction displays included in the noti-fied sale were categorized as MDE by the U.S. Air Force in June and August 2015, re-spectively. Updating the designation of this equipment as MDE results in a $62.2 million increase to the MDE value of this sale. The new estimated MDE value is $392.2 million. The total case value will remain $2.43 billion. (iv) Significance: This equipment provides the Republic of Singapore Air Force im-proved situational awareness and the ability to interpret complex tactical situations more quickly and accurately. (v) Justification: This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by increasing the ability of Singapore to contribute to re-gional security. The proposed sale will im-prove the security of a strategic partner which has been, and continues to be, an im-portant force for political stability and eco-nomic progress in the Asia Pacific region. (vi) Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 13, 2016. f 
TRIBUTE TO PASTOR BENNIE MORAN Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Pastor Bennie Moran of Faith Baptist Church in Morgantown, WV, upon his retirement after 49 years of faith-based service to the commu-nity. Pastor Moran held the church’s first service in 1967 from his home with only 10 people in attendance. Word of the newly formed church spread throughout the county, so the growing congregation had to meet at the Westover Community Building for the next 7 years. In 1973, the church moved into its first permanent location. Faith Baptist Church remained there until 1995, which is when they moved into their current location. Pastor Moran was there helping the church every step of the way. Born in Fairmont, WV, Bennie grew up a son of a coal miner. He attended Fairmont State University for his un-dergraduate degree and received his doctorate from Bob Jones University. Bennie also proudly served his country in the U.S. Army. I am honored to rep-resent this individual who has faith-fully served both this country and his community. Today I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Pastor Moran’s service to Faith Baptist Church and the State of West Virginia. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL OBSERV-ANCES OF GREELEY AND NORTHERN COLORADO ∑Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, for over 35 years, the Holocaust Memorial Ob-servances of Greeley and Northern Col-orado have worked to raise awareness of the atrocities of Nazi crimes and the perils of anti-Semitism and have fos-tered greater understanding and knowledge throughout Colorado. Through various educational experi-ences, the Holocaust Memorial Observ-ances have preserved many of the sto-ries of the courage and bravery that have come to define that period. This month, the members of the Hol-ocaust Memorial Observances com-mittee hosted a series of discussions, films, and school visits, including a presentation by Holocaust survivor Peter Daniels, formerly known as Peter Berlowitz. Thanks to the com-mittee’s hard work, our children, grandchildren, and generations after them will have the opportunity to re-flect on the experiences of people like Peter Daniels and his inspiring story of survival and determination. It is my pleasure to commend the Holocaust Memorial Observances of Greeley and Northern Colorado com-mittee for their dedicated service to this critical cause and to congratulate the committee on continuing to pro-vide a platform for individuals to coun-teract hate and prejudice.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK VAN TINE ∑Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Mark Van Tine, vice president of Digital Aviation for the Boeing Company and chief executive officer of Jeppesen. He is retiring after 35 years with the company as a cham-pion of the aviation industry. Mr. Van Tine leads more than 3,800 employees at Jeppesen, which is headquartered in Englewood, CO, and serves general, business, military, and the commercial aviation sectors. Addi-tionally, Jeppesen works closely with the aviation industry to improve the flying experience at Denver Inter-national Airport. A new navigation pattern design, for example, allows commercial airline pilots to descend in a single, smooth arc rather than a more traditional stair-step pattern, re-sulting in lower costs, fewer carbon emissions, and gentler landings. Since 1981, Mr. Van Tine has held nu-merous positions at Jeppesen, includ-ing serving as its chief information of-ficer, before being named CEO in 2002. In 2012, he became the leader of Boeing’s new Digital Aviation organi-zation, taking on the tremendous chal-lenge of overseeing Jeppesen’s digital transformation. This involved moving the entire global aviation industry to electronic charts, which reduced paper-work and increased efficiency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.036 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2823 May 16, 2016 
Mr. Van Tine is also an active con-tributor to the general aviation com-munity. He sits on the boards of the General Aviation Manufacturers Asso-ciation, GAMA, and the Experimental Aircraft Association, EAA. In 2009, he served as GAMA’s chairman and has since chaired the association’s Secu-rity Issues Committee for the last 5 years. He also chairs the Jeppesen Aviation Foundation, which honors the legacy of Captain Elrey B. Jeppesen by supporting educational institutions, organizations, and students in the aviation community. Encouraging students to become the next generation of aviation leaders is Mr. Van Tine’s greatest passion. His commitment to education has ensured Jeppesen continues to support pro-grams that introduce Colorado stu-dents to science, technology, engineer-ing, and math using aviation. This in-cludes initiatives such at Aurora Pub-lic Schools, Experience Aviation, Rocky Mountain BEST, Shades of Blue, and the Cherry Creek School Foundation. Under Mr. Van Tine’s leadership, Jeppesen has become a sponsor of nu-merous scholarships aimed at encour-aging students to pursue aviation ca-reers. Mr. Van Tine has also created a national STEM competition for high schoolers with the annual prize being a 2-week build of a Glasair Sportsman airplane. This June marks the third year Mr. Van Tine will join students to assemble an aircraft in the GAMA/ Build-A-Plane Aviation Design Chal-lenge. I congratulate Mark Van Tine on his many accomplishments and years of outstanding service to the aviation community. He is truly an asset to the people of Colorado and to the millions of passengers around the world who are safer in the skies and at sea through the use of his navigation services. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SLCC MEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM ∑Mr. LEE. Mr. President, on March 14, 2016, the Salt Lake Community College men’s basketball team walked into the Hutchinson Sports Arena in Hutch-inson, KS, to play their first game in the NJCAA national tournament, the ‘‘Big Dance’’ for America’s community colleges, ranked 13th out of 24 highly talented and competitive teams. Six days and five games later, the Salt Lake Bruins walked out as national champions, having bested the home team, Hutchinson Community College, 74 points to 64, in front of a sold-out crowd of more than 6,000 fans. On behalf of the people of Utah, I commend the Salt Lake Community College 2015–2016 men’s basketball team for their well-deserved championship. In particular, I applaud the Bruins not just because they won, but because of how they won. When a team is awarded the national title after winning 5 games in 6 days, beating the opposition by an average of more than 18 points, as the Bruins did in Hutchinson, it can be tempting to look back at the season and see a pre-ordained path to the championship. But, as head coach Todd Phillips surely knows, there are no guaranteed vic-tories in basketball, only earned ones, even for a team as storied and success-ful as Salt Lake Community College. Indeed, the story of the Salt Lake Bruins’ championship season is one not of assured success, but obstacles over-come. At the end of the regular season, the Bruins had lost five of their last seven games, finishing third in the Scenic West Athletic Conference, their worst performance in Coach Phillips’ five seasons with the team. Entering the regional tournament on a three-game losing streak, the team seemed to be fraying at the edges, their season on the brink of irrelevance. Something wasn’t right. The team was playing well below its potential, and everyone knew it. The easy response for the players and the coaches would have been to point fingers, assign blame, and begin look-ing forward to the fresh start always promised by the next season waiting around the corner. But that is not the Salt Lake way. Instead of giving up, the team doubled down, rebuilding their confidence and rededicating themselves to each other and to their season. And they did this as all good teams must do: together. The Salt Lake Bruins’ always have plenty of stand-out athletes, and this season was no exception, but the 12- man roster that took home the na-tional title truly played and won as a team. To the 16 men who earned this cham-pionship, as players and as coaches, congratulations. Your legendary sea-son—and the teamwork that made it possible—is an inspiration to the Na-tion and one of the many reasons I am proud to call Utah home.∑ f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS AT THE UNIVERSITY OF OREGON ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this year marks the 100th anniversary of the Webfoot Warriors, the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program at the Univer-sity of Oregon. As an alumnus of the University of Oregon Law School, I would like to commemorate this mile-stone. Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, or ROTC, is a voluntary program of-fered at hundreds of schools across the country. Students who meet the eligi-bility requirements and stick with the program receive subsidized tuition and, after graduation, are commissioned as officers in the U.S. military. The ROTC curriculum consists of courses in mili-tary science and history as well as practical skills and leadership train-ing. The ROTC program we know today traces its roots to the National Defense Act of 1916, a bill signed into law by President Woodrow Wilson barely a year before the United States entered World War I. Like many other univer-sity administrators of the day, Prince Lucien Campbell, the University of Or-egon’s president at the time, was a sup-porter of the program. President Camp-bell established the first ROTC cur-riculum at the University of Oregon, placing a retired British military offi-cer—the appropriately named Lieuten-ant Colonel John Leader—in charge. More than 100 students participated in the first drill in March 1916. The University of Oregon ROTC pro-gram commissioned its first officers in 1919, after the Allied victory in World War I, and the unit has produced some truly top-notch officers in the decades since. In fact, the Army Cadet Com-mand awarded the unit a General Douglas MacArthur Award for the 2014– 2015 academic year, recognizing it as one of the top eight Army ROTC pro-grams in the country. According to the unit’s records, the University of Or-egon has produced more general offi-cers than any nonmilitary ROTC pro-gram in the country. The program also counts a total of 47 flag officers among its graduates. As Oregonians, we have long taken pride in serving our State and this great country, and the Webfoot War-riors are hardly an exception. As then- President Campbell put it himself, ‘‘the matter of military training in any school seems to me to be a training for better citizenship, rather than for war.’’ Today I say thank you to all of the men and women of the Webfoot Warriors past and present, and I wish the University of Oregon ROTC pro-gram another 100 years of success. ∑ f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF CLACKAMAS COMMUNITY COL-LEGE ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Clackamas Com-munity College, CCC, in Clackamas County, OR, on 50 years of continued growth and achievement in providing valuable education to Oregon’s citi-zens. From Gladstone, to Oregon City, to Wilsonville, CCC has grown to in-clude three campuses and two exten-sion sites. Now with campuses edu-cating 35,000 students, CCC still has a community-minded focus and provides its communities with affordable edu-cation and training opportunities which aid in creating family-wage jobs. Since 1966, CCC has prided itself on being a welcoming place for students seeking transfer degrees, specialized career technical education, or return-ing to finish a high school diploma. The college has over 80 career and tech-nical programs, from automotive tech-nology and renewable energy, to the ever-growing field of medical and den-tal assistance. CCC has also grown into one of the top community colleges in the Nation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.024 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2824 May 16, 2016 
for our veterans, earning a Best in the West award from the Military Times last year. The college has made service to veterans and military families a high priority and an integral part of its campus identity. The college has sev-eral full-time veterans advocates on staff and the only Army Strong Com-munity Center in the western U.S., connecting military families to the re-sources they need. For 50 years, educators, administra-tors, and board members have followed their vision that has led to CCC being a fixture of achievement in northwest Oregon. And to help continue that tra-dition of achievement, CCC has re-cently launched the ‘‘Imagine Clackamas’’ project, which is a 2-year outreach effort designed to help the college identify where to adapt and ex-pand its strengths. I am excited to see what new heights this great commu-nity college will reach as it thrives for decades to come. It is an honor to represent Clackamas Community College in the U.S. Senate, and congratulations again to the college on its 50th anniversary. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 2:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1818. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures for veterans with military emer-gency medical training to become civilian emergency medical technicians. H.R. 4586. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to States for developing standing orders and educating health care professionals regard-ing the dispensing of opioid overdose rever-sal medication without person-specific pre-scriptions, and for other purposes. H.R. 5046. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that pursuant to section 451 of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (Public Law 113–128) the Minority Leader appoints the following member on the part of the House of Representa-tives to the National Council on Dis-ability: Mr. James T. Brett of Massa-chusetts. The message also announced that pursuant to section 201(b) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431) and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom for a term effective May 14, 2016, and ending May 14, 2018: Mr. Daniel I. Mark of Villanova, Pennsyl-vania and Ms. Kristina Arriaga of Alex-andria, Virginia to succeed Dr. Robert P. George. MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: H.R. 1818. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures for veterans with military emer-gency medical training to become civilian emergency medical technicians; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4586. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to States for developing standing orders and educating health care professionals regard-ing the dispensing of opioid overdose rever-sal medication without person-specific pre-scriptions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5046. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on May 13, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 32. An act to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes. S. 125. An act to amend title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bul-letproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other pur-poses. S. 2755. An act to provide Capitol-flown flags to the immediate family of firefighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, without amendment: S. 2808. A bill to amend the John F. Ken-nedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Per-forming Arts (Rept. No. 114–254). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1626. A bill to reauthorize Federal sup-port for passenger rail programs, improve safety, streamline rail project delivery, and for other purposes. By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, without amendment: S. 2921. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve health care and benefits for veterans, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 2931. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2932. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act with respect to the provision of emergency medical services; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. T ILLIS ): S. 2933. A bill to prohibit certain health care providers from providing non-Depart-ment health care services to veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. M AR-
KEY): S. 2934. A bill to ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a fire-arm are listed in the national instant crimi-nal background check system and require a background check for every firearm sale; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. Res. 465. A resolution supporting the United States solar energy industry in its ef-fort to bring low-cost, clean, 21st-century solar technology into homes and business across the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. K AINE, Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. Res. 466. A resolution recognizing Na-tional Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster- care system; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. Res. 467. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Nurses Week, to be observed from May 6 through May 12, 2016; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a concerted, transformative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 628 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.023 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2825 May 16, 2016 
(Mr. H EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 628, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas. 
S. 688 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 688, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ad-just the Medicare hospital readmission reduction program to respond to pa-tient disparities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 884 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 884, a bill to improve access to emergency medical services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1358, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inter in national cemeteries individuals who supported the United States in Laos during the Vietnam War era. 
S. 1500 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1500, a bill to clarify Congressional in-tent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Sur-face Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 2010 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2010, a bill to provide for phased- in payment of Social Security Dis-ability Insurance payments during the waiting period for individuals with a terminal illness. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce tem-porarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. S. 2041 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2041, a bill to promote the de-velopment of safe drugs for neonates. 
S. 2051 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2051, a bill to improve, sustain, and transform the United States Postal Service. 
S. 2178 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2178, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of the Heartland, Habitat, Harvest, and Horticulture Act of 2008 relating to timber, and for other purposes. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 2417 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2417, a bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copayment of an In-dian or Alaska Native veteran receiv-ing medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2424 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2424, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard- of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 2489 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2489, a bill to ensure that per-sons who form corporations in the United States disclose the beneficial owners of those corporations, in order to prevent the formation of corpora-tions with hidden owners, stop the mis-use of United States corporations by wrongdoers, and assist law enforce-ment in detecting, preventing, and punishing terrorism, money laun-dering, tax evasion, and other criminal and civil misconduct involving United States corporations, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2499 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. FLAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2499, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve access to health care through expanded health savings accounts, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2569 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2569, a bill to authorize the Di-rector of the United States Geological Survey to conduct monitoring, assess-ment, science, and research, in support of the binational fisheries within the Great Lakes Basin, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2577 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2577, a bill to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase re-search and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of foren-sic science laboratories and medical ex-aminer offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the per-formance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes. 
S. 2598 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2598, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, a bill to improve access to durable medical equipment for Medi-care beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. At the request of Ms. H
EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, supra. 
S. 2795 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2795, a bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 2822 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2822, a bill to continue the use of a 3- month quarter EHR reporting period for health care providers to dem-onstrate meaningful use for 2016 under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.011 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2826 May 16, 2016 
the Medicare and Medicaid EHR incen-tive payment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to elimi-nate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2906 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2906, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to require congressional ap-proval of determinations to revoke the designation of the People’s Republic of China as a nonmarket economy coun-try for purposes of that Act. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2921, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to im-prove health care and benefits for vet-erans, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 35, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regard-ing the Israeli-Palestinian peace proc-ess. 
S. CON. RES. 36 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Con. Res. 36, a concurrent resolution expressing support of the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust vic-tims live with dignity, comfort, and se-curity in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Ger-many to reaffirm its commitment to that goal through a financial commit-ment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vul-nerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically pre-scribed needs. 
S. RES. 459 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 459, a resolution recognizing the importance of cancer research and the vital contributions of scientists, clini-cians, cancer survivors, and other pa-tient advocates across the United States who are dedicated to finding a cure for cancer, and designating May 2016, as ‘‘National Cancer Research Month’’ . At the request of Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. GRASSLEY ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 459, supra. 
S. RES. 462 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 462, a resolution urging the United States Soccer Federation to imme-diately eliminate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same re-spect and dignity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3900 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3900 proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 465—SUP-PORTING THE UNITED STATES SOLAR ENERGY INDUSTRY IN ITS EFFORT TO BRING LOW- COST, CLEAN, 21ST-CENTURY SOLAR TECHNOLOGY INTO HOMES AND BUSINESS ACROSS THE UNITED STATES Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources: 
S. R ES. 465 Whereas the solar energy industry has reached 1,000,000 solar installations nation-wide, a milestone that marks just the begin-ning of the role of solar energy as a main-stream power source; Whereas although decades elapsed before the solar energy industry reached the 1,000,000 installation milestone, the solar en-ergy industry projects that the solar energy industry will reach 2,000,000 installations in just 2 more years; Whereas, as of December 2015, there are over 27 gigawatts of cumulative solar elec-tric capacity operating in the United States, which is enough energy to power more than 5,400,000 average homes in the United States; Whereas, as of December 2015, the United States solar energy industry provides em-ployment opportunities for more than 208,000 solar workers in all 50 States and the solar energy industry is creating jobs at a rate 12 times higher than the rate of employment growth in the overall economy; Whereas the United States solar energy in-dustry is a leading employer of minorities, women, and veterans; Whereas there are nearly 4,000 primary and secondary schools in the United States with active solar energy systems, which means that more than 2,700,000 students in the United States attend solar schools; Whereas the cost of solar energy has dropped by 70 percent in the last 7 years and solar energy has brought billions of dollars in new investments to communities across the United States; Whereas continued decreases in cost, new financing models, and innovative programs, such as community solar, have made solar power accessible to millions of homeowners of many incomes and backgrounds; Whereas grid-connected solar energy re-duces carbon emissions by more than 31,000,000 metric tons annually; Whereas, by 2020, solar electric capacity will quadruple in size to nearly 100 gigawatts and employment in the solar energy industry will more than double to 420,000 workers in the United States; and Whereas, having reached the milestone of 1,000,000 solar installations in the United States, solar energy should be supported by sound policies and continued private sector innovation and ingenuity that will propel the United States forward to a stronger economy and well-paying jobs: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports the United States solar energy industry in its ef-fort to bring low-cost, clean, 21st-century solar technology into homes and business across the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 466—RECOG-NIZING NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH AS AN OPPORTUNITY TO RAISE AWARENESS ABOUT THE CHALLENGES OF CHILDREN IN THE FOSTER-CARE SYSTEM, AND ENCOURAGING CONGRESS TO IM-PLEMENT POLICY TO IMPROVE THE LIVES OF CHILDREN IN THE FOSTER-CARE SYSTEM Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. K AINE, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S COTT, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 466 Whereas National Foster Care Month was established more than 20 years ago to— (1) bring foster-care issues to the forefront; (2) highlight the importance of perma-nency for every child; and (3) recognize the essential role that foster parents, social workers, and advocates have in the lives of children in foster care throughout the United States; Whereas all children deserve a safe, loving, and permanent home; Whereas the primary goal of the foster- care system is to ensure the safety and well- being of children while working to provide a safe, loving, and permanent home for each child; Whereas there are approximately 415,000 children living in foster care; Whereas there were approximately 255,000 youth that entered the foster-care system in 2014, while over 107,500 youth were eligible and awaiting adoption at the end of 2014; Whereas children of color are more likely to stay in the foster-care system for longer periods of time and are less likely to be re-united with their biological families; Whereas foster parents are the front-line caregivers for children who cannot safely re-main with their biological parents and pro-vide physical care, emotional support, edu-cation advocacy, and are the largest single source of families providing permanent homes for children leaving foster care to adoption; Whereas children in foster care who are placed with relatives, compared to children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.012 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2827 May 16, 2016 
placed with nonrelatives, have more sta-bility, including fewer changes in place-ments, have more positive perceptions of their placements, are more likely to be placed with their siblings, and demonstrate fewer behavioral problems; Whereas some relative caregivers receive less financial assistance and support services than do foster caregivers; Whereas recent studies show foster chil-dren enrolled in Medicaid were prescribed antipsychotic medications at nearly 4 times the rate of other children receiving Med-icaid; Whereas youth in foster care are much more likely to face educational instability with 65 percent of former foster children ex-periencing at least 7 school changes while in care; Whereas an increased emphasis on preven-tion and reunification services is necessary to reduce the number of children that are forced to remain in the foster-care system; Whereas more than 22,000 youth ‘‘age out’’ of foster care without a legal permanent con-nection to an adult or family; Whereas the number of youth who age out of foster care has steadily increased for the past decade; Whereas foster care is intended to be a temporary placement, but children remain in the foster-care system for an average of 2 years; Whereas children in foster care experience an average of 3 different placements, which often leads to disruption of routines and the need to change schools and move away from siblings, extended families, and familiar sur-roundings; Whereas children entering foster care often confront the widespread misperception that children in foster care are disruptive, unruly, and dangerous, even though placement in foster care is based on the actions of a par-ent or guardian, not the child; Whereas children who age out of foster care lack the security or support of a bio-logical or adoptive family and frequently struggle to secure affordable housing, obtain health insurance, pursue higher education, and acquire adequate employment; Whereas on average, 8.5 percent of the posi-tions in child protective services remain va-cant; Whereas due to heavy caseloads and lim-ited resources, the average tenure for a worker in child protection services is just 3 years; Whereas States, localities, and commu-nities should be encouraged to invest re-sources in preventative and reunification services and postpermanency programs to ensure that more children in foster care are provided with safe, loving, and permanent placements; Whereas Federal legislation over the past 3 decades, including the Adoption Assistance and Child Welfare Act of 1980 (Public Law 96– 272), the Adoption and Safe Families Act of 1997 (Public Law 105–89), the Fostering Con-nections to Success and Increasing Adop-tions Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–351), the Child and Family Services Improvement and Innovation Act (Public Law 112–34), and the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strength-ening Families Act (Public Law 113-183) pro-vided new investments and services to im-prove the outcomes of children in the foster- care system; Whereas May 2016 is an appropriate month to designate as National Foster Care Month to provide an opportunity to acknowledge the accomplishments of the child-welfare workforce, foster parents, advocacy commu-nity, and mentors for their dedication, ac-complishments, and positive impact they have on the lives of children; and Whereas much remains to be done to en-sure that all children have a safe, loving, nurturing, and permanent family, regardless of age or special needs: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of National Foster Care Month; (2) recognizes National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges that children face in the fos-ter-care system; (3) encourages Congress to implement pol-icy to improve the lives of children in the foster-care system; (4) acknowledges the special needs of chil-dren in the foster-care system; (5) recognizes foster youth throughout the United States for their ongoing tenacity, courage, and resilience while facing life chal-lenges; (6) acknowledges the exceptional alumni of the foster-care system who serve as advo-cates and role models for youth who remain in care; (7) honors the commitment and dedication of the individuals who work tirelessly to pro-vide assistance and services to children in the foster-care system; and (8) reaffirms the need to continue working to improve the outcomes of all children in the foster-care system through parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and other programs de-signed to— (A) support vulnerable families; (B) invest in prevention and reunification services; (C) promote adoption in cases where reuni-fication is not in the best interests of the child; (D) adequately serve those children brought into the foster-care system; and (E) facilitate the successful transition into adulthood for children that ‘‘age out’’ of the foster-care system. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 467—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL NURSES WEEK, TO BE OBSERVED FROM MAY 6 THROUGH MAY 12, 2016 Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 467 Whereas, beginning in 1991, National Nurses Week is celebrated annually from May 6, also known as ‘‘National Recognition Day for Nurses’’, through May 12, the birth-day of Florence Nightingale, the founder of modern nursing; Whereas National Nurses Week is a time of year to reflect on the important contribu-tions that nurses make to provide safe, high- quality health care; Whereas nurses are known to be patient advocates, acting fearlessly to protect the lives of individuals under the care of the nurses; Whereas nurses represent the largest single component of the health care profession, with an estimated population of 3,964,000 pro-fessionally active nurses in the United States; Whereas nurses are leading in the delivery of quality care in a transformed health care system that improves patient outcomes and safety; Whereas the Future of Nursing report of the Institute of Medicine has called for the nursing profession to meet the call for lead-ership in a team-based delivery model; Whereas, when nurse staffing levels in-crease, the risk of patient complications and lengthy hospital stays decreases, resulting in cost savings; Whereas nurses are experienced research-ers, and the work of nurses encompasses a wide scope of scientific inquiry, including clinical research, health systems and out-comes research, and nursing education re-search; Whereas nurses provide culturally and eth-nically competent care and are educated to be sensitive to the regional and community customs of individuals needing care; Whereas nurses are well-positioned to pro-vide leadership to eliminate health care dis-parities that exist in the United States; Whereas nurses are the cornerstone of the public health infrastructure, promoting healthy lifestyles and educating commu-nities on disease prevention and health pro-motion; Whereas nurses are strong allies to Con-gress as the nurses help inform, educate, and work closely with legislators to improve the education, retention, recruitment, and prac-tice of all nurses and, more importantly, the health and safety of the patients for whom the nurses care; Whereas strengthening nursing workforce development programs at all levels, includ-ing the number of doctorally prepared fac-ulty members, and providing education to the nurse research scientists who can dis-cover new nursing care models to improve the health status of the diverse population of the United States, are needed; Whereas nurses touch the lives of the peo-ple of the United States from birth to the end of life; and Whereas nursing has been voted as the most honest and ethical profession in the United States for each of the 13 years pre-ceding the date of adoption of this resolu-tion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Nurses Week, as founded by the Amer-ican Nurses Association; (2) recognizes the significant contributions of nurses to the health care system in the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe National Nurses Week with appropriate recognition, ceremonies, activi-ties, and programs to demonstrate the im-portance of nurses to the everyday lives of patients. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3909. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appro-priations for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. SA 3910. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3911. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3912. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3913. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.017 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2828 May 16, 2016 
proposed by Ms. C OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3914. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr . T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3915. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3916. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3917. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3918. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3919. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3920. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C
ASEY , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3921. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3922. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3923. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3924. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3925. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3926. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3927. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3928. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. B
LUNT (for himself, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3929. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B
LUNT (for himself, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3909. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 103, line 18, insert ‘‘and, notwith-standing title I of that Act (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), eligible Indian tribes may use funds made available under this paragraph for the construction of housing for law enforcement, health care, educational, technical, and other skilled workers’’ after ‘‘title)’’. 
SA 3910. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2577, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 238, line 22, insert after ‘‘equip-ment’’ the following: ‘‘(including rehabilita-tive equipment for veterans entitled to a prosthetic appliance under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, which may include recreational sports equipment that provides an adaption or accommodation for the vet-eran, regardless of whether such equipment is intentionally designed to be adaptive equipment, such as hand cycles, recumbent bicycles, medically adapted upright bicycles, and upright bicycles)’’. 
SA 3911. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2577, making appro-priations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER OF EXCEL-LENCE IN PREVENTION, DIAGNOSIS, MITIGATION, TREATMENT, AND RE-HABILITATION OF HEALTH CONDI-TIONS RELATING TO EXPOSURE TO BURN PITS AND OTHER ENVIRON-MENTAL EXPOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7330B. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and reha-bilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environ-mental exposures ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary shall establish within the Department a cen-ter of excellence in the prevention, diag-nosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to expo-sure to burn pits and other environmental exposures to carry out the responsibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish the cen-ter of excellence under paragraph (1) through the use of— ‘‘(A) the directives and policies of the De-partment in effect as of the date of the en-actment of this section; ‘‘(B) the recommendations of the Comp-troller General of the United States and In-spector General of the Department in effect as of such date; and ‘‘(C) guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense under section 313 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 1074 note). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF SITE.—In selecting the site for the center of excellence established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider entities that— ‘‘(1) are equipped with the specialized equipment needed to study, diagnose, and treat health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures; ‘‘(2) have a track record of publishing in-formation relating to post-deployment health exposures among veterans who served in the Armed Forces in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Free-dom; ‘‘(3) have collaborated with a geosciences department that has a medical geology divi-sion; ‘‘(4) have developed animal models and in vitro models of dust immunology and lung injury consistent with the injuries of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who served in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Oper-ation Enduring Freedom; and ‘‘(5) have expertise in allergy and immu-nology, pulmonary diseases, and industrial and management engineering. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the center of excellence collabo-rates, to the maximum extent practicable, with the Secretary of Defense, institutions of higher education, and other appropriate public and private entities (including inter-national entities) to carry out the respon-sibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The center of ex-cellence shall have the following responsibil-ities: ‘‘(1) To provide for the development, test-ing, and dissemination within the Depart-ment of best practices for the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(2) To provide guidance for the health sys-tems of the Department and the Department of Defense in determining the personnel re-quired to provide quality health care for members of the Armed Forces and veterans with health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(3) To establish, implement, and oversee a comprehensive program to train health pro-fessionals of the Department and the Depart-ment of Defense in the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.019 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2829 May 16, 2016 
‘‘(4) To facilitate advancements in the study of the short-term and long-term ef-fects of exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(5) To disseminate within medical facili-ties of the Department best practices for training health professionals with respect to health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(6) To conduct basic science and translational research on health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures for the purposes of understanding the etiology of such condi-tions and developing preventive interven-tions and new treatments. ‘‘(7) To provide medical treatment to all veterans identified as part of the open burn pit registry established under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(e) U
SE OF BURNPITSREGISTRY DATA.—In carrying out its responsibilities under sub-section (d), the center shall have access to and make use of the data accumulated by the burn pits registry established under sec-tion 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘burn pit’ means an area of land located in Afghanistan or Iraq that— ‘‘(A) is designated by the Secretary of De-fense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and ‘‘(B) does not contain a commercially man-ufactured incinerator or other equipment specifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. ‘‘(2) The term ‘other environmental expo-sures’ means exposure to environmental haz-ards, including burn pits, dust or sand, haz-ardous materials, and waste at any site in Afghanistan or Iraq that emits smoke con-taining pollutants present in the environ-ment or smoke from fires or explosions. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $30,000,000 for each of the first five fiscal years beginning after the date of the enactment of this section.’’. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—In carrying out section 7330B of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs for any other purpose. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330A the following new item: ‘‘7330B. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treat-ment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures.’’. 
SA 3912. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the general provisions of title I in division A, add the following: SEC. lll. Any bridge eligible for assist-ance under title 23, United States Code, that is structurally deficient and requires con-struction, reconstruction, or maintenance— (1) may be reconstructed in the same loca-tion with the same capacity and dimensions as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) shall be exempt from any environ-mental reviews, approvals, licensing, and permit requirements under— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) sections 402 and 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342, 1344); (C) division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code; (D) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.); (E) the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.); (F) the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.); (G) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), except when the recon-struction occurs in designated critical habi-tat for threatened and endangered species; (H) Executive Order 11990 (42 U.S.C. 4321 note; relating to the protection of wetland); and (I) any Federal law (including regulations) requiring no net loss of wetland. 
SA 3913. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, in Division A in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Section 218(g) of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12748(g)) shall not apply with re-spect to the right of a jurisdiction to draw funds from its HOME Investment Trust Fund that would otherwise expire in 2016, 2017, 2018, or 2019 under that section. 
SA 3914. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report evaluating the extent to which the Department of Defense has devel-oped a comprehensive force structure plan, including military construction require-ments, to meet emerging security threats in Europe. (b) The report required under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the extent to which the Department of Defense has— (1) identified the near-term and long-term United States military force requirements in Europe in support of the European Reassur-ance Initiative; (2) evaluated the posture, force structure, and military construction options for meet-ing projected force requirements; (3) evaluated the long-term costs associ-ated with the posture, force structure, and military construction requirements; and (4) developed a Future Years Defense Pro-gram for force structure costs associated with the European Reassurance Initiative. (c) The report shall also include any other matters related to security threats in Eu-rope that the Comptroller General deter-mines are appropriate, and recommendations as warranted for improvements to the De-partment’s planning and analysis method-ology. SA 3915. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 124(a) of division A, insert ‘‘, or for any project designated under section 1702 or 1934 of the SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109– 59; 119 Stat. 1256, 1485) and located within that boundary,’’ before ‘‘any earmarked amount’’. 
SA 3916. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 41, after line 25, add the following: S
EC. 127. (a) Section 127(a)(10) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 1987’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2016’’. (b) The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on July 1, 2016. 
SA 3917. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In the matter under the heading ‘‘ HOME -
LESS ASSISTANCE GRANTS ’’ under the heading ‘‘C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ’’ in title II of division A, insert before the pe-riod at the end the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be available for the con-tinuum of care program unless the Secretary ensures that zero-tolerance recovery housing programs are eligible to receive funds under the continuum of care program’’. 
SA 3918. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.021 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2830 May 16, 2016 
amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 152, strike lines 1 through 13 and insert the following: (1) The Secretary shall notify the owner and provide an opportunity for response within 15 days of UPCS inspection results. If the violations remain, the Secretary shall develop a Compliance, Disposition and En-forcement Plan within 30 days of the UPCS inspection results and must provide the owner with a Notice of Default with a speci-fied timetable, determined by the Secretary, for correcting all deficiencies. The Secretary must also provide a copy of the Notice of De-fault to the tenants, the local government, any mortgagees, and any contract adminis-trator. If the owner’s appeal results in a UPCS score of 60 or above, the Secretary may withdraw the Notice of Default. 
SA 3919. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. K
AINE, and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act— (1) the total amount made available under the heading ‘‘
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘F
EDERAL TRANSIT ADMIN -
ISTRATION ’’ shall be $113,165,000; and (2) the total amount made available under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY ’’ shall be $113,896,000. 
SA 3920. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. C OONS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR REPORT ON  
CAPACITY OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF -
FAIRS TO PROVIDE FOR SPECIALIZED TREAT -
MENT AND REHABILITATIVE NEEDS OF DIS -
ABLED VETERANS  S
EC. 251. Section 1706(b)(5)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘through 2008’’. 
SA 3921. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness shall submit to Congress a report that as-sesses how Federal housing programs and Federal health programs could better col-laborate to reduce costs and improve health and housing outcomes, in particular for— (1) chronically homeless individuals; (2) homeless individuals with behavioral health conditions; and (3) homeless children in families that— (A) receive housing assistance under pro-grams administered by the Federal Govern-ment; or (B) could benefit from grant programs ad-ministered by the Federal Government. 
SA 3922. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Section 218(g) of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12748(g)) shall not apply with re-spect to the right of a jurisdiction to draw funds from its HOME Investment Trust Fund that otherwise expire in 2016, 2017, 2018, or 2019 under that section. 
SA 3923. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In division A, on page 50, line 7, insert ‘‘up to’’ before ‘‘$25,000,000’’. In division A, on page 50, line 8, insert ‘‘not less than’’ before ‘‘$25,000,000’’. In division A, on page 50, lines 9 and 10, strike ‘‘section 24407 (c)(5), (c)(6), (c)(7), and (c)(10) of title 49’’ and insert ‘‘paragraphs (2), (5), (6), (7) and (10) of section 24407(c) of title 49’’. 
SA 3924. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in Division B, in-sert the following: 
REPROGRAMMING OF FUNDS  S
EC. lll. (a) I NGENERAL .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, not to exceed $1,100,000,000 of the unobligated bal-ances of amounts made available to the De-partment of State, the United States Agency for International Development, and the De-partment of Health and Human Services for fiscal year 2015, or any fiscal year before fis-cal year 2015, that remain available for obli-gation may be transferred or reprogrammed by the head of the applicable agency for use to prevent, prepare for, or respond to the Zika virus. (b) N
OTIFICATION AND CERTIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days prior to the transfer or reprogramming of funds made available pursuant to subsection (a) or section 7058(c) of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114-113)— (A) the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall certify to the appro-priate Congressional committees that the net effect of all transfers and reprogramming made pursuant to subsection (a) shall not re-sult in an increase in outlays over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2021; and (B) the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, shall submit to the appropriate Con-gressional committees a multi-year spending plan that specifies the proposed uses of such funds. (2) S
PENDING PLAN .—The spending plan sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(B) shall include— (A) the objectives, indicators to measure progress, and a timeline to implement a suc-cessful strategy to respond to the Zika virus; (B) the amounts intended to be transferred or reprogrammed pursuant to this Act, that are made available from prior Acts making appropriations for— (i) the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs to support such strategy; and (ii) the Department of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and related agencies; (C) a description of how any foreign assist-ance planned to be transferred or repro-grammed pursuant to subsection (a) will dif-fer from, complement, and leverage funds al-located by— (i) each government for countries in which the United States will use funds authorized by this Act; and (ii) other governmental, nongovernmental, and intergovernmental donors; and (D) a description of— (i) the resources each government de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i) possess to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to the Zika virus; and (ii) the political will of each government described in subparagraph (C)(i) to use the resources described in clause (i). (c) F
OLLOW UP REPORT .—Not later than No-vember 30, 2017, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit to the appro-priate Congressional committees, a report that contains a full accounting, on a pro-gram level, of funds transferred or repro-grammed pursuant to subsection (a). Such report shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, contain a comparison of the full ac-counting contained in the report to the original spending plan described in sub-section (b)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.022 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2831 May 16, 2016 
(d) L IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-ity provided in the section to reprogram and obligate funds shall terminate on September 30, 2017. (e) P
ROHIBITION .—No transfers or re-programming of funds under this section shall be made from the funds designated by Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(ii). (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate Congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. 
SA 3925. Mr. GRASSLEY (for him-self, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, insert the following: S
EC. 251. None of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used, in any case arising out of the administration by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of any law administered by the Sec-retary, to treat an individual as adjudicated as a mental defective for purposes of sub-section (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, without the order or finding of a judge, magistrate, or other judi-cial authority of competent jurisdiction that such person is a danger to himself or herself or others. 
SA 3926. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall prepare a report, and post the report on the public website of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘Department’’), re-garding Real Estate Assessment Center (in this section referred to as ‘‘REAC’’) inspec-tions of all properties assisted, insured, or both, under a program of the Department, which shall include— (1) the percentage of all inspected prop-erties that received a REAC-inspected score of less than 65 within the last 48 months; (2) the number of properties in which the most recent REAC-inspected score rep-resented a decline relative to the previous REAC score; (3) a list of the 10 metropolitan statistical areas with the lowest average REAC-in-spected scores for all inspected properties; and (4) a list of the 10 States with the lowest average REAC-inspected scores for all in-spected properties. (b) The Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare a report, and post the report on the public website of the Govern-ment Accountability Office, regarding areas in which REAC inspections of all properties assisted, insured, or both, under a program of the Department should be reformed and improved. SA 3927. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In division A, beginning on page 51, strike line 14 and all that follows through page 53, line 3, and insert the following: 
GRANTS TO THE NATIONAL RAILROAD  
PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the Northeast Corridor, as author-ized by section 11101(a) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), and for activities asso-ciated with the National Network, as author-ized by section 11101(b) of such Act, $1,834,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the Secretary may re-tain up to 0.5 percent of the funds provided under this heading to fund the costs of project management and oversight of activi-ties authorized by section 11101(c) of such Act: Provided further, That in addition to the project management oversight funds author-ized under such section 11101(c), the Sec-retary may retain up to an additional $5,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary may retain up to an additional $2,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the State-Sup-ported Route Committee established under 24712 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available to bring Amtrak- served facilities and stations into compli-ance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.). 
SA 3928. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT (for him-self, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: ADDITIONAL RESCISSIONS OF UNOBLIGATED  
EBOLA FUNDS  S
EC. l. (a) Of the unobligated balances made available under the heading ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund (Including Transfer of Funds)’’ in title VI of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113-235) for the purpose of other preparation and response, $250,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (b) Of the unobligated balances made avail-able under the heading ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support (Including Transfer of Funds)’’ in title VI of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113-235) for supporting national public health insti-tutes and global health security, $384,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (c) Of the unobligated balances made avail-able under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113-235), $466,000,000 shall be re-scinded: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
SA 3929. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT (for him-self, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: S
EC. ll. Amounts provided for in this title shall, prior to appropriating any sums out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, be transferred from the following: (1) $250,000,000 from the unobligated bal-ances made available under the heading ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emer-gency Fund (Including Transfer of Funds)’’ in title VI of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113-235) for the purpose of other preparation and response. (2) $384,000,000 from the unobligated bal-ances made available under the heading ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support (Including Transfer of Funds)’’ in title VI of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113-235) for supporting na-tional public health institutes and global health security. (3) $466,000,000 from the unobligated bal-ances made available under the heading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.023 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2832 May 16, 2016 
‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113-235). f 
ARIEL RIOS FEDERAL BUILDING Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4957, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4957) to designate the Federal building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4957) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HISTORIC COLUMBIA RIVER HIGHWAY ON ITS 100TH YEAR Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 387. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 387) congratulating the Historic Columbia River Highway on its 100th year. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 387) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of March 3, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL INDUSTRIAL ASSESSMENT CENTER WEEK Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 403. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 403) designating the week beginning April 24, 2016 as ‘‘National Industrial Assessment Center Week’’ in cele-bration of the 40th anniversary of Industrial Assessment Centers. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 403) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 17, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL NURSES WEEK Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 467, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 467) supporting the goals and ideals of National Nurses Week, to be observed from May 6 through May 12, 2016. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 467) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 17, 2016 Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 17; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.R. 2577, with the time until 12:30 p.m. and from 2:15 p.m. until 2:30 p.m. equally divided between the man-agers or their designees; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings; finally, that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the Senate vote on the motions to in-voke cloture at 2:30 p.m. tomorrow. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:14 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 17, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate May 16, 2016: 
THE JUDICIARY  
PAULA XINIS, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MARYLAND. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.023 S16MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE703 May 16, 2016 
RECOGNIZING CARLOS ELIAS 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , rise today to recognize and pay trib-ute to Carlos Elias on his retirement after 36 years of service to the federal government, 17 years of which were with the Architect of the Capitol. Carlos started his federal career in 1980 with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers after graduating from the University of Puerto Rico. Carlos joined the Architect of the Capitol in 1999 as the Deputy Superintendent of the U.S. Capitol Building, and in 2001 was ap-pointed to the position of Superintendent of the U.S. Capitol Building and the Capitol Vis-itor Center. As Superintendent, Mr. Elias oversees 1.5 million gross square feet and manages 250 employees. In addition to maintenance func-tions, he is responsible for repairs, moderniza-tion, improvements, conservation, preserva-tion, and new construction activities. He also served as lead coordinator for the last four Presidential Inaugurations and he is responsible for the construction of the Inau-gural platform, installation of the sound sys-tem, security fencing, and all other supporting infrastructure. Mr. Elias is overseeing the $60 million U.S. Dome Restoration Project, the first since 1959. Due to age and weather, the Dome had more than 1,000 cracks and deficiencies. The project was awarded in November 2013 and, with Mr. Elias’ management, we expect it to be completed before the Presidential Inau-guration—on time and under budget. Our subcommittee has come to depend on Carlos and his team for their exceptional cus-tomer service and reliability. In addition, Car-los has provided us with invaluable guidance and analysis throughout the years. Carlos’ retirement constitutes a profound loss for the institution. He will not be easily re-placed and will be sorely missed. We wish him and his wife, Ana, all the best in this next phase of their lives. 
f 
HONORING 20 WORLD WAR II VET-ERANS FROM OREGON FOR THEIR HONOR FLIGHT TO THE NATION’S CAPITAL 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the 20 World War II veterans from Or-egon who will be visiting their memorial today in Washington, D.C. through Honor Flight of Oregon. On behalf of a grateful state and country, we welcome these heroes to our na-tion’s capital. This particular Honor Flight brings us 20 World War II veterans from 13 cities and towns in Oregon representing every branch of the military. Infantrymen, mechanics, opera-tors, cutters, flight crew, pilots, seamen . . . each of these brave Americans deserves our everlasting thanks for their contributions to the war effort, and for their sacrifice on behalf of our liberty. The veterans on this flight from Oregon are as follows: Robert Kukuska, Army; Arthur Lyons, Army; Walter Young, Army; Cecil Cole-man, Army Air Force; Michael W. Foree, Army Air Force; Carl Maier, Army Air Force; Gordon Halsten, Coast Guard; Robert Bennett, Ma-rines; Earl Giggers, Merchant Marines; Jack Alsup, Navy; Oral Fitts, Navy; John Hilderbrand, Navy; Robert Lazzarini, Navy; Virgil Luksan, Navy; James Smith, Navy; How-ard Winegarden, Navy; Verl Middlesworth, Navy; Eugene Wellman, Navy Reserve; Wayne Harris, Navy Seabees; and Howard Graul, Navy Seabees. These 20 heroes join the estimated 20,000– 25,000 veterans who will travel to Washington, D.C. from their home states in 2016, adding to the more than 150,000 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Net-work of volunteers nationwide since 2005. Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the courage of these veterans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, com-mitment, and sacrifice in defense of the free-doms we have today. My colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and the volunteers of the Bend Heroes Foundation and Honor Flight of Or-egon for their exemplary dedication and serv-ice to this great country. f 
RECOGNIZING BRECHBILL & HELMAN CONSTRUCTION COM-PANY FOR 50 YEARS OF SUCCESS 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Darrell Brechbill, John Helman, and Linda Brechbill on the occasion of their 50th year in business and well-deserved retire-ments. Brechbill and Helman Construction Com-pany began in 1966 in Chambersburg, Penn-sylvania, and subsequently has grown to be-come a premier design-build commercial con-struction company serving a large portion of the Mid-Atlantic Region. Throughout their 50 years of business, Darrell, John, and Linda have remained actively involved in the projects and business, which has enabled the com-pany to make many of its impressive contribu-tions. I would be remiss to not also highlight the great work these owners have done to posi-tively impact their community. Both Darrell and John have served on the boards of local non-profit organizations, and their quality of work can be seen in the hotels, office buildings, res-taurants, supermarkets, warehouses, and manufacturing buildings they built within their community. I am honored to recognize and congratulate Darrell, John, and Linda on their 50 years of building up not only their business but also communities. They exemplify the true Amer-ican Dream, building something from nothing, and I wish them the absolute best on their hard-earned retirements. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL NURSES WEEK 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Nurses Week and to gra-ciously thank the hardworking nurses residing and practicing in the First District of Iowa. Every day, nurses provide compassionate, quality care to patients across the country. As the largest workforce in the healthcare sector, nurses are often the first line of defense in prevention and treatment to patients. I am confident nurses will continue to do an admi-rable job promoting safe public health prac-tices among the communities in the First Dis-trict. From schools to hospitals to long term care, these hardworking men and women pro-vide compassionate care to those in need. I urge my colleagues to continue to support nurses as they dedicate their lives to the well- being of others. Nurses deserve our recogni-tion for their contributions to healthcare and I am proud to stand before you today and offer my thanks for their sacrifices. 
f 
HONORING MR. BILL ‘‘BULLDOG’’ CUNNINGHAM 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, longtime East Dallas constituent, Bill L. ‘‘Bulldog’’ Cunningham passed away on April 24, 2016, after a courageous fight with prostate cancer. Born on May 3, 1921, Bulldog grew up in East Dallas. He graduated from Woodrow Wil-son High School in 1949 and was a star on the football team. He went to play football at Midwestern State University, but withdrew after one year to join the United States Marine Corps. During his service, he was wounded three times. And awarded the Purple Heart. After leaving Korea, he served the rest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.001 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE704 May 16, 2016 
of his time as a drill instructor at Camp Pen-dleton. After returning to Dallas, he married his sweetheart, Mina, in 1954. They were blessed with four boys, Gregory, Vickers, William, and Michael. He is survived by Mina, his four sons, eight grandchildren and one great-grandson. It was rare to see Bulldog or Mina separately. Their marriage of over 60 years was an exam-ple of a life-long love. The Cunninghams are a very close-knit family. Bulldog made a life-long passion out of his chosen profession of insurance. He based his insurance company in East Dallas. He was a member of the Million Dollar Round Table. In the last year of his life, he was still a national top 10 percent producer for Safeco Insurance. Bulldog was an active political volunteer, along with his wife, Mina. He was very active in the Dallas community, including the Greater East Dallas Chamber of Commerce, in which he was instrumental in their annual Economic Summit, investing a lot of time in building the event, Habitat for Humanity, City of Dallas Planning & Zoning Commission, and numer-ous other organizations and city boards and commissions. He was inducted into the Wood-row Wilson High School Hall of Fame in 2004. Mr. Cunningham will be sorely missed by his family, friends, and the East Dallas com-munity. We have lost a patriotic, hard-working businessman who was the example of who we should all strive to be. My condolences to Mina and the rest of the Cunningham family. Melissa and I are praying for God’s comfort on you during this time of loss. 
f 
HONORING WEST VIRGINIA’S AL-WAYS FREE HONOR FLIGHT AND VETERANS 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the brave men and women who sacrificed so much for the free-doms we hold so dear. Those who serve this great country deserve not only our respect but our deepest gratitude. I stand here today to honor West Virginia’s veterans who are vis-iting Washington, D.C., with the Always Free Honor Flight on May 18, 2016. These veterans served honorably in times of war and times of peace, and they deserve to be recognized and thanked for their service to our nation and their efforts to secure the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. As a country we must never forget the costs of war, the costs to the families of our service men and women, and the costs of protecting our freedom, especially when there are so many in this world who seek to destroy our way of life. I want to thank all those who came with this Honor Flight, and I extend my sin-cerest appreciation for what they have done for West Virginia and for this country. SACRAMENTO CENTER FOR INTER-NATIONAL TRADE DEVELOP-MENT IS SELECTED TO RECEIVE PRESIDENT’S E–STAR AWARD HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer congratulations to the Sacramento Center for International Trade Development and the Los Rios Community College District for being awarded the ‘‘E–Star’’ award from the United States Department of Commerce, which rec-ognizes excellence in export assistance. The Sacramento Center for International Trade Development is a prominent part of the drive to increase exports from the Sacramento region. The program, which is administered through the Los Rios Community College Dis-trict, is a longstanding force for global com-petitiveness in our area. For more than two decades, the Center has provided export services and programs that serve to enhance the effectiveness and profit-ability of Northern California businesses. The Center’s relationship with the Department of Commerce provides Sacramento area busi-nesses with a unique edge, helping to con-tribute to the growing economy in our region. The Center provides critical support to our local businesses, and deserves this important recognition. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the Sac-ramento Center for International Trade Devel-opment and the Los Rios Community College District for their work to support Northern Cali-fornia. Please join me in congratulating them on this significant achievement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL JOHN J. LINDSAY 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Colonel John J. Lindsay for dedicating 28 years of honorable service to the United States Army. John and his family’s devotion, sacrifice, and commitment to the Nation is worthy of praise and recognition. A native of New York, John was commis-sioned into the United States Army as a sec-ond lieutenant after graduating from the United States Military Academy in 1988. He is a com-bat proven leader and a highly skilled AH–64D Apache attack helicopter pilot. John is a true professional and scholar, earning a Bachelor of Science in National Security from the United States Military Academy and a Master of Science in Human Resources from Central Michigan University. He is a graduate of the U.S. Army Command and General Staff Col-lege, the Joint Forces Staff College, and the U.S. Army War College Fellowship Program. Upon entrance into the Armed Forces, Colo-nel Lindsay attended the aviation officer basic course and initial entry rotary wing flight train-ing at Fort Rucker in the 2nd Congressional District of Alabama that I proudly represent. Throughout John’s career in Army aviation, he served in a range of assignments from the platoon level to the Department of the Army headquarters staff. His initial assignment was as an aeroscout platoon leader in the Republic of Korea with the 5–501st Attack Helicopter Battalion, 17th Aviation Brigade. He continued to his second overseas assignment in Wies-baden, Germany with 5–6 Cavalry Squadron, 12th Aviation Brigade. During his tenure with the 12th Aviation Brigade, he served as squadron liaison officer and squadron adju-tant. He later served as the assistant squad-ron operations officer and headquarters troop Commander in 6–6 Cavalry Squadron, based in Illesheim, Germany. Upon completion of his overseas tour in Germany, he returned to the U.S. and served in multiple duty assignments from the National Training Center (NTC) at Ft. Irwin, CA to the U.S. Army Personnel Command in Alexandria, VA. Later in his career, John returned to the 11th Aviation Regiment and served during the initial invasion of Iraq. The Army selected John to command 1–14th Aviation Battalion at Ft Rucker, AL, where he completed the AH– 64D Instructor Pilot course and assumed re-sponsibility of all attack and reconnaissance flight training for the Army. After command, he was assigned to the U.S. Army Human Re-sources Command where he served as the aviation branch chief and later as the chief of maneuver, fires and effects division. Upon promotion to Colonel, Colonel Lindsay attended the U.S. Army War College Fellow-ship at the Institute for Defense Analyses in Washington, D.C., and subsequently deployed as the director of the Joint Operations Center (JOC) to U.S. Forces Iraq. In his most recent assignments, he served as a senior advisor to the Vice Chief of Staff of the Army and also as the director of army aviation for the Army’s G 3/5/7. John was instrumental in the formula-tion of the Army’s Aviation Restructure Initia-tive (ARI), which optimizes the operational ca-pability, deployment and lethality, and deploy-ment in Army Aviation. Mr. Speaker, it has been a sincere pleasure to have worked with Colonel John J. Lindsay over the last three years. On behalf of a grate-ful nation, I join my colleagues in recognizing and commending John for his service to the United States of America. We wish him, his lovely wife Virginia, and their three children, Ian, Emma, and Kevin all the best as they de-part the United States Army and continue on their wonderful journey. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL TEACHER APPRECIATION WEEK 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of National Teacher Appreciation Week occurring last week and to graciously thank all the hardworking educators in the First District of Iowa. Every day, teachers rise and face the chal-lenge of preparing today’s youth to be the leaders of tomorrow. Our teachers are at the forefront of shaping young minds, recognizing potential, and encouraging their success. Across the country, teachers are empow-ering students with the necessary skills to achieve their dreams and become the next generation of leaders of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.005 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE705 May 16, 2016 
As Members of Congress, we must do our part to equip our teachers with the best tools and resources possible to educate our chil-dren—who are our most precious resource and deserve every effort we can make to give them the opportunity to succeed. I thank all the dedicated teachers in the First District of Iowa during National Teacher Appreciation Week for continuing to provide their best to our children and empowering them to reach their full potential. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MUSTANG SUD’S 50 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a milestone for the Mustang Special Utility District (SUD). On May 13, 2016, this local government entity will celebrate fifty years of utility service to residents and busi-nesses in northeast Denton County. The organization started as a small water supply corporation in 1966 with less than 50 connections. The Mustang SUD now covers 100 square miles and 11,000 connections as a provider of retail water and sewer utilities within its designated boundaries, encom-passing cities and communities between Pilot Point to the north and Oak Point to the south. The Mustang SUD is governed by an elect-ed board of directors. The nine directors are elected to three year terms and must be retail customers of the organization and reside with-in the district’s boundaries. Since 2011, the or-ganization has been deemed a ‘‘Superior Pub-lic Water System’’ by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ). To be designated ‘‘Superior,’’ the system must meet the TCEQ’s stringent criteria for overall excellence in the operation of a public water system. These standards include ex-celled efforts in protecting public health, ensur-ing reliable operations and water supply for the system’s customers, compliance with regu-latory requirements and environmental stew-ardship. It is my privilege to represent the customers of the Mustang SUD in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING MR. HAL RICHARDS 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor and congratulate a dear friend, Mayor Hal Richards of Terrell, Texas. Hal is an out-standing community leader and servant for the people of Kaufman County. Hal was born in 1953 in El Paso while his father served in the Army at Fort Bliss. After the military, his father’s job as a petroleum en-gineer took him across Texas to wherever the next oil boom struck. The Richards family even lived in Venezuela for a period of time. Ultimately, the family settled in Garland, Texas where he was an active musician in the Gar-land High School band and even played in a slightly lesser known garage band, The Mono-tones. After graduating high school, Hal took his talents to Texas A&M where he served as the drum major in the Fighting Texas Aggie Band. He graduated in 1975 with a degree in political science, and later he earned his MBA. Hal met his wife Christi while at A&M and they married in 1976. They found their way to Terrell in 1981 where he opened a tractor dis-tributorship and raised his family. The folks of Terrell are glad they did. In 2001, Hal sold the tractor dealership and took over his father’s manufacturing company, Catco, where he con-tinues to oversee operations. Hal decided to give back to his adopted town and ran for city council, and served for one term before being elected Mayor of Terrell in 2007. As mayor, he has been instrumental in the growth of ‘‘Terrell America,’’ the adopted slogan. Hal has served his community in a number of other capacities including: Chair-man of the Terrell Chamber of Commerce, As-sistant Scout Master, member and past presi-dent of the Rotary Club, and his church’s ves-try. Not surprisingly, Hal was also recently named Citizen of the Year. And if he wasn’t busy enough, Hal finally realized a lifelong dream of becoming a pilot in 2003. Hal and Christi have three sons, Jason, Travis and Chad. Like their dad, they are all proud Texas A&M graduates as well. It is truly an honor to represent Hal Richards in the United States House of Representatives. On behalf of the Fifth District of Texas I would like to congratulate Hal for a job well done as Mayor, and thank him for his tireless commit-ment to his family and community. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE ‘‘FROG-MEN’’ OF THE U.S. NAVAL COM-BAT DEMOLITION UNITS IN WORLD WAR II 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I had the privi-lege of meeting on March 30 with William ‘‘Bill,’’ Dawson of Waldorf; Maryland, in the Fifth Congressional District. Bill is the last liv-ing member of the first class of Naval Special Warfare Operators to train for duty with the U.S. Naval Combat Demolition Units that were the precursor to today’s Navy SEAL teams. He is ninety-one years old and a retired Washington, D.C. firefighter who remains deeply proud of his service to our nation and to his community. I was honored to receive from him a copy of his book Before They Were SEALS They Were Frogs, which re-counts the story of the Naval Combat Demoli-tion Units during the Second World War and his own service in the Pacific. First created in 1943 and led by Lt. Draper L. Kauffman, the first Naval Combat Demoli-tion Units were tasked with the reconnais-sance of amphibious landing sites and the demolition of enemy obstacles that would hinder the advance of invading Allied forces. After their specialized training at Fort Pierce in Florida, including the series of grueling tests that is now considered to have been the first- ever ‘‘Hell Week,’’ the first Navy ‘‘Frogmen’’ deployed to the European and Pacific theaters of operation in support of combat operations. Navy Frogmen were instrumental in clearing obstacles on Omaha Beach and Utah Beach during the Normandy invasion on D-Day in 1944, and many were killed or wounded per-forming their dangerous missions. In the Pa-cific, Frogmen demonstrated similar gallantry during the operations to liberate the Phil-ippines, Guam, Borneo, and many other places that had been occupied by Japanese forces and that were instrumental in the ad-vance toward victory. Frogmen were training for cold-water operations in preparation for an anticipated invasion of the Japanese home is-lands when the war ended. The Underwater Demolition Teams that suc-ceeded the initial Naval Combat Demolition Units saw action in Korea and Vietnam, and it was in the early 1960’s that the Navy decided to transition them into the Navy SEAL teams we know today, in a reflection of their broad-ening role beyond the water’s edge. Ameri-cans are grateful for the extraordinary service and sacrifices of our Navy SEALs, among the most skilled, experienced, and courageous to serve in defense of our nation. I’m proud to represent many Navy personnel and veterans in Maryland’s Fifth District, which is home to Pax River Naval Air Station, the Naval Surface Warfare Center Indian Head Division, and Webster Field. I join in thanking Bill Dawson and all of those who were our nation’s first Navy Frogmen for their gallant service in de-fense of freedom and for their crucial role in the history of U.S. Naval Special Operations. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, on May 13, 2016, I was unable to be present to cast my vote on roll call No. 190, Motion on Ordering the Pre-vious Question on the Rule (H. Res. 725). Had I been present for roll call No. 190, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ I was unable to be present to cast my vote on roll call No. 191, the rule providing for con-sideration of the House Amendment S. 524— Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (H. Res. 725). Had I been present for roll call No. 191, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ I was unable to be present to cast my vote on roll call No. 192, on approving the Journal. Had I been present for roll call No. 192, I would have voted ‘‘AYE.’’ 
f 
CONGRATULATING BENJAMIN FRANKLIN PLUMBING FOR BEING RECOGNIZED AS A FINAL-IST FOR THE 2016 SECRETARY OF DEFENSE EMPLOYER SUPPORT FREEDOM AWARD 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Benjamin Franklin Plumbing, of Springfield, Missouri, for being recognized as a finalist for the 2016 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.004 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE706 May 16, 2016 
The Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award is the agency’s highest rec-ognition given to employers who offer excep-tional support to their workers who serve in the National Guard or Army Reserve. This award is an incredibly prestigious honor, as only 30 businesses were selected as finalists this year from more than 2,400 potential can-didates. Mr. Speaker, it is a true privilege to rep-resent the Southwest Missourians at Benjamin Franklin Plumbing, who have earned this nom-ination for respecting our troops. I’m proud to be a part of this community, where businesses like this have taken it upon themselves to act as patriotic role-models and I urge my col-leagues to join me in applauding their being named a finalist for this esteemed award. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OCA’S SAC-RAMENTO DRAGON BOAT FES-TIVAL 21ST ANNIVERSARY GALA 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Organization of Chinese Ameri-cans’ Sacramento chapter and the distin-guished organizations that are being honored at the 21st annual Dragon Boat Festival and Gala. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring OCA Sacramento and these fine or-ganizations. The OCA Sacramento chapter is an active advocate for all Asian Pacific Islander Ameri-cans, dedicated to advancing the social, polit-ical, and economic well-being of our Sac-ramento community. An exemplary organiza-tion, OCA Sacramento promotes civic partici-pation and community involvement. OCA Sac-ramento hosts a variety of annual events cele-brating traditional Chinese holidays and fes-tivals, such as the Dragon Boat Festival, which promote and foster an understanding of our city’s rich cultural heritage. OCA Sac-ramento offers essay contests and scholar-ships for youth, which promote education and leadership skills. OCA Sacramento’s deep in-volvement and commitment to our community is commendable. In keeping with this year’s theme of ‘‘Light the Torch for the Next Generation,’’ receiving this year’s Community Partner Award at the Festival are Wells Fargo, the Sacramento Po-lice Department, and the Sacramento Sheriff’s Department. These community organizations are dedicated to making the Sacramento re-gion a safe and prosperous place to live, work, and raise a family. Mr. Speaker, as the members of OCA Sac-ramento gather at the Dragon Boat Festival to celebrate their 21st anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their unwavering commitment to the Sac-ramento region. IMPROVING TREATMENT FOR PREGNANT AND POSTPARTUM WOMEN ACT OF 2016 SPEECH OF  
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 11, 2016 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague’s com-ments on this legislation, and I’m encouraged by the bipartisan support to advance not only my bill, but all of the important bills we are dis-cussing today. I’d like to take a few minutes to discuss some of the stories of those who have faced addiction. Stories from people in my home state of New Mexico—who have faced the challenges of substance abuse and are healthier today and working to improve their communities. As we come here and discuss the impor-tance of various programs and we debate the need for greater investments—which I think we need to address this crisis—let us not lose sight of the people whose lives are at the cen-ter of this. Mr. Speaker, sons and daughters, husbands and wives, friends and neighbors—everyone is impacted by this drug crisis. I’d like to share Kayla Trujillo’s story. Kayla has been in recovery since November of 2014 and is using her experiences to help others struggling with drug addiction. She is working to become a Certified Peer Support Worker. But at the age of 14, Kayla was struggling. ‘‘As a young teen I had no sense of self- worth, no ability to cope with life, and sought things outside myself to help fill the empty void I felt inside,’’ she wrote to me. She was also a straight A, honor roll stu-dent, because she knew good grades were a ticket to a better life. But one day, she went to her mom’s medicine cabinet and found a green bottle labeled Percocet for pain and took three pills. She writes: ‘‘That day I started my thirteen year love/hate affair with opiates that would forever change my life. Once I was physically dependent on opiates I took whatever means necessary to obtain my pills. ‘‘I resorted to faking injuries, stealing my friends’ and family members’ pain pills, buying pills off the street, and eventually trading sex for pills just to support my daily pain pill habit . . . One day I ran out of pills, was very ill, and there were no pills to be sold so I picked up heroin to stay well. Once introduced to her-oin I knew I had to change my way of life be-fore it was too late.’’ Kayla checked herself into a rehab facility and got help. But there are too many people who don’t have access to the treatment they need. I’d also like to share the story of Joshua Trujillo. Joshua is a Certified Peer Support Worker at Inside Out Recovery in Espanola, New Mexico. He entered recovery after spend-ing 11 years on the streets using drugs and alcohol. He wrote to me to share his story, and I’d like to read from that letter: ‘‘I was in and out of jail for various drug re-lated crimes. I would steal and lie to everyone that came in contact with me just to support my addiction. I attempted to abstain from drugs many times through my own means and would never succeed. In addition, I had been through drug court programs and licensed therapists and could never stay clean. I found it difficult to relate to anyone that had not ex-perienced addiction firsthand. ‘‘In August of 2011 I entered the doors of In-side Out Recovery where I met a Certified Peer Support Worker. Through the CPSW’s own experience with addiction I came to be-lieve that I could live my life without drugs. I had finally found someone I could relate to and learn from. Our talks were invaluable in my early recovery because I knew that if the CPSW could stay clean that I could too. The seed of recovery had been planted with that CPSW’s experience and I immediately knew I wanted to dedicate the rest of my life toward staying clean and helping the addict that still suffers.’’ Joshua and Kayla’s stories of addiction are all too common, and their stories of recovery are ones that we must ensure become more common as well. We are taking important action on the floor today, but let’s make sure that we are pro-viding the resources necessary to address this crisis. 
f 
BARBARA SHORTER 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplishments of a true champion of progress during Black History Month and all year long, Barbara Shorter. Her invaluable contributions to the Tampa Bay community is an inspiration to us all. Today, I am grateful to recognize her selfless dedica-tion and honor her valuable service to our community. Ms. Shorter grew up in St. Petersburg, grad-uating from Gibbs High School. She matricu-lated from Florida A&M University where she then began her illustrious career as an Admin-istrative Assistant to the Dean of the School of Agriculture and Home Economics. She dedi-cated the next decade to teaching before con-tinuing her own education at Florida A&M when she received her Master’s in Guidance and Counseling. Soon after graduation she ac-cepted a position as the Assistant Principal at Northeast High School, becoming the third Af-rican American teacher ever assigned to an all-white high school in Pinellas County. Re-turning to her own Gibbs High School as Prin-cipal, she became the first female African American High School Principal in Pinellas County in 100 years. Most recently, she was an Adjunct Instructor at the University of South Florida. Ms. Shorter is a longtime leader in the Afri-can-American community. She was recog-nized as Tampa Bay’s Black Most Influential in 1983 as well as Pinellas County’s Educator of the Year for two straight years. Her local suc-cesses were recognized on the national level upon an invitation from Secretary of State Colin Powell to President Clinton’s Summit on Education Issues from 1997–2000. Ms. Shorter service was not limited only to her work in the educational field. Throughout her life, she displayed a passion for civic en-gagement. She inspired the next generation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.004 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE707 May 16, 2016 
leaders in the African-American community by being actively involved in more than a dozen associations. Her most distinct honor was being the President of the Pinellas County High School Principals Association and the mi-nority member for the Florida Association of School Administrators. She currently is a member of the Florida A&M University Alumni Association and has been an active member of the Galilee Missionary Baptist Church, hav-ing had longest active membership at 70 plus years. Ms. Shorter was an unabashed environ-mentalist. Her heroic commitment to environmentalism made an unforgettable mark on the Tampa Bay community. Tampa Bay is a better and more beautiful place to live thanks to her efforts. Ms. Shorter has selflessly dedicated her life to our community and the children of Tampa Bay. Countless students and young profes-sionals have benefited from her immeasurable efforts and unabashed enthusiasm. Her com-mitment will always be remembered and ap-preciated. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful Tampa Bay community, I am proud to recog-nize Barbara Shorter for her lifelong exem-plary service to the State of Florida. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF VETERANS SERVICE OFFI-CER, MIKE LAMBARIA 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the retirement of Veterans Service Officer, Mike Lambaria of Atascosa County, Texas. He has proudly served the people of Atascosa County for nearly 10 years. Mike Lambaria was born on October 4th, 1944 to Mike Lambaria Sr. and Ruth Lambaria. After graduating from Pleasanton High School, he attended the University of Kansas and graduated with a degree in Busi-ness Administration and a minor in History. After college, Mr. Lambaria joined the U.S. Army and courageously served his country in Vietnam. He received multiple awards for his service, including: Army Good Conduct Medal, Army of Occupation Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Over-seas Service Ribbon, Vietnam Service Medal, Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, Com-bat Infantryman Badge, and Expert Infantry-man Badge. Following his retirement from the Military in 1985, Mike worked as a military liaison with McDonnell Douglas until 1988. In 1989, he worked in Saudi Arabia as an advisor for lo-gistics and combat. He returned home in 1992, becoming a teacher and coach at Poteet High School until 2006. After his tenure with Poteet High School, Mike began his ca-reer as a Veterans Service Officer for the Atascosa County Veterans Services Office. Mike was known to go above and beyond in his duties. He would drive veterans to their ap-pointments, then come back, see veterans in the office, and help them submit claims. He also assisted homeless veterans in finding places to stay and worked with local churches and organizations to get homeless veterans food and clothing. Mike has even provided monetary assistance to homeless veterans with funds out of his own pocket. Beyond his dedication to his work, Mike is an active member of the community, serving on the Atascosa County Historical Commis-sion, Atascosa County Crime Stoppers Board, Atascosa County Healthcare Center Board, and the Chairman for the Emergency Food and Shelter Program. In addition to his exem-plary career as a public servant, Mike Lambaria is a committed husband to Anita Lambaria. Together they have three sons: Scott Michael, Craig Anthony and John, as well as eight grandchildren. According to Mr. Lambaria, he could not have accomplished the past 25 years of success without the support and love of his wife. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Mike Lambaria, a deco-rated war hero, a devoted Veterans Service Officer to Atascosa County, and a loving fam-ily man. f 
HONORING SENIOR CORPS WEEK AND THE SERVICE OF OLDER AMERICANS 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of national Senior Corps Week. Older Americans bring a lifetime of skills and experience as parents, workers, and citi-zens that can be tapped to meet challenges in our communities. For more than four decades Senior Corps, and its three programs—RSVP, Senior Com-panions, and Foster Grandparents—have proven to be a highly effective way to engage Americans age 55 and over in meeting na-tional and community needs. Each year Senior Corps provides opportuni-ties for nearly 330,000 older Americans across the nation, including approximately 435 in Southern Arizona, to serve their communities. Foster Grandparents serve one-on-one as tu-tors and mentors to young Arizonans who have special needs. Senior Companions help homebound Arizona seniors and other adults maintain independence in their own homes. RSVP volunteers conduct safety patrols for local police departments, protect the environ-ment, tutor and mentor youth, respond to nat-ural disasters, and provide other services through more than 130 groups across Arizona. Senior Corps volunteers last year provided more than 96.2 million hours of service, help-ing to improve the lives of our most vulnerable citizens, strengthen our educational system, protect our environment, provide independent living services, and contribute to our public safety. Senior Corps volunteers build a capacity of organizations and communities by serving through more than 65,000 nonprofit, commu-nity, educational, and faith-based community groups nationwide. At a time of mounting social needs and growing interest in service by older Americans, there is an unprecedented opportunity to har-ness the talents of 55-plus volunteers to ad-dress community challenges. Service by older Americans helps volunteers by keeping them active, healthy, and engaged, helps our communities by solving local prob-lems, and helps our nation by saving taxpayer dollars, reducing healthcare costs, and strengthening our democracy. The sixth annual Senior Corps Week, taking place May 16–20, 2016, is a time to thank Senior Corps volunteers for their service and recognize their positive impact and value to our communities and nation. f 
HONORING HENRY CHAPMAN MER-CER AND THE MERCER MUSEUM 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplishments of Henry Chapman Mercer and the importance of the Mercer Museum. Bucks County’s agricultural history is pre-served in the 100-year-old Mercer Museum, thanks to the foresight of Henry Chapman Mercer. The noted historian, scholar and ar-chaeologist collected and preserved outmoded materials of daily life believing they would be lost forever in the rush of the Industrial Revo-lution. Mr. Mercer gathered and displayed more than 30,000 hand tools and even boats and horse-drawn carriages at the museum he would design and build in Doylestown, Bucks County. More than 50 Early American trades are represented, including blacksmithing, shoemaking, farming, printing, cider making and needlework crafts, some items hanging from the ceiling. All are organized and housed in an imposing museum built over a three-year period entirely of concrete. Through the dec-ades, this National Historic Landmark has ad-vanced in the management of its collections and also in meeting contemporary museum standards. Today, the museum and its new wing offer dozens of programs for all ages. For a century, the Mercer Museum stands out as a place where Bucks County’s past is hon-ored along with the memory of an extraor-dinary man—Henry Chapman Mercer. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MACY MORGAN, ON BEING NAMED THE 2016 RE-GION 4 GOLD ALL-AROUND CHAMPION AND WINNING HER AGE DIVISION AT THE XCEL MIS-SOURI STATE CHAMPIONSHIPS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Ozark, Missouri, gymnast Macy Mor-gan, on recently winning her age division at the XCEL Missouri State Championships and being named the 2016 Region 4 Gold All- around Champion in the face of great life ob-stacles. Macy is an 11-year-old girl who has already conquered more adversity in her life than most people will ever face. Diagnosed at only 8 months old with a form of kidney cancer, Macy had to fight for her life in a situation that most families couldn’t imagine. Despite this adver-sity, Macy fought her cancer into remission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.007 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE708 May 16, 2016 
with an indomitably cheerful outlook. Further-more, Macy has volunteered and given back to patients at St. Jude’s Children’s Hospital, the same health providers that cared for her illness. Macy is now one of the best young gym-nasts in the state of Missouri. Her athletic abilities are known state wide, and she has won numerous medals for her skill. She is re-garded as a natural gymnast, and her coaches speculate that she one day may represent the United States in the Olympic Games. Mr. Speaker, Macy Morgan is truly a re-markable young woman and her success in overcoming adversity is impressive on its own merits. But her working to become an elite gymnast is all the more praiseworthy and in-spiring to other young people in Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District. I would ask that my colleagues join me in expressing both our congratulations and deep admiration for Macy and her achievements. 
f 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE JUDGMENT OF PARIS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 40th anniversary of the Judgment of Paris wine tasting competi-tion, an event that brought global esteem to the California wine community. On May 24, 1976, a who’s-who of French wine and food influencers gathered for a blind tasting of Cabernet Sauvignon and Chardonnay wines at the Paris InterConti-nental Hotel organized by wine merchant Ste-ven Spurrier. Mr. Spurrier selected the finest California vintages at the time. He included Cabernet Sauvignon from Stag’s Leap Wine Cellars, Ridge Vineyards Monte Bello, Heitz Wine Cel-lars, Clos du Val Winery, Mayacamas Vine-yards, and Freemark Abbey Winery. In the white wine category, Mr. Spurrier chose Chardonnay from Chateau Montelena Winery, Chalone Vineyard, Spring Mountain Vineyard, Freemark Abbey Winery, Veedercrest Vineyards, and David Bruce Win-ery. When the experts’ scores were tallied, two wines from California’s Napa Valley—the 1973 Chateau Montelena Winery Chardonnay by winemaker Miljenko ‘‘Mike’’ Grgich and the Stag’s Leap Wine Cellars 1973 Cabernet Sauvignon made by Warren Winiarski—came out on top, forever changing the way the world views American wine. George Taber documented this consequen-tial decision in a TIME magazine article, ‘‘Mod-ern Living: Judgment of Paris.’’ The resulting coverage of the Judgment of Paris created an immediate and positive impact on the world of wine, and inspired among experts, consumers, and the trade a new appreciation for California wines. The Napa Valley is now recognized inter-nationally as the vanguard of the American wine business. The California wine community now adds $61.5 billion to the state’s economy and $121.8 billion to the United States econ-omy. The wine community supports 330,000 jobs in the state and brings more than 21 mil-lion visitors to California wine regions annu-ally. Wine is now produced in all fifty of the United States, and enjoyed at ever increasing levels by consumers throughout the country. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we recognize and honor the historical significance of the 40th anniversary of this event, as well as the impact of the California victory on the world of wine and the United States wine in-dustry as a whole. To recognize the 40th anniversary of the Judgment of Paris, Rep. DUNCAN HUNTER and I, House Leadership from both sides of the aisle, and the entire California delegation will submit the following language as a resolution: Whereas forty years ago in Paris, a number of leading French wine experts were invited by Wine Merchant Stephen Spurrier to blind taste some of the greatest wines of France and California; Whereas those prestigious experts chose the 1973 Chateau Montelena Winery Napa Valley Chardonnay by winemaker Miljenko ‘‘Mike’’ Grgich as the finest white wine in the tasting; Whereas those same experts chose the 1973 Stag’s Leap Wine Cellars S.L.V. Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon made by Warren Winiarski as the finest red wine in the tasting; Whereas the resulting story by journalist George Taber found widespread distribution throughout the press, notably in TIME maga-zine, as ‘‘The Shot Heard Round the World’’; Whereas this attention created an imme-diate, positive impact on the world of wine, and created among experts, consumers and the trade a new and enthusiastic appreciation for California wines; Whereas wine is now produced in all fifty of the United States, and enjoyed at ever in-creasing levels by consumers throughout the country; Whereas the Smithsonian Institution’s Na-tional Museum of American History exhibits the winning bottles in its permanent collections (the 1973 Chateau Montelena Winery Chardonnay and the 1973 Stag’s Leap Wine Cellars S.L.V. Cabernet Sauvignon), and has included those bottles in their selection of re-markable objects in the book The Smithsonian’s History of America in 101 Ob-jects by Richard Kurin; Whereas the Napa Valley is now recognized internationally as a vanguard of the United States wine business and contributes more than $162 billion to the nation’s economy. Resolved, That the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives recognizes and honors the histor-ical significance of the 40th Anniversary of the Judgment of Paris, and the impact of the Cali-fornia victory at the 1976 Paris Tasting on the world of wine and the American wine industry as a whole. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to a conflict, I unavoidably missed the following votes on May 13, 2016. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: On roll call No. 190, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (May 13) (On Ordering the Previous Question for Providing for consideration of the bill (S. 524) the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016). On roll call No. 191, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (May 13) (On Agreeing to the Resolu-tion for Providing for consideration of the bill (S. 524) the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016). On roll call No. 192, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (May 13) (On Approving the Journal). On roll call No. 193, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (May 13) (On Passage of S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016). f 
IN HONOR OF THE HONORABLE JE-ROME E. GAFF, U.S. ARMY, VIET-NAM 1969–1970 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jerome Edward Gaff, May 30, 1946, in recognition of his outstanding service to the United States Army. Jerry is the son of John M. and Dorothy A. Gaff who raised Jerry in Chelsea, MA. Jerry grew up alongside his brothers Harold, Jack, Tom, and sister, Loretta. Jerry and his family relocated to Everett MA, where he made his residence from 1950–1969. He graduated from Everett High School in 1964, and soon after, began working at General Edwards Inn Restaurant in the Point of Pines Section of Revere with his brothers and sisters. He was drafted into the U.S. Army on April 19, 1969, where he served his tour of duty in Vietnam from September 1969 to November 1970. While serving in the Army, he served with the 1st Infantry Division (Big Red One) Sept. 1969 to Mar. 1970 and the 11th Armored Cav-alry Regiment (Black Horse) Mar. 1970 to Nov. 1970. He was stationed at the U.S. Army base located in Lai Khe, northwest of Saigon. During his time in the Army he was active in the major battle of the Cambodian Incursion from May to June, 1970. He received several medals for his Army service including: Na-tional Defense Service Medal, Army Com-mendation Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, Bronze Star Medal and the Vietnam Campaign Medal. Although Jerry is a decorated veteran of the Vietnam Conflict he seldom spoke of his distinguished military career, and upon return-ing stateside focused his attention to raising his family, but never forgot those who served with him, and stills serves as an advocate for all veterans today. When he returned from the war, he contin-ued to work at the General Edwards Inn. He attended college before and after the war, studying education and Spanish. In 1972, he was married and had four daughters, Nancy 42, Shannon 41, Lauren 39 and Marybeth 38. Jerry and his family moved to Sandown, NH in the summer of 1978, just prior to the opening of his restaurant The Village Square Inn, lo-cated in Hampstead, NH. Jerry was owner/ chef at the restaurant through the early 90’s. He continued to be a well-respected chef in the southern New Hampshire area until his re-cent retirement. In his retirement, Jerry enjoys 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.011 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE709 May 16, 2016 
his summers at the lake and spending time with his friends and family, including his girlfriend Gail and his nine grandchildren. Jerry is an avid sports fan, who excelled in hockey as a young man, is an outstanding horseshoe player, excellent cribbage player, and fisher-man. Jerry has positively influenced everyone in his lifetime and is the definition of what it means to be a Father, Grandfather, and Friend. Mr. Speaker, Jerry is a true gentleman and is known for being funny, kind and caring. He continues to support his fellow veterans by meeting with others at his local Veterans hos-pitals/clinics. His dedication to those he served with is only exceeded by his dedication to his family and friends. Mr. Speaker, I wish to congratulate Jerry on the occasion of his 70th birthday. I find it only fitting that we honor Jerry’s lifetime of accom-plishments as a testament of his excellent mili-tary service, outstanding character, his posi-tive influence on all those who have met him, and his commitment to his family and commu-nity. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE EXPAND-ING DHS OVERSEAS PASSENGER SECURITY SCREENING AND VET-TING OPERATIONS ACT 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, over the past several years, terrorists have exploited legitimate channels of travel to the United States from countries around the globe with the intention of conducting attacks. To prevent terrorist travel, the Department of Homeland Security has ‘‘pushed out our bor-ders’’ by expanding its presence and partner-ships around the world to ensure vetting of passengers well in advance of their arrival in the United States. Today, I am introducing the ‘‘Expanding DHS Overseas Passenger Security Screening and Vetting Operations Act’’ to enhance DHS’ overseas operations that vet and screen for-eign travelers to the United States by, among other things: Requiring DHS to use a strategic, risk- based, and coordinated approach to expand overseas operations; Increasing U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection’s (CBP) capacity to screen additional passengers and facilitate travel by authorizing an additional 2,000 CBP Officers and 600 Ag-riculture Specialists to address existing do-mestic staffing shortages, particularly at U.S. international airports, while expanding over-seas operations; and Expanding U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) visa vetting operations by directing ICE to stand up an additional 50 Visa Security Units at overseas visa-issuing posts abroad and authorizing the PATRIOT auto-mated visa vetting program at 50 additional high-risk locations. My legislation, which I am introducing with Representatives L
ORETTA SANCHEZ (CA), S HEI-
LAJACKSON LEE(TX), W ILLIAM R. K EATING  (MA), D
ONALD M. P AYNE , Jr. (NJ), B ONNIE  W
ATSON COLEMAN (NJ), and Y VETTE D. C
LARKE (NY), would bolster the effectiveness of recent VWP reforms and strengthen DHS’ capacity to prevent terrorists and other dan-gerous people from entering the U.S. f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE CITY OF BOWIE 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to mark an important milestone in the history of the Fifth District and the State of Maryland. This year, the City of Bowie celebrates the centennial of its incorporation, which took place on April 18, 1916. In the intervening century, Bowie has grown and flourished, becoming the fifth-larg-est city in Maryland and a vibrant and diverse community. Bowie has its roots in a small village called Huntington City that developed in 1870 along-side a railroad depot named for Maryland Governor Oden Bowie, a local resident who had been instrumental in bringing the railroad to the area. Within twelve years, the village had grown into a small town of several streets lined with shops and houses, which was re-named Bowie after the rail station. When the Town of Bowie was first incorporated in 1916, its first commissioners were R.P. Watts, Wil-liam Luers, and Thomas P. Littlepage, who held their town meetings in the Knights of St. John Hall, which still stands today. In the 1950’s, Bowie began to spread south of the original railroad settlement to include new suburban developments. These included Belair at Bowie, whose annexation by the Town of Bowie marked the beginning of to-day’s City of Bowie. Today, the city operates under the same charter as it adopted in 1916 and is home to approximately 56,000 Mary-landers. While still retaining the feel of a small town, Bowie has grown to include a number of new suburban developments that have brought diversity and economic opportunity that are benefitting the residents of Bowie and the surrounding area. I’m honored to represent the City of Bowie and its residents in Congress. Bowie con-tinues to follow an upward trajectory of growth and development, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with the Mayor and city officials to ensure that Bowie has all the resources it requires to succeed. I hope my colleagues will join me in marking this important milestone for Bowie and wishing it much success as it en-ters its second century of incorporation. 
f 
HONORING JERRY CLARK 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life of Jerry Clark, who passed away in February. Jerry was a standout civic leader who was devoted to the people of the District and its causes. Jerry Clark was also a particularly avid leader of our D.C. statehood movement and a leader in the lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, and transgender (LGBT) community. Because the District has been fighting for equal citizenship rights for its entire two cen-turies of existence, Jerry’s consistently de-voted leadership stands out through ups and downs, whether on the nuts and bolts or the big issues, without fanfare. Jerry, who was born in Indiana, was there for D.C. without fail, carrying the banner of freedom for his adopted city. Jerry brought similar vigor to other causes and endeavors. A graduate of Princeton Uni-versity and the University of Chicago Law School, Jerry completed his doctoral studies and then spent his career dedicated to work-ers as executive director of the United Mine Workers Health and Retirement Funds. At the same time, Jerry threw himself into work for LGBT rights. That work earned Jerry the Distinguished Service Award for exemplary and dedicated work for the LGBT community in the District of Columbia from the D.C. Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance. His work was so widespread in the District that former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray appointed Clark to the Mayor’s committee on the 50th anniversary of the 1963 March on Washington. Our city has lost a true crusader who never stopped stand-ing up for equality for the disenfranchised. Among the many organizations that have benefited from Jerry’s service are the Gertrude Stein Democratic Club, the National LGBTQ Task Force, the DC for Democracy, DC State-hood Coalition, Bread for the Soul, Ward 1 Democrats, the Coalition to Stop Gun Vio-lence, the Law and Society Association, the Whitman-Walker HealthSpring Gala, and the Democratic National Committee Gay and Les-bian Leadership Council. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to join me in honoring the full and productive life of Jerry Clark and for his dedicated work with District of Columbia residents, for D.C. Statehood, for the LGBT community, and for workers. f 
HONORING EVALYNN DIAMOND 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my dear friend, Evalynn (‘‘Evy’’) Diamond. Evy represented the best of our great State of New Mexico: she was a loving wife and mother, a loyal friend to so many, a brilliant, hard-work-ing and talented teacher, and a dedicated ac-tivist in our community. Evy and her husband of 40 years, Jeff, met in 1975 when they were both teaching at Tem-ple Beth Shalom in Santa Ana, California. They shared a love for the state of Israel and became active in the Anti-Defamation League (ADL). She and Jeff fund ADL’s A World of Difference program in Haifa which fosters tol-erance between Jewish, Christian, and Muslim children. Evy made frequent trips to Israel to meet with Israeli leaders, journalists, and other activists, whether Jewish or Muslim, to uphold the values of the ADL. She was a committed activist who dedicated much of her life to pro-moting peace and cooperation. In addition to her work with the ADL, Evy worked tirelessly with Jeff to promote and fund cancer research. After their son Shannon died from melanoma on August 31, 2009, they es-tablished a fund in his memory at the Univer-sity of New Mexico Cancer Center Foundation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.014 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE710 May 16, 2016 
The fund seeks to educate the public about early diagnosis, preventions and treatment of melanoma in medically underserved commu-nities in New Mexico. Whether working with the ADL or funding cancer research, Evy has consistently demonstrated her compassion and devotion to fighting for important causes. However, Evy’s greatest love, after Jeff and her sons, was her career as a teacher. She was an outstanding educator who instilled a love of learning, hard work, and excellence in all her students. Those students have gone on to become leaders in law enforcement, health care, and many other professions throughout our community. Indeed, we need more teach-ers like Evy who devote themselves to their students with passion and find innovative ways to teach and support her students. On April 18, 2016, at the age of 84, Evy passed away in her home in Carlsbad with Jeff and her son, Max Shaw, at her side. In addition to her husband Jeff and her son Max, she is survived by Shannon’s wife, Christine, and their two children, Jacob and Marlena Shaw Davis. Evy was a true friend whom we will all miss dearly. I cherish our friendship and all of the wonderful contributions she has made to our state. Her memory and legacy is a blessing to us all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GUAM DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION SCHOOL NURSES 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate nurses and school nurse support staff of the Guam De-partment of Education (GDOE) in honor of the 2016 National School Nurses Day. There are currently 44 Registered Nurses and 3 Li-censed Practical Nurses serving the students of the Guam Department of Education. These nurses take on the daunting task of caring for the Guam Department of Education’s more than 30,000 students and nearly 4,000 em-ployees of the Guam Department of Edu-cation. These school nurses work day in and day out to remove the barriers to learning and ensure the health of our island’s children. Guam Department of Education nurses join the National Association of School Nurses in celebrating the theme of this year’s School Nurses Day: Better Health; Better Learning. They also join the American Nurses Associa-tion in celebrating the 2016 Nurses Week: Culture of Safety; It Starts With You! GDOE nurses have chosen to celebrate National School Nurses Day by teaching students how to conduct hands only CPR. Every year the GDOE nurses serve a critical role in providing a safe and healthy learning environment for students throughout Guam’s public elementary, middle, and high schools. GDOE nurses provide frontline, critical care for the most fragile children in our community and are members of health teams that support both educational and response initiatives dedi-cated to improving public health. Additionally, school nurses are liaisons to the school ad-ministrators, parents and healthcare providers when it comes to attending to the physical health of our island’s students. Every school year is different and chal-lenging for the GDOE nurses. In April, the school nurses received a call from the Depart-ment of Public Health and Social Services asking them to administer 5,000 doses of TB skin test solution to GDOE students and staff who need updates. The school nurses em-braced the challenge and were able to host TB clinics in almost every GDOE school for students and staff. Despite these challenges, our island’s school nurses have responded to these needs with professionalism and passion for the school communities they serve. I commend and congratulate nurses and school nurse support staff of the Guam De-partment of Education (GDOE) as they cele-brate the 2016 National School Nurses Day and on a successful school year. I join the people of Guam in expressing our apprecia-tion for their contributions to Guam’s school communities. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on May 10 and 11, 2016 I was absent. Vice President B
IDEN gave an important address about U.S. foreign policy in the Western Hemi-sphere in my District and I was part of the pro-gram. Had I been present on Tuesday May 10, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4957 and H.R. 5052. Had I been present on Wednesday May 11, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Previous Questions on H. Res. 720, ‘‘no’’ on Agreeing to H. Res. 720, ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4843, and lastly, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4641—the same way I voted in Committee when we were considering the bill in the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee Markup on April 20, 2016 and in the full Energy and Com-merce Committee Markup on April 27, 2016. 
f 
HEROIN EPIDEMIC IN SOUTH JERSEY 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the growing addiction crisis and the challenge it presents for families and commu-nities in South Jersey. We need to take action now, and it is with resolve, that I stand with the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic, and local leaders like Ocean County Prosecutor Joseph D. Coronato and Ocean County Sheriff Michael G. Mastronardy. New Jersey’s heroin overdose death rate is triple the soaring U.S. rate and our local officials have made com-bating the addiction epidemic a top priority. They have sought partnerships between law enforcement, hospitals and educators, and created a Drug Task Force to coordinate ef-forts with local police forces. The steps Con-gress is taking are strong and necessary, and I am proud to lead that effort by supporting bi-partisan bills to address this growing crisis. Ocean County admits more people for her-oin addiction treatment than any county in New Jersey. I wish we didn’t have such high numbers of people needing help—but as long as they need assistance, we must make sure they get it, so they can improve their lives and provide hope to those struggling with this dis-ease. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously grateful for the hard work done by Prosecutor Coronato, Sheriff Mastronardy and others like them. All of us know someone whose life has been affected by drug addiction—we need to fight this epidemic now. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEADERSHIP OF CAROL ANN MOONEY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the significant leadership of a selfless educator and inspirational woman, Carol Ann Mooney. After a storied career in Catholic education in South Bend, Indiana, Mrs. Mooney will be re-tiring from her position as president of St. Mary’s College after holding that title for twelve years. Mrs. Mooney’s love for St. Mary’s is tried and true, seeing as she is the first lay alumna President of the university. She attended St. Mary’s from 1968–1972, then made the short physical but grand intellectual journey to the University of Notre Dame Law School, where she graduated first in her class. After a stint in law firms here in Washington D.C., she re-turned to South Bend to join the University of Notre Dame Law School’s faculty, in her jour-ney holding the titles of assistant dean, asso-ciate dean, university vice president, and as-sociate provost. In 2004, she was delighted to return to the alma mater that she and I share to become its first alumna president. Mrs. Mooney’s tenure at St. Mary’s is de-fined by her deep love for the school. Under her leadership, the school saw unprecedented growth with a record-breaking fundraising campaign, underwent a lengthy accreditation process with the Higher Learning Commission, rapidly expanded diversity on the campus, and launched three graduate programs. More than anything, Mrs. Mooney will be re-membered as a mentor, who was available to talk to students always. The young women of St. Mary’s College will certainly miss Mrs. Mooney, but not as much as she will miss seeing them as she has for the better portion of her life. During retirement, Mrs. Mooney and her husband will stay in South Bend, but plan to visit their four children and grandchild as much as possible. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the self-less dedication this woman has given to edu-cating young people and shaping the future generation of leaders and thinkers. For this she deserves our undue respect, admiration, and praise—though her humility will likely not allow her to accept it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.018 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE711 May 16, 2016 
IN HONOR OF THE LAW ENFORCE-MENT OFFICERS IN NORTH CAROLINA’S 8TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the brave men and women who faithfully serve in North Carolina’s 8th District as law enforcement officers. In 1962, Congress established National Po-lice Week to pay our respects to officers who died in the line of duty, as well as those who continue to serve. This is a week for all of us to join together and show support for these heroes in blue. It is because of their tireless—and some-times unnoticed—work that we remain safe in our homes. Their commitment to our commu-nity deserves our gratitude and appreciation, and their service is an example to all of us. As Representative of North Carolina’s eighth district, I’m committed to making sure our law enforcement officers have the tools needed to do their jobs. Just last week, the House passed five bills supporting our law enforce-ment community, including legislation to pro-tect our police forces’ access to bulletproof vests and enable them to carry their firearms when off-duty. Mr. Speaker, these brave men and women continue to serve our communities year after year, and it’s important to offer them our sin-cere gratitude. I ask my fellow Americans, to join me in reflecting on the sacrifice of our fall-en officers, honoring those who are currently serving, and saying a big thank you to these heroes and their families. 
f 
THE AGENT ORANGE RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2016 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in effort to heal the post-conflict, human cost of war by caring for the children of our Viet-nam veterans living with Spina Bifida resulting from Agent Orange exposure. Spina Bifida, which literally means ‘‘split spine,’’ is a condition in which a baby’s spinal column fails to close properly during preg-nancy. Typically, an adult with Spina Bifida may suffer from nerve damage, paralysis, and difficulty completing ordinary, day-to-day tasks, and generally, surgery must be performed within 24 hours of the child’s birth to minimize the risk of further damage due to infection, and to preserve any remaining function in the spinal cord. In many cases, those suffering from Spina Bifida require costly surgeries and extensive medical care because of potential paralysis resulting from damage to the spinal cord. Thankfully, due to medical advances, most children born with Spina Bifida live well into their adulthood. The Department of Veterans Affairs pre-sumes a link between Vietnam-era veterans exposed to herbicides such as Agent Orange, and the incidences of Spina Bifida in their bio-logical children. The Agent Orange Benefits Act (Public Law 104–204), which became law in 1996, estab-lished a benefits package for the children of Vietnam veterans as a result of exposure of one or both biological parents to herbicide dur-ing active duty in the Vietnam war. These ben-efits include lifetime health care services for Spina Bifida and any disability associated with Spina Bifida, a monthly monetary allowance, and VA vocational training and rehabilitation service. The Act authorized the VA to provide such benefits effective October 1, 1997, but not earlier than the date of the VA’s receipt of an individual’s claim for benefits. Regrettably however, this legislation did not tackle the al-ready incurred medical costs directly cor-related to Spina Bifida. According to the VA, there are approxi-mately 1,200 affected children of Vietnam-era veterans receiving compensation since enact-ment of the Agent Orange Benefits Act. While these children became eligible for benefits in 1997, these veterans and their families have been left with the cost of years of medical care necessary to treat a child’s condition since birth that was directly attributable to the veteran’s wartime service. The Agent Orange Reconciliation Act of 2016 would make the benefits for children of Vietnam-era veterans born with and currently suffering from Spina Bifida effective beginning at birth. As a result, this bill would provide a one-time retroactive monetary payment to the families enduring this condition to compensate for treatment of the symptoms of Spina Bifida from birth until enactment of the Agent Orange Benefits Act. Let us provide the benefits for which we are responsible with this important legislation. Our provision of benefits to the children of Vietnam veterans living suffering from Spina Bifida from their birth not only honors the service of these veterans but also recognizes the harmful and continued effects of Agent Orange Exposure in later generations. f 
FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF NEW YORK OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES HONOREE LIST 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay a special tribute to nineteen exemplary young men and women who have chosen to serve their country in various branches of the Armed Forces of the United States. These courageous individuals will be dedicating themselves to the cause of protecting the se-curity and welfare of their fellow citizens. I ad-mire their strong sense of patriotism, as well as their desire to protect our values and make certain we remain the great nation we are today. Each of the following students has my deepest appreciation for their service to this country. These students will be honored by Our Community Salutes, a local community group, on May 19, 2016 at the Our Commu-nity Salutes Brookhaven Town Enlistee Rec-ognition Ceremony at Sunset Harbor in Patchogue, NY. Of the nineteen from my district, three have joined the U.S. Army; their names are the fol-lowing: Jacob Bernocco of Patchogue-Medford High School; Janneth Guambana of Center Moriches High School; and Alexis Wallace of William Floyd High School. Twelve have joined the U.S. Marines; their names are the following: Scott Amato of Wil-liam Floyd High School; Deny Amaya of Cen-ter Moriches High School; Tyler Baudier of William Floyd High School; Alexander Cruz- Perez of William Floyd High School; Dion Ken-nedy of Center Moriches High School; William Ladolcetta of William Floyd High School; Jonas Marrello of Center Moriches High School; Camron McLeod of Longwood High School; Michael Murphy of William Floyd High School; Shaun O’Mara of Patchogue-Medford High School; Caleb Richters of Longwood High School; and Terrell Sinclair of William Floyd High School. One has joined the U.S. Navy; his name is Adam Erkan of Bellport High School. One has joined the U.S. Air Force; her name is Jilian McCabe of Patchogue-Medford High School. One has joined the U.S. Coast Guard; his name is James Giarraputo of Center Moriches High School. One has joined the Air National Guard; his name is Jakob Klaus of Center Moriches High School. Mr. Speaker, we should be extremely grate-ful to each and every one of these nineteen individuals. Their call to duty cannot be under-scored or admired enough and it is my distinct honor and privilege to represent them and their families in the First Congressional District of New York. I wish them the best of luck in their respective branches and in all of their fu-ture endeavors. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on May 12, 2016, and May 13, 2016. If I were present, I would have voted on the following: Thursday, May 12, 2016 Roll no. 186—H.R. 5046—On agreeing to the Lynch amendment: YEA. Roll no. 187—H.R. 5046—On passage: YEA. Roll no. 188—H.R. 1818—On motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended: YEA. Roll no. 189—H.R. 4586—On motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended: YEA. Friday, May 13, 2016 Roll no. 190—H. Res. 725—On ordering the previous question: NAY. Roll no. 191—H. Res. 725—On agreeing to the resolution: NAY. Roll no. 192—On approving the Journal: YEA. Roll no. 193—S. 524—On passage: YEA. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.023 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE712 May 16, 2016 
This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 17, 2016 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 18 9:30 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider S. 2816, to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduc-tion program, S. 2795, to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, S. 1479, to amend the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provi-sions relating to grants, S. 2446, to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion re-siduals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are pro-tective of human health and the envi-ronment, S. 921, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a non-regulatory program to build on and help coordinate funding for restoration and protection efforts of the 4-State Delaware River Basin region, H.R. 3114, to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and mem-bers of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic pres-ervation activities, S. 2754, to des-ignate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Lou-isiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Court-house’’, the nominations of Thomas A. Burke, and Jane Toshiko Nishida, both of Maryland, both to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and General Serv-ices Administration resolutions. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the Tele-phone Consumer Protection Act at 25, focusing on effects on consumers and business. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act implementation, fo-cusing on perspectives from education stakeholders. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine assessing the security of critical infrastructure, focusing on threat, vulnerabilities, and solutions. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Donald Karl Schott, of Wis-consin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Paul Lewis Abrams, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Central District of California, Stephanie A. Finley, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Claude J. Kelly III, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Winfield D. Ong, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana. SD–226 2 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine small busi-ness and the Affordable Care Act. SR–428A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2785, to protect Native children and promote public safety in Indian country, S. 2916, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain re-stricted land, and S. 2920, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian com-munities. SD–628 3 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine ransomware, focusing on under-standing the threat and exploring solu-tions. SD–226 MAY 19 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold hearings to examine improving communities’ and businesses’ access to capital and economic development. SD–538 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the inter-national Treaty on Plant Genetic Re-sources for Food and Agriculture, adopted by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations on November 3, 2001, and signed by the United States on November 1, 2002 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc.110–19), and the Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the ‘‘Con-vention’’), done at The Hague on July 5, 2006, and signed by the United States on that same day (Treaty Doc.112–06). SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 356, to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications, and the nominations of Ronald G. Russell, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, Inga S. Bernstein, to be United States District Judge for the District of Massachusetts, Stephanie A. Galla-gher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, and Suzanne Mitchell, and Scott L. Palk, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Okla-homa. SD–226 10:15 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Farm Credit System, focusing on the outlook of the current economic climate. SR–328A 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Legislative Branch Appro-priations Act, 2017’’. SD–106 11:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider an original bill extending certain privileges and immunities to the Gulf Cooperation Council, and a routine list in the For-eign Service. S–116 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management’s 2017– 2022 OCS Oil and Gas Leasing Program. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest To hold hearings to examine the Admin-istration’s immigration policies. SD–226 MAY 24 10:30 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine under-standing the role of sanctions under 
the Iran Deal. SD–538 MAY 25 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine inter-national cybersecurity strategy, focus-ing on deterring foreign threats and building global cyber norms. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine under-standing the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal, focusing on Administra-tion perspectives. SD–538 MAY 26 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine a review of the United States livestock and poul-try sectors, focusing on marketplace opportunities and challenges. SH–216 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16MY8.000 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE713 May 16, 2016 
JUNE 8 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ electronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoperability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future. SD–124 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16MY8.000 E16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D508 Monday, May 16, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2797–S2832 Measures Introduced: Four bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2931–2934, and S. Res. 465–467.
                                                       Page S2824 
Measures Reported: S. 2808, to amend the John F. Kennedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Ken-nedy Center for the Performing Arts. (S. Rept. No. 114–254) S. 1626, to reauthorize Federal support for pas-senger rail programs, improve safety, streamline rail project delivery, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2921, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve health care and benefits for veterans.
                             Page S2824 
Measures Passed: Ariel Rios Federal Building: Senate passed H.R. 4957, to designate the Federal building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Co-lumbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S2832 
Congratulating the Historic Columbia River Highway: Committee on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 387, congratulating the Historic Columbia River Highway on its 100th year, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                   Page S2832 
National Industrial Assessment Center Week: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 403, designating the week beginning April 24, 2016 as ‘‘National Indus-trial Assessment Center Week’’ in celebration of the 40th anniversary of Industrial Assessment Centers, and the resolution was then agreed to.
           Page S2832 
National Nurses Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 467, supporting the goals and ideals of National Nurses Week, to be observed from May 6 through May 12, 2016.
                                                            Page S2832 Measures Considered: Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S2814–19 
Adopted: Collins (for Heitkamp) Amendment No. 3903 (to Amendment No. 3896), to require a report on the economic and infrastructure effects on airports of col-legiate aviation flight training operations.
   Page S2814 
Collins (for Barrasso) Amendment No. 3909 (to Amendment No. 3896), to allow Indian tribes to use certain funds to construct housing for certain skilled workers.
                                                                          Page S2814 
Collins (for Ayotte) Amendment No. 3917 (to Amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds for the Continuum of Care program of the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development unless the program allows for zero-tolerance recovery housing. 
                                                                                            Page S2814 
Collins (for Mikulski) Amendment No. 3919 (to Amendment No. 3896), to provide for safety im-provements on transit systems.
           Pages S2814, S2815 
Collins (for Feinstein/Portman) Amendment No. 3922 (to Amendment No. 3896), to allow jurisdic-tions to maintain access to certain funds deposited in their HOME Investment Trust Fund that would otherwise expire.
                                         Pages S2814, S2815 
Collins (for Franken/Tillis) Modified Amendment No. 3921 (to Amendment No. 3896), to require the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness to submit a report on improving health and housing outcomes for chronically homeless individuals, indi-viduals with behavioral health conditions, and chil-dren.
                                                                  Pages S2814, S2815 
Pending: Collins Amendment No. 3896, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S2814 
McConnell (for Lee) Amendment No. 3897 (to Amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D509 May 16, 2016 
to carry out a rule and notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
                   Page S2814 
McConnell (for Nelson/Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896), making supple-mental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus.
                                                               Page S2814 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Modified Amendment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896), making emer-gency supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.
                       Pages S2814–17 
McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896), Zika response and preparedness.
                                           Pages S2814, S2817–19 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 17, 2016, with the time until 12:30 p.m., and from 2:15 p.m. until 2:30 p.m., equally divided between the man-agers, or their designees; and that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, Senate vote on the mo-tions to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Nelson/ Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896), McConnell (for Cornyn) Modified Amend-ment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896), and McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896), at 2:30 p.m. 
                                                                                            Page S2832 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 53 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. EX. 72), Paula Xinis, of Maryland, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland.                                                                       Pages S2805–12, S2832 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2824 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2824 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2824 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2824–26 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2826–27 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2822–24 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2827–32 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—72)
                                                                   Page S2812 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:14 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 17, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2832.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5243–5257; and 2 resolutions, H.Res. 731, 733 were introduced.
                           Pages H2427–28 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2428–29 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1887, to amend certain appropriation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Adminis-trator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–568); and H. Res. 732, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2017 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–569).                                                                                             Page H2427 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2389 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:09 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H2390 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:05 p.m. and recon-vened at 4 p.m.
                                                          Page H2391 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Directing the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alas-ka: S. 1492, to direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD510 May 16, 2016 
States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchor-age, Alaska;
                                                          Pages H2391–92 
Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act of 2016: H.R. 3832, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent tax-related iden-tity theft and tax fraud;
                                 Pages H2392–95 
Reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstone of United States- Taiwan relations: H. Con. Res. 88, amended, re-affirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six As-surances as the cornerstone of United States-Taiwan relations;
                                                                 Pages H2395–97 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Re-affirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six As-surances as cornerstones of United States-Taiwan re-lations.’’.
                                                                         Page H2397 
Providing for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas: S. 2143, to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas;
     Pages H2397–99 
Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act: H.R. 1150, amended, to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, train-ing, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political re-sponses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide;
                              Pages H2399–H2406 
Amending certain appropriation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Island, New York: H.R. 1887, amended, to amend certain appro-priation Acts to repeal the requirement directing the Administrator of General Services to sell Federal property and assets that support the operations of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Plum Is-land, New York;
                                                Pages H2406–09 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To au-thorize the Comptroller General of the United States to assess a study on the alternatives for the disposi-tion of Plum Island Animal Disease Center, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H2409 
National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consor-tium Act of 2016: H.R. 4743, amended, to author-ize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 394 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 194;
                                             Pages H2409–11, H2415–16 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To au-thorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to work with cybersecurity consortia for training, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H2416 
Department of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act: H.R. 4780, amended, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to de-velop a comprehensive strategy for Department of Homeland Security operations abroad; and 
                                                                                    Pages H2411–13 
Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016: H.R. 4407, amended, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and inte-grate departmental intelligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 389 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 195. 
                                                                      Pages H2413–15, H2416 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:03 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H2415 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:19 p.m. and recon-vened at 9:20 p.m.
                                                   Page H2427 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2415–16, H2416. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:21 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4909, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’ [general debate]. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 4909. The rule provides one hour of gen-eral debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–51, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D511 May 16, 2016 
rule. The rule provides that the amendments printed in part B of the report may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report or against amendments en bloc as described in section 3 of the rule. Section 3 of the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc con-sisting of amendments printed in part B of the re-port not earlier disposed of. The rule provides that amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule provides that no further con-sideration of the bill shall be in order except pursu-ant to a subsequent order of the House. Testimony was heard from Chairman Thornberry and Rep-resentative Smith of Washington. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 17, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 4 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the status of advanced nuclear tech-nologies, 10 a.m., SD–366. Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine S. 2524, to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colo-rado, S. 2533, to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken California and provide for long-term in-vestments in drought resiliency throughout the Western United States, S. 2616, to modify certain cost-sharing and revenue provisions relating to the Arkansas Valley Conduit, Colorado, S. 2902, to provide for long-term water supplies, optimal use of existing water supply infra-structure, and protection of existing water rights, and S. 2907, to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to strike the termination date for funding for pilot projects to increase Colorado River System water in Lake Mead, 2 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine marine debris and wildlife, focusing on impacts, sources, and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine inte-grating the corporate and individual tax systems, focusing on the dividends paid deduction considered, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the War in Syria, focusing on next steps to mitigate the crisis, 11 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and Inter-national Cybersecurity Policy, to receive a closed briefing on international cybersecurity strategy, 4 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine America’s insatiable demand for drugs, focusing on assessing the Federal response, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine National Foster Care Month, focusing on supporting youth in the foster care and juvenile justice systems, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, hearing entitled ‘‘Focus on the Farm Econ-omy: Impacts of Environmental Regulations and Vol-untary Conservation Solutions’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Long-worth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on the Defense Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; and the Revised Report on the Interim Suballocation of Budget Alloca-tions for FY 2017, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the De-partment of Defense’s Execution of Responsibilities in the U.S. Foreign Military Sales Program’’, 10 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Helping Students Succeed by Strengthening the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘The Obama Administration’s Medicare Drug Experiment: The Patient and Doctor Per-spective’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD512 May 16, 2016 Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Interest on Re-serves and the Fed’s Balance Sheet’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Pro-posals to Enhance Capital Formation, Transparency, and Regulatory Accountability’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of State Counterterrorism Bureau: FY 2017 Budget’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of Federal Efforts to Address Electromagnetic Risks’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Subcommittee on Transportation Security, hearing en-titled ‘‘Flying Blind: What are the security risks of re-suming U.S. Commercial Air Service to Cuba?’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, markup on a resolution on the House Safe Program; a resolution to Amend the Voucher Documentation Stand-ards; H.R. 5160, to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other property interests acquired by the National Gallery of Art; H.R. 4511, the ‘‘Gold Star Families Voices Act’’; H.R. 4092, to reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 4733, to permit the United States Capitol Police to accept certain property from other Federal agen-cies and to dispose of certain property in its possession; H.R. 5227, to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide play-back equipment in all forms, to establish a National Col-lection Stewardship Fund for the processing and storage of collection materials of the Library of Congress, and to provide for the continuation of service of returning mem-bers of Joint Committee on the Library at beginning of a Congress; and H.R. 4734, to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to permit candidates for elec-tion for Federal office to designate an individual who will be authorized to disburse funds of the authorized cam-paign committees of the candidate in the event of the death of the candidate, 10:45 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Safeguarding our Symbol of Democracy: U.S. Capitol Police’s Management Plan for 2017 and Beyond’’, 11:15 a.m., 1310 Long-worth. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Synthetic Drugs, Real Danger’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 4768, the ‘‘Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The Implications of President Obama’s National Ocean Policy’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘White House Narratives on the Iran Nuclear Deal’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5233, the ‘‘Clari-fying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016’’; H.R. 24, the ‘‘Federal Reserve Trans-parency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 5199, the ‘‘Construction Consensus Procurement Improvement Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5226, the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Act of 2016’’; S. 1550, the ‘‘Program Management Improvement Accountability Act’’; H.R. 433, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’; H.R. 2607, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3218, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 836 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, California as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ’Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3931, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’; H.R. 3953, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’; H.R. 4010, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Of-fice’’; H.R. 4425, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’; H.R. 4747, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Greg-ory E. Barney Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4761, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’; H.R. 4777, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4877, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4925, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4975, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D513 May 16, 2016 A. Nelson Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4987, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ’Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’; and H.R. 5028, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary Eleanora McCoy Post Office Building’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4909, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’ [amendment consideration]; H.R. 4974, the ‘‘Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’; and H.R. 5243, the ‘‘Zika Response Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 2 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Recently Completed United States Army Corps of Engineers Chief’s Reports’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘Veterans in Tech: Innovative Careers for All Generations of Veterans’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, Member Day hearing entitled ‘‘Tax-Related Proposals to Improve Health Care’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 17 through May 20, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 2577, Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, with votes on the mo-tions to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Nelson/ Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896), McConnell (for Cornyn) Modified Amend-ment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896), and McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896), at 2:30 p.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: May 19, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Farm Credit System, focusing on the outlook of the current economic climate, 10:15 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: May 17, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 4 p.m., SD–124. May 19, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, and an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: May 19, Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Invest-ment, to hold hearings to examine improving commu-nities’ and businesses’ access to capital and economic de-velopment, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 18, to hold hearings to examine the Telephone Consumer Protection Act at 25, focusing on effects on consumers and business, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 17, to hold hearings to examine the status of advanced nuclear technologies, 10 a.m., SD–366. May 17, Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine S. 2524, to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch seg-ment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, S. 2533, to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken California and provide for long-term investments in drought resiliency throughout the West-ern United States, S. 2616, to modify certain cost-sharing and revenue provisions relating to the Arkansas Valley Conduit, Colorado, S. 2902, to provide for long-term water supplies, optimal use of existing water supply infra-structure, and protection of existing water rights, and S. 2907, to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to strike the termination date for funding for pilot projects to increase Colorado River System water in Lake Mead, 2 p.m., SD–366. May 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management’s 2017–2022 OCS Oil and Gas Leasing Program, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 17, Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine marine debris and wildlife, focusing on impacts, sources, and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–406. May 18, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2816, to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program, S. 2795, to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, S. 1479, to amend the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to grants, S. 2446, to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to en-courage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion re-siduals and establish requirements for the proper manage-ment and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment, S. 921, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a non-regulatory program to build on and help coordinate fund-ing for restoration and protection efforts of the 4-State Delaware River Basin region, H.R. 3114, to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, S. 2754, to designate the Federal building and United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD514 May 16, 2016 courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, the nominations of Thomas A. Burke, and Jane Toshiko Nishida, both of Maryland, both to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, and General Services Adminis-tration resolutions, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: May 17, to hold hearings to ex-amine integrating the corporate and individual tax sys-tems, focusing on the dividends paid deduction consid-ered, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 17, to hold hearings to examine the War in Syria, focusing on next steps to mitigate the crisis, 11 a.m., SD–419. May 17, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to receive a closed briefing on international cybersecurity strategy, 4 p.m., SVC–217. May 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the international Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture, adopted by the Food and Agri-culture Organization of the United Nations on November 3, 2001, and signed by the United States on November 1, 2002 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc.110–19), and the Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the ‘‘Convention’’), done at The Hague on July 5, 2006, and signed by the United States on that same day (Treaty Doc.112–06), 10 a.m., SD–419. May 19, Full Committee, business meeting to consider an original bill extending certain privileges and immuni-ties to the Gulf Cooperation Council, and a routine list in the Foreign Service, 11:30 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: May 18, to hold hearings to examine Every Student Succeeds Act implementation, focusing on perspectives from edu-cation stakeholders, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: May 17, to hold hearings to examine America’s insatiable demand for drugs, focusing on assessing the Federal re-sponse, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. May 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine assessing the security of critical infrastructure, focusing on threat, vulnerabilities, and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: May 18, to hold hearings to examine S. 2785, to protect Native children and pro-mote public safety in Indian country, S. 2916, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years cer-tain restricted land, and S. 2920, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforce-ment Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: May 17, to hold hearings to examine National Foster Care Month, focusing on sup-porting youth in the foster care and juvenile justice sys-tems, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Donald Karl Schott, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Paul Lewis Abrams, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of California, Stephanie A. Finley, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Louisiana, Claude J. Kelly III, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Winfield D. Ong, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 18, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine ransomware, focusing on under-standing the threat and exploring solutions, 3 p.m., SD–226. May 19, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 356, to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications, and the nominations of Ron-ald G. Russell, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, Inga S. Bernstein, to be United States District Judge for the District of Massachusetts, Steph-anie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, and Suzanne Mitchell, and Scott L. Palk, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 19, Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest, to hold hearings to examine the Adminis-tration’s immigration policies, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: May 18, to hold hearings to examine small business and the Af-fordable Care Act, 2 p.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 17, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. May 19, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, May 18, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Service in the Field: Veteran Contributions to National Food Security’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, May 18, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, mark-up on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 10 a.m., 2358–C Ray-burn. May 18, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, markup on the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 11:30 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 18, Full Committee, markup on H.J. Res. 87, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Interpretation of the ’Advice’ Exemption in Section 203(c) of the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act’’; and H.R. 5003, the ‘‘Improving Child Nutrition and Education Act of 2016’’, 11 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D515 May 16, 2016 Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 18, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Im-plementation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Ad-vanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. May 19, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 3299, Strengthening Public Health Re-sponse Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, May 18, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the CFPB’s Proposed Rulemaking on Arbitration: Is It in the Public Interest and for the Protection of Consumers?’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. May 19, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Settling the Question: Did Bank Settlement Agreements Subvert Congressional Appropria-tions Powers?’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 18, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 374, recognizing the 50th anniversary of Singaporean independence and reaffirming Singapore’s close partnership with the United States; H. Res. 650, providing for the safety and security of the Iranian dis-sidents living in Camp Liberty/Hurriya in Iraq and await-ing resettlement by the United Nations High Commis-sioner for Refugees, and permitting use of their own as-sets to assist in their resettlement; H. Con. Res. 129, ex-pressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holo-caust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to this goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically pre-scribed needs; S. 284, the ‘‘Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act’’; and S. 1252, the ‘‘Global Food Security Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Democracy Support Strategies in Afri-ca’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, May 19, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining Legislation to Promote the Effective Enforce-ment of the ADA’s Public Accommodation Provisions’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, May 18, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 4289, to provide for the conveyance of certain prop-erty to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation located in Dillingham, Alaska, and for other purposes; and S. 246, the ‘‘Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. May 19, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Deficiencies in Transparency at the Department of the Interior’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 18, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Employee Misconduct at EPA’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Information Technology Reform Act (FITARA) Scorecard 2.0’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 18, Sub-committee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps to Mars: Deep Space Habitats’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, May 19, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Help Wanted: Small Business Providing Opportunities for All’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, May 18, Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Bor-der Station Construction: Minimizing Costs and Leveraging Private Dollars’’, 10 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, May 18, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5178, the ‘‘Veterans Success on Campus Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5229, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effective-ness of programs, especially in regards to women veterans and minority veterans, in transitioning to civilian life, and for other purposes; H.R. 4138, to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to recoup relocation expenses paid to or on behalf of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 3286, the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’; H.R. 3471, the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3974, the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3989, the ‘‘Support Our Military Caregivers Act’’; H.R. 2460, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; H.R. 3956, the ‘‘VA Health Center Management Sta-bility and Improvement Act’’; H.R. 4782, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4087, the ‘‘Fair Treatment for Families of Veterans Act’’; and H.R. 3715, the ‘‘Final Farewell Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, May 18, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Social Se-curity from Waste, Fraud, and Abuse’’, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘The Heroin Epidemic and Parental Substance Abuse: Using Evidence and Data to Protect Kids from Harm’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD516 May 16, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 2577, Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, with votes on the motions to invoke cloture on McCon-nell (for Nelson/Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896), McConnell (for Cornyn) Modi-fied Amendment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896), and McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896), at 2:30 p.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Begin consideration of H.R. 4909—National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bera, Ami, Calif., E704 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E711 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E703, E704 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E710 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E705 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E706, E710 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E707 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E707 Graves, Tom, Ga., E703 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E707 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E703, E705 Himes, James A., Conn., E705 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E705, E709 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E711 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E704 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E710 Long, Billy, Mo., E705, E707 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E709 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E706 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E708 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E710 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E706 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E709 Roby, Martha, Ala., E704 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E703 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E708 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E709 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E708 Titus, Dina, Nev., E711 Walden, Greg, Ore., E703 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E711 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16MY6.REC D16MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST