Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2605 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 9, 2016 No. 72 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, May 10, 2016, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , MAY9, 2016 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, the giver of every good and perfect gift, we thank You for the life and legacy of former Senator Bob Bennett. Lord, we praise You for his diligence, integrity, intellect, and courage, for he has left exemplary foot-prints for us to follow. Be with his be-loved widow Joyce, comforting her, his loved ones, and friends in their grief. Lord, we also remember Sergeant Christopher Eney, Officer Jacob Chest-nut, Detective John Gibson, and Ser-geant Clinton Holtz of the U.S. Capitol Police, who gave the last full measure of devotion. Remind us that Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot heal. Today, give our lawmakers the sin-gularity of heart to seek, find, and fol-low Your will so that their legacy will also be exemplary. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we will return to the consideration of the energy security and water infrastruc-ture funding bill today. As we do so, I wish to remind colleagues of the im-portance of returning to regular order and working through the appropria-tions process. A return to regular order means em-powering Senators from both sides to make more responsible judgments as to how taxpayer dollars are spent. It means allowing Senators to better rep-resent the voices of their constituents throughout the legislative process. Be-ginning the process early means giving Senators from both sides more oppor-tunity to debate and offer ideas they think might make these bills even bet-ter. This is the way the appropriations process is supposed to work, and with a little cooperation, we can keep it mov-ing forward this week. The bill before us will support energy innovation and waterway infrastruc-ture. It will promote commerce and public safety. It will help maintain our nuclear deterrence posture. These are priorities that should be important to all of us. So let’s con-tinue to work today and move this bill forward. REMEMBERING BOB BENNETT Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, to-morrow the Democratic leader and I will have the honor of celebrating Sen-ator Bennett’s life at a memorial serv-ice, but I also wish to say a few words about this dear friend and colleague now. Bob Bennett said there are two kinds of Senators in Washington—work-horses and show horses. It is clear to anyone who knew him which path Sen-ator Bennett followed. This former chaplain, entrepreneur, and CEO came to the Senate with a long resume and a formidable work effort. Over his 18 years of service, Bob typified the con-structive player with the steady hand, the kind of Senator who preferred the low-key work of legislating to the bright lights of the media. Bob worked hard to develop relation-ships in both parties, and he ap-proached everything he did with cre-ativity, with substance, and with honor. Senator Bennett served as a member of our conference leadership team, sat on important committees, and pressed forward on a range of different issues. He also shared my interest in the First Amendment. Bob would be the first to tell you that he viewed his most important job as being a husband. I think his wife Joyce felt the same way. In more than 50 years of mar-riage, the Bennetts worked together to raise six children. They were blessed with 20 grandchildren as well. Many of us remember the active role Joyce played in the life of the Senate family over the years, and so we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.000 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2606 May 9, 2016 
thinking of her today. We are thinking of the entire Bennett family too. The Senate honors the memory of Senator Bob Bennett. We will miss him greatly. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The Democratic leader is rec-ognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING BOB BENNETT Mr. REID. Mr. President, last Wednesday, the Senate lost one of its Members, our friend and colleague Bob Bennett. He passed away at his home in Arlington, VA. There is a whole lot I can say about Bob Bennett. He was my friend. Landra and I were close to him and his lovely wife Joyce. As Senator M
CCONNELL  said, he was a three-term Senator. He was a scholar, author, and celebrated businessman. He took over this com-pany, Franklin Quest—those little books that were so popular a number of years ago. It had four employees. With-in 7 years, that company had 1,000 em-ployees, and its income was $100 mil-lion a year. Some of you will remember the little Franklin day planner we all had because of Senator Bennett. When I think of Senator Bennett, courage comes to mind. He was one of the most courageous Senators with whom I served. He was a conservative Republican from a conservative State, Utah. A majority of the time he voted that way. But Bob also firmly believed neither political party nor their differing ideologies had a monopoly on good gov-ernance, and he spoke about this open-ly. This is what he said during his fare-well speech on the Senate floor: 
The Democrats are the party of govern-ment. Going back to their roots with Frank-lin Roosevelt, they come to the conclusion that if there is a problem, government should solve that problem. The Republicans are the party of free markets, and they come to the conclusion that if there is a problem, it should be left to the markets to solve it. And they are both right. That is the thing I have come to understand here. There are some problems where government is the so-lution—but not always. There are some prob-lems where free markets do provide the solu-tion—but not always. 
Bob Bennett practiced what he preached. In the fall of 2008, the global markets were in a free fall. The Amer-ican economy was reeling. Something needed to be done. President George W. Bush turned to Congress for help. Where else could he turn? We, the Congress, passed the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP, which prevented the collapse of our Nation’s largest financial institu-tions. Despite the pressure from his own party, Senator Bennett voted for TARP. He voted to save our country and our economy. It was perhaps the most courageous vote ever cast in the Senate. It didn’t sit well with the tea party, which was very strong in Utah. They used the State’s Republican primary to remove Senator Bennett from office. It is a very unusual procedure there. If it had been any other State in the Union, Bob Bennett would still be in the Sen-ate. But in spite of all of that, Bob was blessed with an unshakeable moral compass. He knew what he did was right, and he had no regrets. Time and a resurgent American economy had vindicated Senator Bennett’s vote on TARP and other things. I count myself very fortunate to have served with this good man. I will for-ever be grateful for him—this honor-able, decent person who was my friend. Today my thoughts are with his fam-ily, his wife Joyce, who is an accom-plished flutist. She is a professional flute player. On codels I took with Senator Ben-nett—I remember one where we left here and went to Peru, Bolivia, and Ec-uador—over the great lands that we passed and over the waters that we passed, often she would come and en-tertain us with her flute. She is a mar-velous woman. I want her to know that Senator Bennett will be missed by the Senate, the people of Utah, our coun-try, and me. f 
MAYORAL ELECTION IN LONDON, ENGLAND Mr. REID. Mr. President, a notable thing happened this weekend across the Atlantic. The people of London, England, elected Sadiq Khan as the first Muslim mayor of their city. The mayor of the city of London is a Mus-lim, a proud Muslim. That election speaks to the openness and tolerance exhibited by England. Let us not forget that England is a Protestant nation. According to the Nation’s most recent census, the people of London are predominantly Chris-tian. When London voters went to the polls, they refused to allow Mr. Khan’s religion to be the deciding factor. They refused to give in to the bigotry and Is-lamic rhetoric that is plaguing Amer-ican politics. Instead, Londoners voted for the candidate whom they thought would best represent their interests and who happened to be a Muslim. The election of Sadiq Khan is an ex-ample of how a democracy should oper-ate—independent of fear and prejudice. This is what he said yesterday: 
I have spent my entire life encouraging mi-nority communities to get involved in civil society, in mainstream politics. I’ve been fighting extremism and radicalization all my life. You should conduct politics in a posi-tive way to enthuse people to get involved. 
Many of us in the United States would do well to learn from Mayor Khan’s example. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTY Mr. REID. Mr. President, Donald Trump is the Republican Presidential nominee. Let’s think about that—the party of Abraham Lincoln, Theodore Roosevelt, and many other Repub-licans, such as Ronald Reagan and Dwight Eisenhower. The party of these great people nominated a misogynistic, anti-Latino, anti-Muslim, and anti-im-migrant xenophobe. The party of Teddy Roosevelt nominated a billionaire con man who scams working people. Donald Trump represents everything that Americans detest about a system that is rigged for the super-rich. Here is a person who was born into immense wealth, but he uses his father’s fortune to rip people off and intimidate those who speak out against his shady busi-ness practices. Here is a person who was gifted with the resources to make a difference in the world. He could be doing many things to improve the lives of working Americans. Instead, he has only worked to build his own celebrity, his own brand. He uses that fame as a bully pulpit to sow hatred and intoler-ance. Yet, in spite of all of this, Donald Trump is now the Republican Party’s Presidential nominee. He is no acci-dent. His nomination is not some mis-take. Donald Trump is the natural evo-lution of a party that spent 8 years honing a platform that is anti-immi-grant, anti-woman, anti-Obama, and anti-working people. It wasn’t all that long ago that Re-publicans used to engage Democrats on policy. There was a time when we could work together on substantive legisla-tion. I saw it. I felt it. It was wonder-ful. But all that ended when President Obama was elected. Senator MCCON-
NELL ordered a total blockade of any policy proposed by President Obama and any Democrats. Led by Senator M
CCONNELL , Republicans have aban-doned the marketplace of ideas. They abandoned thoughtful policy for fear and resentment politics. It didn’t matter where these ideas came from. It didn’t matter if they came from Republicans. Republican leaders repeated their one big line over and over: ‘‘Whatever President Obama proposes, even if it’s a Republican idea, it cannot help you and will hurt you.’’ These are not my ideas. They have been written about and confirmed for years. For Republicans, it wasn’t about helping the American people anymore. It was all about embarrassing and humiliating President Obama and frus-trating his agenda no matter the cost. All the while, Donald Trump was watching as the Republican Party lost its identity and its moral compass. Trump watched as Republican leaders embraced the darkest elements of their party. Now Trump is doing what he learned from Senator M
CCONNELL and every other Republican leader for the past 8 years. Trump watched how Republicans in Congress treat American women. He saw Republicans block equal pay for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.001 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2607 May 9, 2016 
women and undermine women’s health care. ‘‘Planned Parenthood’’ became a swear word. Donald Trump has treated women with disdain. He has called women dogs, pigs, and he defends rape. Trump watched as congressional Re-publicans walked away from com-prehensive immigration reform. He lis-tened as House Republicans likened DREAMers to drug mules. Is it any sur-prise that Donald Trump—now the Re-publican nominee—uses Latinos and immigrants to generate fear, to be a fearmonger? He has called undocu-mented immigrants criminals and rap-ists. Donald Trump has watched Repub-licans deny the existence of climate change, and he is following in their footsteps. He would rather believe in crackpot conspiracy theories than ac-cept climate change. It is real, but this is what he said about climate change: ‘‘The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make United States manufacturing noncompetitive.’’ Try that one on. That is a direct quote. That kind of harebrained thinking has no place in the White House, but sadly it is not far from the anti-science climate change denial that is now Republican Party doctrine. On nearly every issue, Donald Trump has simply adopted the positions of the modern Republican Party. Through their obstruction and anti-Obama poli-tics, Senator M
CCONNELL and Repub-lican leaders constructed Donald Trump’s Presidential campaign and his platform piece by piece. He is the nominee of the Republican Party, and he is the nominee the Republican lead-ers deserve. Now the Republican Party is his. Republicans want Trump to be their standard bearer. They are scrambling to get behind this hate-spewing nomi-nee. There is no better example of Re-publicans marching lockstep with Trump than the Supreme Court va-cancy. The Republican National Com-mittee is trying to bring their party together by promising this dangerous man will appoint Justices to the Su-preme Court. Republicans say they want their misogynistic, anti-women, anti-Latino, anti-middle class billion-aire to determine the balance of the Supreme Court for the next generation. Republican Senators say they trust the judgment of a man who mocks our vet-erans, belittles J
OHN MCCAINas not being a war hero, and mocks Ameri-cans with disabilities. They want him to fill the Supreme Court. It is a sad day for this country when the Repub-lican Party trusts the judgment of a vile, swindling billionaire. But anyone who has been paying attention to what Republicans have been doing the past 8 years should not be shocked. Hillary Clinton is going to be the Democratic nominee. I support Hillary Clinton. I am not hiding from that. Re-publican Senators need to stop waffling about Donald Trump. Not going to the convention doesn’t take away the fact that he is the Republican nominee. I have heard a number of Republican Senators say: I am not going to the convention. Well, that solves the prob-lem, doesn’t it? Republican Senators need to say whether they are going to vote for this guy. The Republican Par-ty’s chickens have come home to roost in the form of Donald J. Trump. Mr. President, I ask the Presiding Of-ficer to announce—I see Senator ALEX-
ANDER , the senior Senator from Ten-nessee, on the floor—the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 4 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The President pro tempore. 
f 
REMEMBERING BOB BENNETT Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today in honor of the memory of a humble statesman and an adored col-league and a dear friend, Senator Bob Bennett. Bob passed away peacefully in his house last week with his wife and children gathered around him by his bedside. In the wake of his passing, the Bennett family has witnessed an out-pouring of love as thousands of individ-uals from across the country have reached out to pay their respects to a man who served selflessly to the very end of his service here. To the many expressions of love and admiration that have already been offered in Bob’s honor, I wish to add a few words of my own. I had the distinct privilege of serving alongside Bob Bennett for nearly two decades as we jointly represented our beloved State of Utah here in the United States Senate. During the many years of our service together, Bob be-came more than a respected partner; he was a trusted confidante and a cher-ished friend. In this Chamber, Senator Bennett was widely revered as a wise and thoughtful leader committed to finding innovative solutions to the most dif-ficult challenges of the day. But above all else, he was a passionate fighter for the people of Utah, who were always foremost in his mind. I have never met someone so committed to his constitu-ency as Senator Bennett was to the people of Utah. It is no exaggeration to say that every Utahn has benefited from Bob’s public service. You cannot ride the train, take public transportation, or drive on the freeway in our State with-out seeing the fruits of Bob’s labor in the Senate. As Utah faced unprece-dented expansion and economic growth, Senator Bennett worked tire-lessly to ensure that our State’s infra-structure kept pace with the demands of a booming population. Were it not for Bob and the indispensable role he played in securing much needed fund-ing for these transportation projects in Utah, our State would not be the prime destination for business, entrepreneur-ship, and innovation that it is today. I need not rehearse all of Senator Bennett’s accomplishments in the Sen-ate because his public legacy speaks for itself. The TRAX and FrontRunner public transportation systems in Utah are perhaps the most tangible symbols of that legacy, but there are plenty more. I join all Utahns in thanking Senator Bennett for his many years of loyal service to the Beehive State. We love him, and we will miss him dearly. In addition to fighting tirelessly for the people of Utah, Senator Bennett exercised remarkable prudence as an appropriator and provided principal leadership on the Banking Committee and as chairman of the Joint Economic Committee. He was a talented law-maker, skilled at forging consensus and reaching compromise without sac-rificing his core conservative values. Over the 18 years that Senator Ben-nett served in this Chamber, he con-sistently demonstrated sound judg-ment and strong leadership. In a short time, he gained the trust of his Repub-lican colleagues, who considered him a trusted resource on matters of strategy and policy. After seeing Bob’s rapport with other legislators, then-Senate ma-jority leader Bill Frist asked him to serve on the leadership team. Senator Bennett also served in leadership posi-tions alongside Majority Leader M
CCONNELL , with whom he shared a deep and meaningful friendship. While Senator Bennett was well known for his quiet, contemplative de-meanor, he was also regarded as an or-ator—a good one. He came frequently to the floor to engage his colleagues on the most complex issues of the day. He was exceptionally articulate, speaking with an eloquence and ease that re-flected the brilliance of a well-cul-tivated mind. Whether he was giving a public address or holding a private con-versation, Bob could explain even the most complicated policies in simple, understandable terms. He was a pre-eminent communicator whose talents will be sorely missed. Mr. President, up to this point, I have spoken at length about how Sen-ator Bennett will be remembered as a public figure, but I also wish to speak about how I will remember him as a personal friend. Bob Bennett was one of the most humble men I have ever met. In a Chamber teaming with outsized egos and rampant self-importance, Bob stood apart. He always eschewed the spotlight and never esteemed himself above anyone else. On some days, you could even find him riding the Metro in to work. When a staffer asked him why 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.002 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2608 May 9, 2016 
we opted for public transportation in-stead of a personal driver, Bob simply said: ‘‘Because the Metro is more con-venient.’’ This anecdote is indicative of Bob’s character. He resisted the trappings of public office and truly saw himself as a servant of the people. Perhaps more importantly, he never let the office of Senator define him. Maybe that is because he came to Con-gress with such a rich and varied back-ground. Prior to his work here, Bob had already served as a Mormon military chaplain, a congressional liaison with the Nixon administration, a public re-lations director for billionaire Howard Hughes, and as the chief executive offi-cer of FranklinCovey. For Bob, being a Senator was never something that was central to his personal identity; it was merely a job title that allowed him to serve others in a greater capacity. Allow me to share a simple story that illustrates Bob’s humility and willingness to serve. Many years ago, Bob befriended a blind couple in his local Mormon congregation. Every sin-gle Sunday, Bob would pay the couple a personal visit, drive them to church, and stay by their side for the duration of meetings—always ready and always eager to help. For Bob, faithfully serv-ing this elderly couple was just as im-portant as fulfilling his duties in the Senate. That, Mr. President, is heart-felt humility and love unfeigned. I often wondered what it was that en-abled Bob to serve so selflessly. I be-lieve the answer is simple: It was his faith in and love for Jesus Christ, whom he looked to as a model of serv-ant leadership. Bob believed in the Christian teaching that when you are in the service of your fellow men and women, you are only in the service of your God. This belief animated his service until the very end. For as long as Bob was physically able, he was an active volunteer in his church congregation. In fact, just 3 weeks ago he hosted a doctrinal discus-sion with dozens of Latter-day Saints seeking to build their faith. In this meeting, Bob bore testimony of Jesus Christ and his perfect example of love and sacrifice. The next day, Bob suf-fered a stroke and was admitted to the hospital for the last time. Both in public office and in private life, Bob Bennett was a model of self-less service. We were blessed by his work in the Senate and will continue to benefit from his example of humble leadership. I pray that we might al-ways remember Bob’s humility and kindness and seek to emulate these qualities ourselves as we work together to overcome the challenges facing our country. Mr. President, having said all of that, Bob was very fortunate to have Joyce as his companion. She is a terrific human being, very talented—a flute in-structor, a tremendous flutist. He has wonderful children, each one of whom has made contributions in our society that are exemplary. His friends will al-ways remember Bob as somebody who really accomplished a lot in his life as well as the lives of many thousands of people around him. I personally am deeply grateful for the kindness he showed to me, the friendship we had together, and the privilege I had of serving with him. I will miss Bob very much, and I think all of us who knew him well will miss him. He was truly a great example. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I wish to make a few comments about Senator Bennett; and then I will yield the floor to Senator N
ELSON , who has another schedule; and then, for the in-formation of Senators and staff, I will make some comments on how we are going to proceed on the Energy and Water bill, which I hope we can wrap up pretty quickly, but I will wait until Senator N
ELSON finishes. Mr. President, I am glad I had a chance to hear the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , as well as Senator R
EIDand Senator H ATCH , all of whom were great friends of Bob Bennett, as was I. Bob Bennett came to Washington with his father Wallace Bennett, who was a U.S. Senator. He was in the Sen-ate when I first came here as a Senate aide. I first met Bob nearly 50 years ago, when we, in effect, both worked for Bryce Harlow, who was President Nixon’s Chief of Congressional Rela-tions. Mr. Harlow, who is revered in Washington still, would have Saturday morning meetings with all of those of us who had the job of being congres-sional liaisons with Members of Con-gress. Bob Bennett was in the Trans-portation Department, and I was Mr. Harlow’s assistant and telephone an-swerer in the White House at the time. We got to know each other then. We have known each other ever since. He and his wife Joyce visited with us in our home in Tennessee and we traveled with them and worked together on a variety of issues. They became very special friends. He was chairman of the Energy and Water Subcommittee, to which Senator H
ATCH referred, which had so much to do with his home State of Utah. He handled that with great diligence and great effectiveness for a number of years. That is the bill we are working on today in the Senate. I will be at his service tomorrow, as will other Senators. I simply wanted to add my voice to those of the majority leader, the Democratic leader, and his colleague Senator H
ATCH in saying we all greatly admired Bob. He served our Nation brilliantly and well and elo-quently. I heard his farewell address. It was one of the best I have ever heard. I re-member one of the things he said: The great value as a Senator is that you not only have a say, you have a vote. Bob Bennett had a lot to say, he cast a lot of votes, and a lot of us listened very carefully to what he had to say and greatly respected his votes. We have lost a great friend, and Utah and our country lost a great public servant. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I will talk about the Zika virus, but I want to first add a comment about Senator Bob Bennett. A gentleman’s gentleman, a legisla-tor’s legislator, a Senator who would reach across the aisle in order to get the workable consensus in order to get something done. Doesn’t that sound like the type of person we need in the Congress today in order to confront the issues we are facing? I was saddened to hear the news he had passed on. f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want to give an update. The Zika virus is raging. It is certainly raging in Puerto Rico. It is expanding greatly in this country, and the State with the most infected cases is my State of Florida. I have been on this floor many times asking for the President’s request of $1.9 billion to attack the Zika virus. About $800 million of that is, No. 1, to replace the Ebola emergency fund, which they have raided since the Con-gress has not given them the funding in order to try to get at the problem to begin with, which is somewhere around $500 million to $550 million. They need another $225 million to increase Med-icaid in Puerto Rico, where it is now estimated that by the end of the year, 25 percent of the population of Puerto Rico—25 percent—will be infected be-cause that is where this mosquito— called the aegypti mosquito—that transmits the virus is raging, but be-ware, especially as we are going into the warm summer months, this aegypti mosquito is all over the Southern United States. Anyplace that is hot, humid, and where there is rain—be-cause rainwater will not all dissipate. It may be in a bottle cap. It may be in a dishpan. It may be in a birdbath. Where there is stagnant water, that mosquito will lay its larva, and that is the breeding ground to hatch the aegypti. About 1
1⁄2weeks ago, when we were here before the recess, there were ap-proximately 1,000 cases reported in the United States, which included 570 in Puerto Rico and 94 in Florida. Now, just a little over a week later, it is al-ready up to 1,133 cases across the coun-try—up to 629 in Puerto Rico and 107 in my State. Just today, two more cases were reported by the Department of Health in the State of Florida. The bottom line is, the virus is spreading, and it is spreading quickly. Not only is it spreading, but the CDC confirmed the first Zika-related death of a 70-year-old man who died of com-plications in Puerto Rico. Over the break, I met with a group of Puerto Rican leaders in Florida. Basi-cally, Puerto Rico does not have the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.004 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2609 May 9, 2016 
resources it needs to provide protection from the virus. I was just talking to Senator H
ATCH , chairman of the Senate Finance Com-mittee, about getting the financial cri-sis addressed in Puerto Rico. We can see how that is spilling over into not being able to attack the Zika crisis where it is raging out of control be-cause of the transmission in Puerto Rico by these mosquitos. Out of the 3.5 million population of Puerto Ricans on the island, it is estimated by the CDC that 800,000 of them could be infected by the end of this year. So that U.S. territory—remember, they are American citizens. These are fellow Americans who are in trouble— is struggling under the weight of crip-pling debt in the financial crisis, and we haven’t helped them yet. They have a Medicaid Program that is capped and it is running out of cash. The physician shortage is getting worse. What is hap-pening is that because of the financial problems, the professionals—the doc-tors and lawyers and nurses, especially those in health care—because they can-not get compensated, they are leaving the island and going to the mainland. As a matter of fact, it is estimated that something between 85,000 and 100,000 may be leaving the island this year, coming to the mainland United States. The benefit is that a lot of those professionals are coming to Flor-ida, but look at the gaping hole in health care that is leaving for the is-land. It seems to me that as Senators, it is our duty to protect our fellow Ameri-cans and curb the spread of this virus now. So I have introduced what the ad-ministration requested. I have had Sen-ators say we have not given a plan for the $1.9 billion. I have given the plan over and over until this Senator is blue in the face. There is a specific breakout that I have entered into the R
ECORD  several times, the last of which was when we were last in session 1
1⁄2weeks ago. The bill has 35 cosponsors, but un-fortunately there is not one Republican Senator who is a cosponsor. It doesn’t make sense. The spread of the Zika virus is not a partisan issue, and yet it seems to have been characterized that way. I urge our colleagues to come to-gether on this for the good of the American people. For their health and safety, let’s approve this $1.9 billion emergency request. This is the same kind of emergency funding request that would be in the aftermath of an earth-quake, a hurricane, or some other nat-ural disaster. It has now affected the American people. It is an awful virus, and we need to get at it and stop it be-fore it is too late. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, for the information of Senators and staff members, I would like to make a few comments about the Energy and Water appropriations bill that we will be moving to at 4 this afternoon. Senator FEINSTEIN is in an intelligence briefing and will be here about 4 as we will. We will have more to say at that time, but here is my view of where we are: At 5:30 today, the Senate, for the third time, will vote on whether it is time to cut off debate and finish the bill. The first two votes failed, and they failed for one reason. They failed because of dif-ferences of opinion about the amend-ment by the Senator from Arkansas, Mr. C
OTTON , which said that in the year 2017, the United States could not use tax dollars to buy heavy water from Iran as we are doing in 2016. So we will vote for the third time today on whether to cut off debate and finish the bill. Here is what I would suggest our goal should be. This is just my opinion, but I have talked with the majority leader, the Democratic, and I have talked with Senator F
EINSTEIN and a number of other Senators. No. 1, we should dis-pose of the Cotton amendment the way we normally dispose of issues about which we disagree. We should vote on them. That is what we do in the Sen-ate—we vote. If you are in the Grand Ole Opry, you sing. So we have a difference of opinion about the Cotton amendment. Let’s vote on it. It is relevant to the bill. It is properly filed. It is germane. Senator C
OTTON has been very flexible. He has offered to decide it in many different ways. He has offered to modify his amendment. He has offered to allow it to be considered separately. He has of-fered for us to vote at a 60-vote level, and then he would withdraw it if he should lose. He has offered to vote it at 60 votes on cloture on his amendment. So he has offered us an opportunity to vote on his amendment in many dif-ferent ways. He just wants a vote. In my view, a Senator who has a relevant and germane amendment is entitled to a vote, and I am supporting his right to a vote. Then, once we vote on the amendment and dispose of it, we should finish the bill. So I am optimistic. I see no reason why today or tomorrow—certainly no later than Wednesday—we cannot vote on and dispose of the Cotton amend-ment and vote on and finish the Energy and Water appropriations bill. So I say to Senators and staff mem-bers, if I were planning my week, I would plan on there being a vote on the Cotton amendment. Now, they may ask how I know that. Well, I know this: that any majority leader has the right to file cloture on an amendment like the Cotton amendment, and by Wednesday we will vote on it at 60 votes. My own view is, since we are ba-sically finished with the bill, except for the Cotton amendment, why would we not agree to wrap up things and do it tomorrow or even today? We could fin-ish the bill today, with a vote on the Cotton amendment at 60 votes, with a vote on cloture, and a vote on final passage. As much as I defend the right of the Senator from Arkansas to have a vote, I am going to oppose his amendment on the merits, which I will describe in just a minute, but it is time to bring this bill to a conclusion. I think most Sen-ators agree with that, and that is what we need to do. Let me discuss for a moment, remind Senators and those listening, why this bill is so important. As the majority leader says, it covers a lot of essential services in this country. For example, every time there is a flood in the Mid-west, 15 or 20 Senators show up want-ing more money for flood control. Our inland waterways are in need of recon-struction. The harbors on the west coast and in Charleston, Mobile, and many other places need deepening. We need to stay No. 1 in supercomputing in the world. About half of this legisla-tion has to do with our nuclear weap-ons program—modernizing it and keep-ing us safe. All 17 of our National Lab-oratories are in the Office of Science under this legislation. Despite staying within strict budget limits, we have agreed to the highest level of appro-priations for our Office of Science, out of which comes so much of our eco-nomic growth, of any appropriations bill in history. In addition to that, we have gone through a very careful process. About 80 different Members of the Senate have come to Senator F EINSTEIN and me with policy changes that they would like to see in the bill that are in the bill. Eighty means about half Re-publicans and half Democrats. I know that it is important to them because I have already heard reports of many Senators being home last weekend tak-ing credit for all of these provisions they have gotten in the bill, which we haven’t passed yet. I don’t blame them for that. There are a lot of provisions in this bill that are important to the country and im-portant to my State of Tennessee. I am reminding Senators that this is an im-portant bill in which they have had a lot of say. In addition, on the floor, we have already processed 17 different amendments—about as many Demo-cratic amendments as Republican amendments. We did all of that in a matter of 3 or 4 days before we reached an impasse on the Cotton amendment. We are basically done with step one of our most basic constitutional work, which is oversight and appropriations of about $1 trillion in spending. This is the first of 12 bills. This Energy and Water appropriations bill has not gone across the floor in regular order since 2009. It is time we do that. We are very close to doing that. Let me say a word about the amend-ment by the Senator from Arkansas. As I said, I have, for the last week, de-fended his right to have a vote, and he will have a vote. Make no mistake about it, he will have a vote, but I in-tend to oppose it on the merits for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.006 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2610 May 9, 2016 
three reasons. The first is this, and let me say this very carefully: If the United States is not allowed to buy heavy water from Iran next year as it is this year, it creates the possibility that Iran will be able to sell that heavy water to other countries, including North Korea, which might use it to make nuclear weapons. Let me say that again. If we are not allowed to buy it by this amendment, someone else will buy it. Heavy water is a distilled form of water. By itself, it is not haz-ardous. It is not radioactive. It can be used for many peaceful purposes. The United States uses about 70 tons of it every year. For example, this year the Oak Ridge National Laboratory is buy-ing 32 tons from Iran—6 tons of which we will be used for its big neutron mi-croscope. The rest will be sold over time to universities, to hospitals, to manufacturers for medical research, for fiber optics—all for peaceful pur-poses. This heavy water—this distilled form of water—can also be used to make plu-tonium to make nuclear weapons, which is why we do not want Iran to have it. We want it out of Iran. We want it somewhere else. If we don’t want them to have it, and if we need it and we in the United States don’t produce it and we don’t buy it, what does Iran do with its heavy water? It sells it to somebody else, perhaps. We don’t know who, but it could be any one of a number of countries, including North Korea. In a big meeting over there now—the biggest they have had in three decades—they are talking about nuclear weapons. Respectfully, in my view, this is bad policy. I oppose it. I support the Sen-ator’s right to have a vote, and he will have a vote, but when we have that vote, I will vote no. The second reason I oppose the amendment is it doesn’t belong on the appropriations bill. The Senator has a right to have it on there, but I hear a lot of lectures of us appropriators in our Republican lunches from distin-guished members of our so-called au-thorizing committees—committees such as Foreign Relations, Armed Services, Intelligence—saying: You Senators on the Appropriations Com-mittee are making a lot of decisions you shouldn’t be making. We should be making the policy decisions. What is more of a policy decision than what to do with Iran’s heavy water? This isn’t a debate about wheth-er you support the Iran nuclear agree-ment. I voted against that. I am op-posed to that. This is a question about what do you do about the 200 tons of heavy water that can be used either for peaceful purposes or to make nuclear weapons over the next few years. I would think there would be no issue that would be more suitable for discus-sion by the Foreign Relations Com-mittee or the Armed Services Com-mittee or the Intelligence Committee, nor can I think of many issues less suitable just to pop up as an amend-ment on an appropriations bill. If we can’t decide issues like this that are filled with national security implica-tions, why do we have a Foreign Rela-tions Committee? Why do we have an Armed Services Committee? Why do we have an Intelligence Committee? It is not just the possibility that it might go to Iran, the issue cuts the other way as well. Senator C
OTTON or someone else who favors the amend-ment might say: Well, if we buy more heavy water from Iran, perhaps that creates a market for Iran. Maybe that incentivizes them to make more heavy water and keeps them in production for a long period of time. Then, later on, they misuse it. Maybe that is possible. Then there is the question of what ef-fect a decision by the United States to not allow our tax dollars to buy heavy water for our peaceful purposes have on other countries that produce heavy waters, such as India, such as Argen-tina or Canada, which doesn’t now produce it but uses it. What are the im-plications? At this time, when there has never been a more dangerous re-cent time in the world, what are the national security implications of what to do about Iran’s disposal of heavy water—water we don’t want it to have, water we don’t produce but which we need, and water we do not want to get into the hands of other countries, such as perhaps North Korea, which could use it to make nuclear weapons. I can-not think of a more appropriate issue to be considered by the Foreign Rela-tions Committee. There is a third reason we should take into account when voting on this. The President says he will veto it. I will say more about Presidential vetoes in a minute. I don’t think we should pull the cord and stop the train just be-cause the President says he will veto something. The White House has said they will veto something 85 times in the last year and a half. If we stopped our work every time they did that, we would only be meeting on Monday afternoons or Tuesday mornings. But we ought to take into account the fact that the President might veto it, and placing this amendment on this bill would be a sincere but in my opinion a futile gesture because we would end up with no amendment after the Presi-dential veto. We might end up with no Energy and Water appropriations bill for yet another year. I have some differences with some of my friends on the other side. Some of them think that whenever the Presi-dent says veto, we should stop. I don’t agree with that. I think we should go ahead. If he wants to veto, he vetoes, but I think we should take that into account. Some of them say that when-ever a controversial amendment comes up, we should not move forward with the bill. Here is what we agreed to this year. After last year, I agreed, anyway, to make sure we did not in the Energy and Water Development Sub-committee—and I see the Senator from California is here, which we worked on together. We kept controversial amendments off the bill in our sub-committee. There were a number that tried to come on. We said, if they are controversial, bring them to the floor. Last year on that bill went the waters of the United States amendment, and it killed the bill. The Democrats wouldn’t move forward with it. I thought they should have, but they did not. It was not on the bill this year. Senator H
OEVEN held it until we got to the floor. He offered the amendment at 60 votes and it didn’t pass. We honored our word. We kept the controversial amendments off the bill in committee, but amendments that are relevant and germane when they come to the floor are entitled to be heard. We should dispose of the Cotton amendment the way we dispose of our other differences. We should just vote on it. Especially since the Senator from California is here, let me talk about another aspect of our work on the bill that is important in the Senate; that is, the word ‘‘restraint.’’ For example, Senator F
EINSTEIN is very concerned about the cruise missile. She could have offered an amendment in the sub-committee or she could have today that would have made a major change in our policy toward the cruise missile, but she chose not to do that. She chose instead to have a hearing. We will do that, and then we will take the next step, whatever that turns out to be. She knows, if she had moved ahead with that, that would have been a very provocative thing to do, made it harder to pass the bill. She chose not to do it. The Senators from South Carolina, Mr. G
RAHAM and Mr. S COTT, are very concerned about the plutonium MOX facility in South Carolina. The admin-istration has recommended that we close it and move to a different way of disposing of that plutonium. Senator F
EINSTEIN and I agree with that. We could have tried to make that policy decision in this bill or the South Carolina Senators could have tried that, too, but we thought it was a pol-icy decision that should first be consid-ered by the authorizing committee—in this case, the Armed Services Com-mittee. We met with the representa-tives of Senator M
CCAINand Senator R
EED, and they have agreed to have a hearing. This is how we are dealing with that. Senator S
HELBY , from Alabama, is highly stirred up about what we call the Georgia-Florida-Alabama water wars. He would like to have his amend-ment to resolve that problem on this bill, but he has stepped back from that on this bill and allowed us to move ahead with it. None of those Senators had to do that, but they did that knowing that it is the basic constitutional duty of this body to do its appropriations work, and they made it possible. I would have preferred Senator C
OTTON not offer this amendment on this bill, but he did. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.008 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2611 May 9, 2016 
Since it is relevant and since it is ger-mane and since we did not deal with it in committee, I think the right way to approach it is to say: Let’s dispose of it the way we dispose of other differences of opinion. Let’s vote on it and let’s move on. If I may say through the Chair, be-fore Senator F
EINSTEIN came, I said, in my view, I wanted the Senators and staff to know we would be voting today for the third time on whether to cut off debate, and my hope was that we could dispose of the Cotton amendment at 60 votes and we could then finish the bill. I also said that while I defended Sen-ator C
OTTON ’s right to offer the amend-ment and that he will get a vote—be-cause the majority leader has the par-liamentary tools to file cloture and make sure there is a vote on the Cot-ton amendment by Wednesday—I in-tend to vote against the Cotton amend-ment because I think it risks the possi-bility that Iran’s heavy water might be sold to a country, such as North Korea, that could use it to make nuclear weapons. I think first it should be con-sidered by the Foreign Relations Com-mittee or the Armed Services Com-mittee or the Intelligence Committee. For those reasons, I intend to vote against it. I am hopeful that when we get to 5:30, maybe conversations would continue, and the possibility could even exist that we could agree today to vote on the Cotton amendment at 60 votes, dis-pose of it, vote on cloture to move ahead with the bill, and have final pas-sage of the bill. If we can’t do that, I see no reason we can’t do it over the next couple of days. I thank the Senator from California for the way she has worked with me on this issue. We have gotten almost to the finish line. She and I would like to set a good example for the other 11 ap-propriations bills that are coming up. There are other bills beyond that which we need to deal with, such as the 21st-century cures legislation on bio-medical research, and there is the Zika legislation that many Senators are in-terested in. My hope is that we will find a way to resolve the only major issue that remains so we can pass a bill that virtually every Senator in this body has some interest in and will probably vote for. I am optimistic and hopeful that we can move quickly on disposing of the Cotton amendment so we can finish the bill. Ideally we would do it today, but we can certainly get it done by tomor-row or Wednesday. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Morning business is closed. ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2028, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Feinstein amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute. Alexander amendment No. 3804 (to amend-ment No. 3801), to modify provisions relating to Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that all time during quorum calls until 5:30 p.m. today be charged equally between both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, I wish to address the distinguished chairman of this subcommittee. Work-ing with Senator A
LEXANDER on this bill has been a very good experience for me, and I think my friend knows that. We take great pride in getting things done. I very much appreciate his men-tioning the standoff on the nuclear cruise missile legislation in some form of analogy, but I will say this: I have been in this body a long time, as has the Senator from Tennessee, and we both know that not everybody gets their vote. It just doesn’t work that way. I can remember having an amend-ment on a bill year after year after year, and I never got a vote for it. That is not an unusual thing to happen. What has been unusual is to have one person take down a bill—particularly an appropriations bill. We were hoping we could dem-onstrate that we worked out our dif-ficulties with this legislation. The Sen-ator from Tennessee gave on some points, and I gave on some points. As my friend was good enough to mention, one of the points I gave on is some-thing that I consider to be a very big issue which has not yet been settled, and that is a standoff nuclear cruise missile—and it has not yet been satis-factorily demonstrated to me that it is necessary—and that we do not have a satisfactory conventional weapon that can go through air defense systems. I believe we do. In any event, there is a strong constituency that feels as I do. Senator A
LEXANDER has been good enough to give me a hearing and some report language which contains some questions which the Defense Depart-ment will hopefully answer forthwith. I appreciate that, and that was enough for me. The standoff nuclear cruise missile is something we need to look more deeply into. The amendment that our side is so strongly opposed to, accompanied by the White House, is where one Senator is essentially hitting at the Iran nu-clear agreement. The Iran nuclear agreement is not something that all of us don’t know a lot about. A great deal of time was spent on it. There was a great deal of discussion both in sub-committees and on the floor, and there was a vote on it. So to a great extent, in my mind, it is very much a settled issue. The President has the right to go ahead with it, and I think that is very important. More importantly, Iran has kept the agreement and Iran has lived up to the terms of this nuclear-related agreement. If one thinks Iran doesn’t know what is going on, one is wrong. Some of us went to meet with the Ira-nian Foreign Minister, and there was a question as to what is happening now, and of course there was concern. Having said that, the chairman gave me a hearing and some report lan-guage. I certainly would have no objec-tion to giving the Senator from Arkan-sas a hearing, and yet I would not stand here and say that we should not protect the sanctity of that agreement, because I believe we should. I think the administration has done the right thing with the sale of this heavy water because we know if that heavy water is used in the United States of America, it will be used for peaceful purposes. A lot of it will go to a distinguished lab in the State of the Senator from Tennessee as well as other places. It can be sold to licensed businesses that do medical research and other kinds of manufacturing, such as carbon fiber, et cetera, where the nuclear component of heavy water is helpful. We know that if it goes on the open market, North Korea—if they were to be a buyer—would not use it for peaceful purposes; they would use it to help enrich plutonium for a bomb. So it makes imminent sense to me. The reason I oppose what is hap-pening so strongly is because it is a strike at the Iran nuclear agreement, and it is seen that way by the adminis-tration. The administration has said they will veto the bill if this is in it. I don’t want to lose the bill because of this—because of one Senator who wants to strike out with that agree-ment. I think that is the wrong thing to do. The Senator from Tennessee has been good enough to discuss this with me, and I really do appreciate that. We have discussed it in our caucus. There are very strong feelings about not mov-ing to cloture until this issue is set-tled. I would certainly be happy to help settle it. From the conversation Sen-ator ALEXANDER and I had yesterday, it is my understanding that he is willing to oppose it. I trust that is still the case. I wish to ask a question to the chair-man of our subcommittee through the Chair. Is it correct that the Senator from Tennessee would stand in opposition to this amendment? Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, the answer to that question is yes, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.009 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2612 May 9, 2016 
I wish to continue my answer to the question. While I defend Senator C
OT-
TON’s right to have a vote, I see it a lit-tle differently than Senator F
EINSTEIN . Senator F
EINSTEIN supports the Iran agreement; I oppose it. In my opinion, this is not a vote about the Iran agree-ment; this is a question about what we should do with Iran’s heavy water. I will oppose the Cotton amendment, No. 1, because if it were adopted, it would create the possibility that Iran’s heavy water might be purchased not by the United States for peaceful purposes but will be purchased by countries like North Korea that might use it to make nuclear weapons; and No. 2, I think it would be more appropriate to have the Foreign Relations Committee, the Armed Services Committee, or the In-telligence Committee consider it. For those reasons, I intend to vote against the Cotton amendment. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, I thank the Chair and I thank the Sen-ator. I think that is a very wise re-sponse, and I think it is a correct re-sponse. I think it does belong in the Foreign Relations Committee. We have worked so hard to get a bill that could set a standard for this body so we could go back to regular order and begin to get appropriations bills passed in this house. Candidly, I don’t want to lose that opportunity, and I think we still have it. Hope still reigns eternal, in my view, and I hope Senator C
OTTON will see that this is not worth taking down this bill, because I believe that would happen. I believe there are enough votes to deny cloture, and that is too bad. I don’t want to see it be-cause that means it is going to happen with other bills. It means that we are going to have what some term as poi-son pill amendments. The administra-tion views this as a poison pill amend-ment. We know at Interior there are poison pill amendments. Both Senator A
LEXANDER and I have chaired that committee, and we know what hap-pens. We are trying to set an example on this floor by working things out. It would seem to me that a reason-able Senator might say: All right. I am not going to hold up this bill. I made my point. I realize what is happening. I know this heavy water is going to be put to good use in this country. I know that Iran has to limit its supply at 130 metric tons, so we know this heavy water is out of Iran. As a matter of fact, it is in a storehouse in Oman. It is on the market, and the United States has said we would buy it. That is the right thing to do to set an example so that nuclear proliferation does not take place, and this is part of that. It is my hope that we will be able to re-solve that. The Senator from Tennessee is immi-nently reasonable, and I like to believe that I am reasonable, I say to my col-league. I am hopeful that maybe before the hour of 5 p.m., we might be able to come to some agreement; otherwise, I think the cloture motion will be de-feated. I yield the floor. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I thank the Senator from California. She and I will talk some more. I think we have stated the similarity in our positions, which is our opposition to the Cotton amendment, and the dif-ference in our positions. She sees it as intricately related to the Iran nuclear agreement, which she passionately sup-ports, and I see it as a separate issue because I oppose the Iran agreement. I don’t think we will work that out in public here over the next hour and a half, so I suggest we continue our con-versations between us, the majority, and the Democratic leader, and see where we get by 5:30 p.m. My hope is that we can dispose of the Cotton amendment, finish the bill, and get on with the other important business of the Senate sooner rather than later. I thank the Senator. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. REMEMBERING BOB BENNETT  
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I wish to make some remarks about our wonderful colleague who passed away last week, Senator Bob Bennett. Two of Senator Bennett’s favorite Senators are here on the floor this afternoon— Senator F
EINSTEIN and Senator A LEX-
ANDER . What Senator Bennett liked so much about Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator F
EINSTEIN is what we have seen this afternoon. The two of them have a difference of opinion with re-spect, I gather, to the Iran deal. I hap-pen to share Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s view, but the two of them are trying to find common ground here in the Senate. That is the Senate at its best, and that is exactly what Bob Bennett liked so much about both my colleague from California and my colleague from Ten-nessee. So I think it is very fitting that I open my remarks about Senator Ben-nett after having listened once again to the Chair and ranking member talk about how the Senate is supposed to do business. There are so many wonderful things to say about Bob Bennett, but I thought I would begin by talking about Senator Bennett’s favorite subject be-cause of something he created. He saw it is a great opportunity for the Sen-ate, and he called it the grand bargain. Whenever I had a chance to sit down and talk with him—I had joined the Fi-nance Committee—he would talk about the opportunities that were related to taxes. He often talked with Senator A
LEXANDER and me, as my colleague remembers. He talked to us about health care and taxes. He was very interested in inno-vation. By the way, I think he was one of the first Senators who purchased a hybrid vehicle close to 20 years ago, and he used that discussion to branch into the kinds of building connections that you have to do when you are talk-ing about how you are going to in-crease the standard of living for Ameri-cans in a constantly changing world where you are really dealing with glob-al economics. We don’t just sell stuff to people down the street; we are com-peting against economic forces from all over the world. When Senator Bennett talked about his idea of a grand bargain—and you could be sitting with him in the Senate dining room, for example, and he prob-ably took out a napkin if he couldn’t find a piece of paper—what he was in-terested in was what I call principled bipartisanship. In other words, nobody gets everything they want, but what you try to do is find principles that you feel strongly about and principles that the other side feels strongly about—and that is what Senator ALEX-
ANDER and Senator F EINSTEIN were talking about this afternoon—and you find some common ground. It was very fortunate, as I look at my career in public service, that I had a chance to work with Bob Bennett. I will tell you, the way I see it, there was no better grand bargain in life than a friendship with Bob Bennett. We differed on plenty of stuff, just as I am sure Senator F
EINSTEIN and Senator A
LEXANDER differ on matters. Bob would always say: R
ONis pro-choice, I am pro-life; R
ONwas against the Iraq war, I was for the Iraq war. But we didn’t spend our time arguing about those kinds of things. What we were in-terested in was finding ways to solve problems. I remember one example that I think my colleagues on the floor remember as well. Back at the time of Y2K, the turn of the century—oh, my goodness, one would have thought that western civilization was going to end. We were going to have this technology melt-down. It was going to be chaos around the world. Well, there were two bills at the time, two pieces of legislation. There was a bill from our former col-league, Senator Dodd, and Senator Bennett. I was a young upstart member of the Commerce Committee. Senator M
CCAIN, knowing my interest in tech-nology policy, basically gave me a great honor by saying ‘‘Why don’t you be my running mate?’’ because he was the chairman of the committee. So there were two bills; one was Senator M
CCAINand I as the junior running mate, and the other was Bob Bennett and Chris Dodd. Everybody said there was going to be all kinds of fighting among the four of us. Nobody is going to agree. Nobody will pass a piece of legislation, and the country, as a re-sult, will not be prepared. Well, because of Bob—I basically was the newcomer to the Senate. This was a big, important piece of legislation. Bob and Chris Dodd and Senator M
CCAIN basically said: We are not going to have any part of some bickerfest here in the U.S. Senate; we are going to solve a problem. And they did. You bet, it picked up opposition. There were some folks on the progres-sive side who had reservations about some provisions, and there were some folks on the conservative side who had reservations about the legislation. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.011 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2613 May 9, 2016 
passed a bill. I remember going down to the Y2K center that night and staying up all night. I can’t claim that our leg-islation was responsible for such a smooth-running transition, but we like to think that the fact that the Senate decided to set aside partisanship and actually get something done was con-structive. The reality is that Bob Bennett firm-ly believed that he was elected to do more than just get reelected. I think that was right in the core of how he worked in the U.S. Senate. I have been in public life awhile. I was the director of the Gray Panthers for a number of years when I was a young man with a full head of hair and rugged good looks. I was always dream-ing about being a major part of health reform, so I put together a bill. I said: I think my party is right that we are never going to get health care fixed un-less we have universal coverage; other-wise, it will be cost shifting, and there won’t be prevention. But the Repub-licans had a valid point, too, that there ought to be a role for the private sec-tor. So I was talking to Republicans, and Senator A
LEXANDER remembers these visits. I went in to see Senator Ben-nett, whom I watched on the floor talk-ing about health care, and he sounded like someone who might be interested, but I still thought it was a long shot. I said: My God, he is a really conserv-ative fellow from Utah. He and a pro-gressive fellow from Oregon probably don’t have much in common, except for the fact that they are both tall. I talked to him in his office. He later said to a newspaper person: I gave the closest thing that you do in the Senate to convey that I really wasn’t inter-ested because you never say no, espe-cially to somebody sincere. He said that a number of times. So he thought about it, and he spent time talking to people. I remember this as if it were yester-day because his seat was across the aisle, just a few seats away. He and Senator Rockefeller were the tallest Senators at the time; Senator Kerry and I kind of came in—I don’t know— third or fourth or something like that. He came bounding over and he said: I want to do this with you. And I did a kind of double take because I thought, I don’t think I am hearing this right. He said: Yes, you are talking about how the Democrats are right about universal coverage, and I am going to have to get my side kind of acclimated to that, but you acknowledge that there ought to be a role somehow, some way for the private sector. I said: You bet, that was the point. He said: I am in. So one of his newspapers—in looking at all the kind things that have been said—said that Bob Bennett did so much good work. We hope what his ca-reer stood for was that you could find common ground and that the Senate would remember going forward that bi-partisanship is not a death sentence. Bipartisanship is a chance to find a way to solve problems, whether it was Y2K, which was exciting, or something else. I think it is worth mentioning, be-cause I did a stint as chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee, that Bob Bennett put together a truly impressive public lands bill. It involved one of his fast-growing coun-ties—Washington County—and several hundred thousand acres of wilderness, of land management, by the Bureau of Land Management and the National Park Service alike. Suffice it to say that when I heard about it for the first time, Senator Bennett asked for my help, and I thought, man, there is no way he is going to be able to move something like this because you had all the progressive environmental organi-zations, you had lots of people from the counties who of course resisted these sorts of things, and you had lots of challenges in the West putting to-gether public lands policies. We saw it again here recently in eastern Oregon. But Bob Bennett pulled it off. He pulled it off because he pretty much just smothered both sides with atten-tion. Each side would have a point. He would respond. He would send his staff down to talk to people. And those who wouldn’t normally possibly agree came together and found common ground on public lands policy. I remember because the President signed it in 2009, Senator Bennett and I were in the back—I guess largely be-cause we were the tallest—and we talked about how unlikely it was that we would be there and that we would have all of these opportunities to serve together. As we remember Bob Bennett, my hope is we will understand, as did Sen-ator Bennett, that, much like today, neither side had enough votes to get everything it wanted. That was the case then, and it continues to be the case today. He understood that no sin-gle party had a lock on all the good ideas, but rather than just shrug his shoulders or go out and race for a microphone in order to score some sort of quick political advantage, Bob Ben-nett, in his career in the Senate, stood for what we call principled bipartisan-ship. I imagine there are going to be a number of farewells this week to a wonderful friend, a terrific Senator, in my view, and an even better person. I just hope that apropos of what we have seen with Senator F
EINSTEIN and Sen-ator A
LEXANDER , as they approach an-other big vote, let’s put as much of our time and effort into finding common ground as possible. Sometimes it can’t be done. I get that, and Bob Bennett did too. But certainly we can put vast-ly more time and effort into finding common ground, pursuing what Bob Bennett was all about because he was a U.S. Senator who gave public service a good name. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, if I may, I want to thank the Senator from Oregon for those remarks. My colleagues might be interested to know that I was chairman of Rules, and Bob was the ranking member, and this was during the period before the first inauguration of Barack Obama. As we all know, the Rules Committee is in charge of making the arrangements for the occasion. Bob was really just a wonderful per-son to work with. In the first place, we worked really well together. We sat down, we went over the problems, and we talked about solutions. Then came the subject of the Senate lunch fol-lowing the inaugural. Well, I didn’t pay much attention to it. Then I realized that this was a huge thing. It was in National Statuary Hall. There were decorations. We had to get a fine paint-ing. In this case, I arranged for it to be a great California landscape by Thomas Hill, which came from the museum in New York. To plan for it, there is something that has been traditional, which is the meal tasting, and Senator Bennett and his wonderful wife Joyce and my husband and I went up to the fourth floor, and the table was set as it would be set at this lunch. We did a tasting from every culinary caterer who was bidding to do the lunch, be-lieve it or not, and I think there were four of them. So there were four entrees and four salads and four des-serts. And Joyce and Bob and Dick and I sat there, and we went through the motions and did it. But it was with great humor. And the two of them to-gether really were a very special cou-ple. The Senator from Oregon knew him in a different way than I knew him. Bob Bennett truly was a man among men. He had a humility about him, but he also had a real can-do sense, and he really cared about his Senate term. I know Senator ALEXANDER knew him well. It was really wonderful for me on the Rules Committee because it was much the way the Senator from Ten-nessee is on Energy and Water appro-priations. I had a chance to meet Joyce and get to know her, and it was very special. I think we put on a very good inau-gural—a bipartisan inaugural, if you will—and I just want to say thank you, Senator. Mr. WYDEN. Thank you. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Because this really was a man who didn’t participate in any obstruction or any difficulty. He was always positive and always willing to do his part and to help. That is real-ly very special. I would like to give my best to his family and his friends. The State of Utah had a wonderful Senator in Bob Bennett, and he will be missed. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.012 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2614 May 9, 2016 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
AMERICAN MANUFACTURING COMPETITIVENESS  
ACT 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak in support of legislation reforming the MTB, or the miscellaneous tariff benefit process. I am pleased to help this legislation ad-vance. It is my hope that this bill will soon be on the President’s desk. As many will remember, a dark cloud hung over the Congress with regard to the practice of earmarking in early 2009. The feeding at the earmark trough had long since expanded to the point of ridiculousness. Earmarks exploded to their annual record of $29 billion in 2006. They were long a problem before that, but it had become much, much worse at that time. Congress had become accustomed to powerful Members getting a large chunk of the earmark pie, and rank- and-file Members would fight over the scraps. We saw less and less true oversight as more and more spending was doled out in congressional back rooms. It wasn’t just spending on earmarks that we didn’t have good oversight on. It was the entire Federal budget. It was large-ly a problem because so much of our time in Congress was spent doling out earmarks and making sure that every Member got a few and that they were scattered around. We really gave up on the oversight that we should have been conducting. At the same time, earmarks oppo-nents had ample opportunity to shame the process by highlighting bridges to nowhere, teapot museums, and the Na-tional Cowgirl Hall of Fame, for exam-ple, receiving these earmarks. But attention on the issue focused sharply in early February of 2009, when reports surfaced that a lobbying firm specializing in defense appropriations had been raided by the FBI. The New York Times noted that the firm ‘‘set up shop at the busy intersection be-tween political fund-raising and tax-payer spending, directing tens of mil-lions of dollars in contributions to law-makers, while steering hundreds of millions of dollars in earmarks con-tracts back to his clients.’’ The cloud over Congress darkened even further with suggestions of pay- to-play straw-man contributions, the reimbursing of employees for political contributions, and pressuring others for political giving. In quick succes-sion, both the House and the Senate rightly put in place a moratorium over all earmarks, a ban that has remained intact ever since. While we gladly said goodbye to the bad old days of congressional porkbarrel spending, we soon found out that there were several things that Congress only knew how to do through earmarking. This included the so- called miscellaneous tariff benefits, or MTBs. MTBs are provisions that, when signed into law, provide tariff and duty relief for imports that are not domesti-cally produced. The historic MTB proc-ess benefited from a consensus-driven process administered by the Inter-national Trade Commission that, for the most part, set it apart from the much ridiculed Federal largesse doled out by earmarking. Unfortunately, the original process also required that an original bill be introduced by a Mem-ber of Congress—a specific bill for a specific tariff reduction, often to ben-efit a particular for-profit company. I have long held that doing away with these individual bills and estab-lishing an MTB process that relies on the ITC to accept and review proposals over which Congress has final say would be preferable. Such an approach would both comply with the earmark moratorium while providing taxpayers a measure of confidence that undue in-fluence was not being inappropriately exerted. I am pleased to have the opportunity to work with both House and Senate leadership and with members of the Senate Finance Committee and the House Committee on Ways and Means on moving such a proposal forward. To be clear, my goals of being an original cosponsor of the American Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2016 and vocally supporting moving for-ward with legislation reforming the MTB process is twofold. First and fore-most, cutting tariffs is the right thing to do. In fact, I would support perma-nent tariff reductions as a means of furthering the benefits of free trade and lightening the burden on U.S. pro-ducers. In addition, the longer we go without being able to move forward with MTB bills, the more threatened the earmark moratorium is. I wish I could say that all Members of Congress are willing to permanently walk away from this wayward process of congressional earmarking, but that is not the case. Those wishing to go back to the bad old days will use any excuse to support ending the earmark moratorium. Reforming the MTB process not only provides a path for much needed tariff relief and a modicum of confidence for taxpayers, but it is also good for the long-term survival of the earmark moratorium. I am pleased to be a part of this ef-fort moving forward. The House com-panion legislation passed with over-whelming support. I believe there were only two dissenting votes in the House. It is my hope that the Senate will soon follow suit. I yield back the remainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3801 to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028, an act making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Tim Scott, Marco Rubio, Michael B. Enzi, Daniel Coats, Cory Gardner, Roy Blunt, John Cor-nyn, Mike Rounds, James Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, Thad Cochran, Lamar Alexander, Johnny Isakson, David Vit-ter, Patrick J. Toomey, Rand Paul. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 3801, offered by the Senator from Ten-nessee, Mr. A
LEXANDER , as amended, to H.R. 2028, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. REID. I announce that the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 66 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Manchin Menendez Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.015 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2615 May 9, 2016 
Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Markey McConnell Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cornyn Cruz Durbin Kirk McCain McCaskill Sanders Toomey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 42. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I enter a motion to reconsider the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is entered. The Senator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3804 WITHDRAWN  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I withdraw my amendment No. 3804. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment is withdrawn. The majority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3878 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3801 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I offer the Cotton amendment No. 3878. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. C OTTON , proposes an amend-ment numbered 3878 to amendment No. 3801. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to purchase heavy water produced in Iran. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Cotton amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3878 to amendment No. 3801 to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028, an act making appropriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Thad Cochran, Lamar Alexander, Johnny Isakson, Marco Rubio, David Vitter, Patrick J. Toomey, Steve Daines, Richard C. Shelby, James Lankford, John Thune, James M. Inhofe, Lisa Murkowski, Tom Cotton, Pat Roberts, John Bar-rasso, John Hoeven. Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Alexander substitute amendment No. 3801. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3801 to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028, an act making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Bob Corker, Tom Cot-ton, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Joni Ernst, Jerry Moran, John Boozman, Lindsey Graham, John Thune, Daniel Coats, Chuck Grassley, Shelley Moore Capito, Thad Cochran, Lamar Alex-ander, Richard Burr, Roy Blunt. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JAMES RICHARDSON Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the career of Dr. James ‘‘Jim’’ Richardson, who is retir-ing from the University of Nevada, Reno, UNR, this year. Dr. Richardson is stepping down from his positions as director of judicial studies and foundation professor of so-ciology and judicial studies after 48 years of service to UNR. His commit-ment and dedication to the judicial studies and justice management pro-grams have been invaluable in pre-paring students for careers in the jus-tice system. Dr. Richardson has en-riched the lives of hundreds of stu-dents, including the many under-graduate students he introduced to the field of sociology and the doctoral can-didates he mentored as they completed their dissertations. In addition to his teaching activities, Dr. Richardson has been a prolific re-searcher and writer. He was among the first researchers to focus on new reli-gious movements. He has been praised for his interdisciplinary approach to sociology, particularly for his incorpo-ration of subjects such as law, psy-chology, and economics into the study of religion. Dr. Richardson has au-thored or coauthored 9 books, more than 150 articles, and 85 book chapters. In addition, he has held nearly 350 pres-entations in almost 30 countries. Through his work, Dr. Richardson has made important contributions to the scholarship of sociology and has en-riched academia as a whole. Dr. Richardson has had an impact on the practice of law and the justice sys-tem in more direct settings as well. For instance, he has served as an ex-pert witness on a variety of legal cases. He has also been a consultant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and has worked to help law enforcement of-ficials better understand the inter-action between the justice system and religious groups. In addition, Dr. Rich-ardson has researched several issues for the Nevada Supreme Court. I congratulate Dr. Richardson on his many successes and decades of dedi-cated service to UNR and to the Silver State. Both the justice system and aca-demia have benefitted from his work, and I wish him the best in his retire-ment and future endeavors. f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent from this evening’s vote on cloture on the substitute amendment No. 3801 to the Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Appropriations bill, H.R. 2028, which was not agreed to. On rollcall vote No. 66, had I been present, I would have voted to oppose cloture. The junior Senator from Ar-kansas has proposed an amendment which would grind the Senate’s appro-priations process to a halt while under-mining U.S. national security. This amendment is simply another attempt to undermine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, JCPOA, that has verifiably eliminated the threat of Iran’s nuclear program to the United States, Israel, and the international community. In fact, the junior Senator from Arkansas attempted to under-mine this national security agreement before it was even negotiated by lead-ing a partisan letter to Iran’s Supreme Leader, implying that Congress would not honor any potential diplomatic res-olution to the conflict. The unprece-dented attempt failed. Now that this agreement has been implemented, he is trying to under-mine it again by attempting to pro-hibit the Department of Energy from taking actions which support the deal and remove nuclear-related materials 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.030 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2616 May 9, 2016 
from Iran—actions which, if needed, are important to U.S. national secu-rity. As such, I strongly oppose this ef-fort and continue to support the force-ful implementation of the JCPOA in order to continue to prevent Iran from ever possessing a nuclear weapon. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–34, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to France for defense articles and services estimated to cost $72 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–34 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of France. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $45 million. Other $27 million. TOTAL $72 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services Under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Three-hundred and twelve (312) AGM– 114K1A Hellfire Missiles. One-hundred two (102) AGM–114N1A Hellfire Missiles. Fifty (50) ATM–114Q1A Hellfire Training Missiles. Non-MDE items included in this request are: Hellfire Missile conversion kits; blast fragmentation sleeves and installation kits; containers; and transportation. (iv) Military Department: Army (FR–B– WAA, Amendment 8). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: FR–B– WAA–$42.2M–09 JAN 08. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 29 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  The Government of France—Hellfire Missiles The Government of France previously re-quested the potential sale of one hundred twelve (112) AGM–114K1A Hellfire Missiles, one hundred two (102) AGM–114NIA Hellfire Missiles, fifty (50) ATM–114Q1A Hellfire Training Missiles. Non-MDE consists of four (4) Hellfire Missile Mock-Up Sectional Mod-els. four (4) Hellfire II AGM–114N Warhead Mock-Ups, thirty (30) Hellfire M36–E4 Train-ing Missiles, sixty (60) Hellfire M60 Dummy Missiles, M299 Launcher Spare Parts (O and I Level), Hellfire Missile Spare Parts (O and I Level), M36—4 Training Missile Spare Parts (O and I Level), Integrated Logistics Support Hardware Equipment, Training, U.S. Govern-ment Technical Assistance, one hundred (100) Dome Covers, three (3) Hellfire AGM–114K1A Warhead Sections, three (3) Hellfire AGM– 114N1 Warhead Sections, thirty (30) LASS Simulators, three (3) AN–205Bs, forty-four (44) IRIS, three (3) Calibration Cables, AN– 205B Test Equipment Spare Parts, AGM– 114N1 Warheads without Electronic Safe, Arm and Fire Device, thirteen (13) AGM– 114K1A Main Warheads with No Control Interface Group, thirteen (13) AGM–114K1A Precursors, Hellfire Tripod Launcher with Launch Control without Laser, Technical Data Documentation, Publications, Repair and Return Services, Classified Technical Data Package, Unanticipated and Unprogrammed Requirements, sixteen (16) Hellfire II AGM–114K1A Missile Sleeves, Hellfire M60 Dummy Missile Spare Parts, sixty (60) M34 Hellfire Training Missile, and Conversion Services for M34 Dummy Mis-siles. The MDE value of these items was $20 million; the total implemented value of the initial case and amendments was $42 million. Of the items listed above, France has al-ready received (via a below Congressional threshold-level FMS case, FR–B–WAA) one- hundred and twelve (112) AGM–114K1A Hellfire Missiles, one hundred two (102) AGM–114N1A Hellfire Missiles, fifty (50) ATM–114Q1A Hellfire Training Missiles, Hellfire Missile conversion kits, blast frag-mentation sleeves and installation kits, con-tainers, and transportation. France has requested that this existing FMS case, FR–B–WAA, be amended with the possible sale of two-hundred (200) AGM– 114K1A Hellfire Missiles, Hellfire Missile con-version, blast fragmentation sleeves and in-stallation kits, containers, and transpor-tation. The estimated MDE cost in this amendment is $25 million. The total esti-mated cost is $30 million. As the amendment requested by France will raise the value of FR–B–WAA over the Congressional notification threshold, this transmittal notifies what will be the total quantities and value of the Letter of Offer and Acceptance (LOA) with this proposed amendment. The estimated cost of MDE is $45 million. The total estimated cost is $72 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by improving the capability of a NATO ally. France is a major political and economic power in Europe and a key demo-cratic partner of the United States in ensur-ing peace and stability around the world. It is vital to the U.S. national interest to assist France to develop and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability. The additional missiles will meet France’s operational requirements for a precision- guided tactical missile for its Tigre Attack Helicopter. The purchase will directly sup-port French forces actively engaged in oper-ations in Mali and Northern Africa, pro-viding them the capability to successfully engage targets with minimal collateral dam-age. France will have no difficulty absorbing these missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. There is no principal contractor for this sale as the missiles are coming from U.S. Army stock. There are no known offset agreements in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require any additional U.S. Government or contractor representatives in France. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–34 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. AGM–114K1A, AGM–114N1, and ATM– 114Q1: The highest level for release of the K1A semi active laser is SECRET, based upon the software. Software documentation (e.g., Data Processing, Software Require-ments, Algorithms) are not authorized for disclosure. The highest level of classified in-formation that could be disclosed by a pro-posed sale or by testing of the end item is up to and including SECRET. The highest level that must be disclosed for production, main-tenance, or training is up to and including SECRET. Reverse engineering could reveal SECRET information. Vulnerability data, countermeasures, vulnerability/suscepti-bility analyses, and threat definitions are classified SECRET or CONFIDENTIAL. De-tailed information to include discussions, re-ports and studies of system capabilities, vulnerabilities and limitations that leads to conclusions on specific tactics or other counter countermeasures (CCM) are not au-thorized for disclosure. 2. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment and are releasable to the Government of France. This sale is necessary in further-ance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), as amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 0H–16. This notification relates to enhance-ments or upgrades from the level of sensi-tivity of technology or capability described in the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 14– 18 of 07 July 2014. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.042 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2617 May 9, 2016 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 0H–16 Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensi-tivity of Technology or Capability (Sec. 36(b)(5)(A), AECA) i. Purchaser: Government of Singapore ii. Sec. 36(b)(1), AECA Transmittal No.: 14– 18; Date: 07 July 2014; Military Department: Air Force. iii. Description: On 07 July 2014, Congress was notified by Congressional certification transmittal number 14–18, of the possible sale under Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (AECA) of nine-hundred and thirteen (913) KMU–556 B/B Joint Direct At-tack Munition (JDAM) kits for Mk–84 2000 lb bombs, one-hundred (100) FMU–152A/B Live Fuzes, and three-hundred (300) DSU–40 Laser Precision Guidance Set. Also included were containers, munition trailers, support equip-ment, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering and technical sup-port, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The total estimated major defense equipment (MDE) cost is $43 million. The total estimated program cost is $63 million. This transmittal reports the enhancement of the KMU–556 F/B JDAM kits to include SAASM/AJ (Selective Availability Anti- Spoofing Module with Anti-Jam) GPS receiv-ers. There is no increase in the total esti-mated MDE cost or total estimated program cost. iv. Significance: This report is being pro-vided because at the time of the original no-tification, Singapore was not approved for anti-jam capability. Singapore received DoD approval for anti-jam capability on 22 Octo-ber 2015. v. Justification: This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy goals and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a major Southeast Asian partner in counter-terrorism and an important force for polit-ical stability and economic progress in South East Asia. vi. Date Report Delivered to Congress: MAY 02, 2016. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 0H–16 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology 1. The Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) is not a stand-alone weapon. It is a ‘‘bolt-on’’ guidance package that converts unguided bombs into precision-guided muni-tions (PGMs). Weapon accuracy is dependent on target coordinates and present position coordinates entered into the guidance con-trol unit. The Inertial Navigation System (INS), using updates from the Global Posi-tioning System (GPS), helps guide the bomb to the target via the use of movable tails fins. With the addition of a laser guidance nose kit, the JDAM is able to engage moving targets. The JDAM all-up-round (AUR) (JDAM kit, unguided bomb body, and tail fuze) is UNCLASSIFIED; technical data for JDAM is classified up to SECRET. 2. This transmittal reports the enhance-ment of the KMU–556 F/B JDAM kits to in-clude anti-jam Global Positioning System (GPS) capability. The KMU–556 F/B Tail Kit with Global Positioning System Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module with Anti-jam (GPS/SAASM/AJ) is the tail kit for the GBU–31F(V) 1/B and GBU–56 F (V)/B. In-formation revealing SAASM implementation details are classified SECRET. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 4. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Singapore. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, Va. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington. DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–28, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Tunisia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $100.8 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–28, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Tunisia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $100.8 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–28, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Tunisia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $100.8 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–28 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Tunisia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $44.3 million. Other $56.5 million. Total $100.8 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-five (25) Embedded GPS/Inertial (EGI) Navigation Systems (INS). Twenty-four (24) AN/AAR–57 Common Mis-sile Warning Systems (CMWS). Ten (10) AGM–114R Hellfire Missiles. Eighty-two (82) Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) Rounds. Non-MDE: This request includes the fol-lowing Non-MDE: To be installed on each of the twenty-four (24) EDA OH–58D aircraft: one (1) SHP Rolls-Royce 250–C3OR/3 Engine, one (1) AN/ARC–164 UHF Radio, one (1) AN/ ARC–186 VHF Radio, one (1) PC–DTS–V Data Recorder, two (2) AN/ARC–201D Radios, one (1) AN/APX–118 IFF Transponder, one (1) AN/ APR–39A(V)1/4 Radar Signal Detecting Set, one (1) AN/AVR–2B Laser Warning Receiver, one (1) Ml34 DH Mini-Gun, one (1) M3P Air-craft Gun System, and two (2) M260 Rocket Launchers. This request also includes: fifty (50) AN/ AVS–6 Night Vision Goggles (NVGs), five- hundred thousand (500,000) 12.7mm rounds for the M3P Gun System, 2.3 million 7.62mm rounds for the M134DH Mini-Gun, the A965M1 Decoy Chaff Cartridges, M211 and M212 Ad-vance Infrared Countermeasures Munition flares, eighty-two (82) MK66 MOD 4+ 2.75 rocket motors and eighty-two (82) M152 High Explosive (HE) warheads to support the APKWS, one (1) EGI for the Combined Arma-ment Avionics Electrical Trainers, six (6) M279A1 Hellfire Launchers, associated test and support equipment, technical support, the Army’s Non-Standard Rotary Wing Avia-tion Program Manager’s Office (NSRWA PMO) technical support, Security Assistance Management Directorate’s (SAMD) program technical support, additional contractor sup-port, Peculiar Ground Support Equipment (PGSE), Post Production Support Services (PPSS), Government Furnished Equipment (GFE), Retrofit Service Notice (RSN), Repair and Return (R&R), communication and navi-gation equipment, aircraft survivability equipment, displays, flyable storage, trans-portation of aircraft, publications, and train-ing. (iv) Military Department: Army (IBD). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: TU–B–USS– 12 JAN 15–$405M. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: MAY 03, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Tunisia–OH–58D Kiowa Warrior Aircraft Equipment and Support The Government of Tunisia has requested a possible sale of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-five (25) Embedded GPS/Inertial (EGI) Navigation Systems (INS). Twenty-four (24) AN/AAR–57 Common Mis-sile Warning Systems (CMWS). Ten (10) AGM–114R Hellfire Missiles. Eighty-two (82) Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) Rounds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.037 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2618 May 9, 2016 
This request includes the following Non- MDE: To be installed on each of the twenty- four (24) WA OH–58D aircraft: one (1) SHP Rolls-Royce 250–C3OR/3 Engine, one (1) AN/ ARC–164 UHF Radio, one (1) AN/ARC–186 VHF Radio, one (1) PC–DTS–V Data Re-corder, two (2) AN/ARC–201D Radios, one (1) AN/APX–118 IFF Transponder, one (1) AN/ APR–39A(V)1/4 Radar Signal Detecting Set, one (1) AN/AVR–2B Laser Warning Receiver, one (1) Ml34 DH Mini-Gun, one (1) M3P Air-craft Gun System, and two (2) M260 Rocket Launchers. This request also includes: fifty (50) AN/ AVS–6 Night Vision Goggles (NVGs), five- hundred thousand (500,000) 12.7mm rounds for the M3P Gun System, 2.3 million 7.62mm rounds for the M134DH Mini-Gun, the A965M1 Decoy Chaff Cartridges, M211 and M212 Ad-vance Infrared Countermeasures Munition flares, eighty-two (82) MK66 MOD 4 2.75 rock-et motors and eighty-two (82) M152 High Ex-plosive (HE) warheads to support the APKWS, one (1) EGI for the Combined Arma-ment Avionics Electrical Trainers, six (6) M279A1 Hellfire Launchers, associated test and support equipment, technical support, the Army’s Non-Standard Rotary Wing Avia-tion Program Manager’s Office (NSRWA PMO) technical support, Security Assistance Management Directorate’s (SAMD) program technical support, additional contractor sup-port, Peculiar Ground Support Equipment (PGSE), Post Production Support Services (PPSS), Government Furnished Equipment (GFE), Retrofit Service Notice (RSN), Repair and Return (R&R), communication and navi-gation equipment, aircraft survivability equipment, displays. flyable storage, trans-portation of aircraft, publications, and train-ing. The total estimated value of MDE is $44.3 million. The total overall estimated value is $100.8 million. Tunisia has been approved to receive twen-ty-four (24) OH–58D Kiowa Warrior Heli-copters via the Excess Defense Articles (EDA) Program under a separate notifica-tion. That separate notification included only the OH–58D airframes, thus this trans-mittal includes all the major components and customer-unique requirements requested to supplement the EDA grant transfer. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security objec-tives of the United States by helping to im-prove the security of Tunisia which has been, and continues to be an important force for political stability and economic progress in the North African region. The United States is committed to the security of Tunisia, and it is vital to U.S. national interests to assist Tunisia to develop and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability. The OH–58D Kiowa Warrior helicopters along with the parts, systems, and support enumerated in this notification will improve Tunisia’s capability to conduct border secu-rity and combat operations against terror-ists, including Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in Libya, and Ansar al- Sharia, Tunisia (AAS–T). These helicopters will further modernize the Tunisian armed forces and increase its interoperability with U.S. forces and other coalition partners. Tu-nisia will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor for this effort is unknown and will be determined during con-tract negotiations. There are no known off-set agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of approximately ten (10) additional U.S. Government and approxi-mately fifteen (15) contractor representa-tives to Tunisia for approximately five (5) years to support the fielding, maintenance, and personal training. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–28 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This sale will involve the release of sen-sitive technology to Tunisia. The OH–58D Kiowa Warrior Helicopter weapons system is classified up to SECRET. The OH–58D air-craft features advanced avionics and other technologically sensitive systems. Aircraft in the U.S. Government configuration will be equipped with one (1) SHP Rolls-Royce 250– C30R/3 Engine, one (1) AN/ARC–164 UHF Radio, one (1) AN/ARC–186 VHF Radio, one (1) PC–DTS–V Data Recorder, two (2) AN/ ARC–201D Radios, one (1) AN/APX–118 IFF Transponder, one (1) Embedded UPS/Inertial (EGI) Navigation System (INS), one (1) AN/ APR–39A(V)1/4 Radar Signal Detecting Set, one (1) AN/AAR–57 Common Missile Warning System (CMWS), one (1) AN/AVR–2B Laser Warning Receiver, one (1) M134 DH Mini- Gun, one (1) M3P Aircraft Gun System, two (2) M260 Rocket Launchers, Hellfire Missile System, the Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS), AN/AVS–6 Night Vision Goggles (NVGs), the AGM–114R Hellfire Mis-sile, A965M1 Decoy Chaff Cartridges, M211 and M212 Advance Infrared Countermeasures Munition flares. 2. Sensitive and/or classified (up to SE-CRET) elements of the proposed OH–58D Kiowa Warrior Helicopter sale include hard-ware, accessories, components, and associ-ated software: Embedded GPS/Inertial (EGI) Navigation System (INS), the AN/AAR–57 Common Missile Warning System (CMWS), the AN/APX–118 Transponder Identify Friend or Foe (IFF), the AN/APR–39A(V)1/4 Radar Signal Detecting Set, the AN/AVR–2B Laser Detecting Set, the AN/AVS–6 Night Vision Goggles (NVGs), the AGM–114R Hellfire Mis-siles, the Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) All-Up-Rounds (AURs), A965M1 Decoy Chaff Cartridge, and the M211 and M212 Advance Infrared Countermeasures Munition flares. Additional sensitive infor-mation includes operating manuals, and maintenance technical orders containing performance information, operating and test procedures, and other information related to support operations and repair. The hardware, software, and data identified are classified to protect vulnerabilities, design, and perform-ance parameters, and other similar critical information. a. The EGI/INS is a navigation platform that combines an inertial sensor assembly with a fixed reception pattern antenna (GPS receiver and a common Kalman filter. The EGI system is the primary source for posi-tion information. The EGI is UNCLASSI-FIED. The GPS crypto variable keys needed for highest GPS accuracy are classified up to SECRET. b. The AN/AAR–57 Common Missile Warn-ing System utilizes electro-optical sensors to warn the aircrew of threatening missile launch and approach. This system detects and performs data hand-off so countermeasures can be auto-matically dispensed. The system provides pi-lots hostile fire indication. The system hard-ware components are UNCLASSIFIED with-out installed software. When software is in-stalled, the system is classified up to CON-FIDENTIAL. c. The AN/APX–118 Identification Friend or Foe combined transponder interrogator sys-tem is UNCLASSIFIED unless evaluator pa-rameters are enabled, which are SECRET. d. The AN/APR–39A(V)1/4 Radar Signal De-tecting Set provides warning of radar di-rected threats to allow appropriate evasive maneuvers and deployment of radar counter-measures. The system hardware components are UNCLASSIFIED without installed soft-ware. When the software is installed, the sys-tem is classified up to CONFIDENTIAL. e. The AN/AVR–2B Laser Detecting Set is a passive laser warning system that can re-ceive, process. and provide for the display of threat information. The system, hardware components, and software are UNCLASSI-FIED. f. The AN/AVS–6 Night Vision Goggles (NVG) is a 3rd generation aviation NVG of-fering higher resolution, high gain, and photo response to near infrared. Hardware is UNCLASSIFIED and technical data and doc-umentation to be provided are UNCLASSI-FIED. 8. The AGM–114R Hellfire Missile has sen-sitive technology contained within oper-ational semi-active laser seeker. The highest level for release of the AGM–114R is SE-CRET, based upon the semi-active seeker and warhead. Reverse engineering could re-veal CONFIDENTIAL information. Vulner-ability data, countermeasures, vulnerability/ susceptibility analyses, and threat defini-tions are classified SECRET or CONFIDEN-TIAL. h. The Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) All-Up-Round (AUR) is an air-to-ground weapon that consists of an APKWS Guidance Section (GS), 2.75-inch MK66 Mod 4 rocket motor, and MK152 war-head/fuze. APKWS uses a semi-active laser seeker. The GS is installed between the rock-et motor and warhead to create a guided rocket. The APKWS may be procured as an independent component to be mated to ap-propriate 2.75-inch warheads/fuzes and rocket motors purchased separately or may be pur-chased as an AUR. The overall classification is SECRET. i. The A965M1 is a 25.4mm Decoy Chaff Car-tridge. All cartridge components including the cartridge case, piston, end cap, and theo-retical band coverage are UNCLASSIFIED. The specifications and drawings for this item are also UNCLASSIFIED. Radar Cross Sec-tion (RCS) measurements of deployed chaff are CONFIDENTIAL. Chaff deployment tim-ing, sequence, pattern, and effectiveness against radar threats are SECRET/NOFORN. 3. Software, hardware, and other data/in-formation, which is classified or sensitive, is reviewed prior to release to protect system vulnerabilities, design data, and performance parameters. Some end-item hardware, soft-ware, and other data identified above are classified at the CONFIDENTIAL and SE-CRET level. Potential compromise of these systems is controlled through management of the basic software programs of highly sen-sitive systems and software-controlled weap-on system on a case-by-case basis. 4. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar capabilities. Weap-on system effectiveness to persecute adver-saries kinetically and strategically would be greatly compromised, and interoperability with friendly forces would be adversely im-pacted. 5. A determination has been made that Tu-nisia, the recipient country, can provide the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Gov-ernment. This sale is necessary in further-ance of the U.S. foreign policy and national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.039 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2619 May 9, 2016 
security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 6. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Tuni-sia. f 
TRIBUTE TO NEW JERSEY STU-DENTS ENLISTING IN THE ARMED SERVICES Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I wish to honor 61 high school seniors in Camden County, NJ, for their commendable decision to enlist in the U.S. Armed Forces. Of these 61, 20 have elected to join the U.S. Army: Dalton Bretz, Freddy Guzman, Alliyah Rowe, Joseph Davis, James Helsel, Siobhan Reheuser, Jo-seph Stone, Natalie Reyes, William Landsaw, Marcon Quinagon, Joshua Roque, Pasquale Joseph Liveecchi, Jalen Reginald Tompkins, Erik Santos, Quiyara Alexis Miller, Anthony Eugen Evans, Raymundo Ricco, Luis Fran-cisco Mansilla, Maxwell Flaherty, and Michael Felix. Six have elected to join the U.S. Navy: Keelei Galloway, James Hyland, Domenic Miraglia, Delaney Carr, Ryan Moore, and Vincent Dinicolas. Five have elected to join the U.S. Air Force: Madison Shields, Noah Forsman, Samuel Lugo, Dustin McGunnigle, and Krystal Ford. Eighteen have elected to join the U.S. Marine Corps: Jonathon Brunick, Bilal Gibson, Jacob Rivera, Keith Mennig, Michael Andrescavage, An-thony Shaffer, Vincent Bulgarino, Sarah Astor, Austin Cole, Antoniel Ri-vera-Santos, Christopher Morales, An-drew Jago, David Foulks, Joseph Esguerra, Jacob Jelesiewicz, Andre Lopez, Lineilys Ramos Sanchez, and Joseph Rios. And 12 have elected to join the New Jersey National Guard: Shersy Batista, Sherly Batista, Joselyn Chevere, An-thony Crispaldi, Allison Johnson, Nich-olas Lombardo, Mary Grace Oinal, Nicholas Oliver-Simons, Jasmine Perez, Angel Rivera, Savanna Sanchez, and John Scullan. These 61 individuals will also be hon-ored on May 17, 2016, at the Our Com-munity Salutes of South Jersey rec-ognition ceremony in Voorhees Town-ship, NJ. The future of our Nation remains strong because of young men and women like these 61 individuals who have decided to step forward and com-mit themselves to the defense of our Nation and to upholding the ideals upon which it was founded. Indeed, these New Jerseyans represent the very best of America, and they should rest assured that the full support of the Senate as well as that of the American people are with them in whatever chal-lenges may lie ahead. It is thanks to the dedication of un-told numbers of patriots, like these 61 whom we are able to meet here today in the Senate and openly debate the best solutions to the many and diverse problems that confront our country. It is thanks to their sacrifices that the United States of America remains a beacon of hope and freedom throughout the world. We owe them, along with all those who serve our country, a deep debt of gratitude. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER 2 JOHN HEFFERNAN ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize CWO2 John S. Heffernan, Retired, for his leadership and dedication to our State and Nation as a soldier, a veteran, and a volunteer. He is truly a public servant. Mr. Heffernan enlisted in the Army in 1962 and began his military career with basic training at Fort Chaffee, AR. He completed telecommunications training at Fort Gordon, GA, and then served as a cryptographer in the 33rd Signal Battalion at Fort Richardson, AK. Mr. Heffernan was discharged from the Army on March 19, 1965, and briefly assigned to the U.S. Army Reserve Control Group, Reinforcement, before joining the Arkansas National Guard less than a week later. He served as a personnel staff noncommissioned offi-cer, ultimately reaching the enlisted rank of sergeant first class, E–7. In 1980, Mr. Heffernan was appointed as a warrant officer and served as a mili-tary personnel technician and later promoted to the rank of chief warrant officer 2. After completing more than 27 years of military service and approximately 25 years as a fulltime, dual status mili-tary technician for the Arkansas Army National Guard, Mr. Heffernan retired as a servicemember and as a civil serv-ice employee and was transferred to the U.S. Army Reserve Control Group, Retired Reserves, in 1990. Shortly after his retirement, Mr. Heffernan went back to work as a fam-ily assistance officer at Fisher Armory in North Little Rock in support of the 148th Evacuation Hospital and the 25th Rear Operations Center, during their deployment to Desert Shield/Desert Storm. Following Desert Storm, Mr. Heffernan saw the need to assist mili-tary retirees and their families, so for the next 5 years, he provided his vol-untary services at Camp Robinson in North Little Rock. After his time at Camp Robinson, Mr. Heffernan spent the next 18 years, providing voluntary retirement services at the Little Rock Air Force Base, becoming the director of retiree activities in 2000. Mr. Heffernan has been a tireless advocate and the go-to person in central Arkan-sas for all matters related to military retirees and their families. In April, Mr. Heffernan retired as a volunteer, but remains active in the military and veteran community by serving as the retiree representative on the board of directors for the National Guard Asso-ciation of Arkansas. For more than half of a century, Mr. Heffernan has been a selfless servant to others. I take this opportunity to rec-ognize and say thank you to CW2 John S. Heffernan, Retired, for his service to Arkansas, our Nation, and his fellow man. May God continue to bless him in his retirement.∑ f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SAN DIEGO ZOO GLOBAL ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join Senator F
EINSTEIN  and me in recognizing the centennial of the San Diego Zoo Global, a world- class facility dedicated to providing ex-pert animal care and promoting wild-life conservation. Founded in 1916, the San Diego Zoo Global began as a sanctuary for aban-doned animals left behind after the Panama-California Exposition held in San Diego. The zoo expanded quickly, opening its doors to rare and exotic animals donated by private owners, purchased from circuses and other zoos, and rescued from the wild. In the 1950s, zoo director Dr. Charles Schroe-der had the idea of exhibiting animals in a large, free-range habitat that pro-vided space for breeding and conserva-tion research. His dream became a re-ality in 1972 with the opening of the San Diego Zoo Safari Park, a one-of-a- kind 1,800-acre habitat that is now home to more than 3,200 animals. Over half of the park has been set aside as protected native species habitat. Throughout the years, the San Diego Zoo Global has played a critical role in preserving rare wildlife and habitats through its Institute for Conservation Research, housed in the Arnold and Mabel Beckman Center for Conserva-tion Research. Founded in 1975, the in-stitute is one of the largest zoo-based research centers in the world and has led several successful efforts to protect some of the world’s most endangered species, including the magnificent Cali-fornia condor. The zoo led the effort to save the condor by designing and im-plementing a successful 25-year cap-tive-breeding process that reintroduced the species to its native habitat. At the start of the program, the California condor was near extinction; today the current condor population is more than 420, with approximately 200 living in the wild in California, Arizona, Utah, and Mexico. The San Diego Zoo Global is also making an immediate and lasting im-pact in our Nation’s classrooms. Each year, the San Diego Zoo and the Insti-tute for Conservation Research hosts a workshop for middle and high school teachers from across the United States. This hands-on experience allows edu-cators to develop innovative lessons in conservation to bring back to their students. Over the past 100 years, the San Diego Zoo Global has opened its doors to millions of visitors from around the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.039 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2620 May 9, 2016 
globe, setting a new standard for zoo-logical institutions worldwide. Senator F
EINSTEIN and I want to congratulate the staff, volunteers, and supporters of this extraordinary organization for the important role they play in the care and preservation of our earth’s most beautiful creatures and habitats. We know their work will continue to make a profound difference for generations to come.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SAMUEL STATEN, SENIOR ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I remember the distinguished life and career of Mr. Samuel Staten, Sr., who passed away at the age of 80 on Tues-day, April 26, 2016. Sam was not only a trusted adviser and dedicated father, but a pillar of strength for thousands in the labor movement and Philadel-phia. I would like to take this time to not only send my condolences to his family, but to reflect upon his remark-able life. He spent 50 years in the labor industry and dedicated his career to strengthening the rights of workers and the bonds of friendship between the communities of Philadelphia. He worked his entire life for the better-ment of his fellow workers and experi-enced firsthand the hardships that in-adequate wages and benefits can have on hard-working Americans. Sam’s presence was felt in the labor movement long before his time as one of Philadelphia’s most prominent civic leaders. He spent 10 years as a con-struction laborer in Philadelphia in the 1960s and remembered working for $2.60 an hour, without health care, without a pension plan, without any of the sup-port many of our Nation’s workers have come to enjoy today. His experi-ence in the transformative decade of the sixties showed him not only the importance of the labor movement, but the power that collective action can have for the well-being of the commu-nity and the Nation. Following 10 years as a construction worker, Sam’s capacity for leadership and his ability to unite people were recognized when he became a field rep-resentative for Laborers’ Local 332 in 1970. His skills and leadership helped him to quickly rise through the ranks, and in 1973, he was appointed assistant business manager for Local 332. The high esteem in which he was held by his colleagues continued to be evident in 1978 when he was elected business manager for Local 332 and held that po-sition until 2008. He also served as the secretary-treasurer of the Laborers’ District Council of the Metropolitan Area of Philadelphia & Vicinity. He of-ficially retired from Laborers Local 332 and the Laborers’ District Council in 2010. Never one to narrow his focus to just one area, he brought his leadership and insight to countless other organiza-tions. Over the years, he served as a trustee of the Laborers’ District Coun-cil Building & Construction Health & Welfare Fund, delegate to the Philadel-phia Building & Construction Trades Council, board member of the Philadel-phia Housing Authority, member of the African-American Chamber of Com-merce, trustee of the Laborers’ District Council Building & Construction Pen-sion Fund, board member of the Penn-sylvania Convention Center Authority, and member of the Pennsylvania Pre-vailing Wage Appeals Board. These rep-resent only a few of the many organiza-tions to which Sam lent his support, but show the extensive influence and support he has given to the Philadel-phia area. Given the breadth of his dedication to the workers and people of Philadel-phia, it is unsurprising that his leader-ship extended even further through charitable work. He helped to found the Laborers’ District Council Charity Fund through an act that, though re-markable, was typical of Sam. At a 1987 Friends of Labor Committee din-ner held in his honor, Sam was pre-sented with $25,000 for his service over the years. However, he saw the gift not as a chance to help himself, but an op-portunity to improve the lives of oth-ers. He chose to donate the money to charity, which in turn inspired his col-leagues and gave birth to the Laborers’ District Council Charity Fund. Re-named the Samuel Staten, Sr., Chari-table Trust in 2011, the organization continues to provide thousands of dol-lars in services and scholarships to Local 332 members in need. Throughout his life he fought for the dignity and well-being of hard-working Americans and, regardless of his suc-cess, never forgot his roots in the labor movement. He experienced both great success and hardship, but regardless of the hand he was dealt, he always saw an opportunity to extend that hand to others in need. As he rose through the ranks of Local 332, he brought together diverse communities and labor inter-ests for the benefit of the community. Even when confronted with the tragic death of his son, Qaid Staten, Sam’s dedication to the community could not be diminished. His son was killed just months before he was to attend Howard University, but Sam chose to honor his son not through grief, but through the creation of the Qaid Staten Memorial Scholarship Fund, which continues to provide support to other young stu-dents preparing to enter college. Sam’s life was a story of uncommon acts of kindness in service of the common good. On behalf of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and a grateful nation, I would like to once again extend my deepest condolences to the family of Samuel Staten, Sr. Philadelphia and the Nation may have lost a distin-guished leader, dedicated public serv-ant, and devoted father and grand-father, but we will never lose the posi-tive change he brought to the city of Philadelphia, the impact he had on the lives of thousands, nor the legacy of idealism, compassion, and community service that he has left so others may continue to fight for the causes of dig-nity and equality to which he dedi-cated his life.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO PAUL COOKE ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Director Paul Cooke of the Colorado Division of Fire Preven-tion and Control for his 35 years of service to Colorado. Paul’s steadfast leadership through-out his career in fire and emergency services has had an extremely positive impact on Colorado’s public safety. Mr. Cooke first began as a volunteer fire-fighter in 1979, and he has since served in a variety of capacities as a career fireman, fire chief, and other influen-tial roles in local and State govern-ment. Paul’s contributions to Colorado’s fire safety and first responder system are immeasurable. I commend his brav-ery and fortitude during times of trag-edy, specifically his direction during the South Canyon fire. Additionally, his work with local and State officials developed and imple-mented some of Colorado’s most sig-nificant fire prevention and safety pro-grams. Most notably are the updates to the State’s fire protection services, or-ganization of the State-level fire and life safety programs, as well as the statewide first responder training pro-grams. I thank Director Paul Cooke for his dedicated hard work throughout his en-tire career and congratulate him on a well-deserved retirement.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TWIN CITIES DIVISION OF THE COAST GUARD AUXILIARY ∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Afton, MN, flotilla of the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary, which is celebrating its 75th anniversary this year. Established in 1941, this flotilla is the oldest in Min-nesota. The volunteers of the Coast Guard Auxiliary dedicate their time to mak-ing sure our community’s lakes and rivers are safe. As the Land of 10,000 Lakes, flotillas in Minnesota have a fulltime job. From performing search and rescue operations, to teaching boating safety courses, for 75 years, the Afton flotilla has helped to ensure that Minnesota waterways are safe and ac-cessible. Over the years, when our State has faced natural disasters such as flooding of the Mississippi River and the Red River, the Afton flotilla has worked side-by-side with local, State, and Fed-eral authorities to aid in search and rescue operations, evacuations, and emergency communications. When the I–35W bridge over the Mississippi River in Minneapolis tragically collapsed in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.039 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2621 May 9, 2016 
2007, the volunteers of the Afton flo-tilla were ready to work with emer-gency response teams and helped cata-log the countless amount of debris ex-amined during the investigation. Even after the disaster was over, the flotilla monitored boater safety once the river was finally reopened. Even more than responding to disas-ters, the Afton flotilla works to pre-vent disasters on the water, making sure that river navigation tools are in working order and patrolling during re-gattas and other events. There is no way for us to know just how many lives were saved over the past 75 years through the hard work of the Afton flo-tilla volunteers. I join all of my fellow Minnesotans in applauding the Afton flotilla’s momen-tous anniversary and the dedication of its volunteer members over the past 75 years. I would also like to thank all of the auxiliary volunteers in Minnesota and across the country who keep our communities and waterways safe. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL ROBERT F. NORTON, USA, RETIRED ∑Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today I wish to honor COL Robert F. Norton, USA, Retired, on the occasion of his re-tirement as deputy director of govern-ment relations for the Military Officers Association of America, MOAA. After serving in the Army Reserve for several years while he worked as a schoolteacher, Colonel Norton volun-teered for full-time Active Duty with the Army in 1978. He served in various assignments on the Army headquarters staff and the office of the Secretary of the Army, specializing in Reserve man-power and personnel policy matters. He served two tours in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Re-serve Affairs, first as a personnel pol-icy officer and then as senior military assistant to the Assistant Secretary. Colonel Norton retired from the Army in 1995. His military awards in-clude the Legion of Merit, Defense Su-perior Service Medal, Bronze Star, Vietnam Service Medal, and the Armed Forces Reserve Medal. He is a graduate of the U.S. Army Command and Gen-eral Staff College, the Army War Col-lege, and the Kennedy School of Gov-ernment senior officials in national se-curity course at Harvard University. After his retirement, Colonel Norton continued his service as a defense con-tractor for 2 years, including time in Bosnia and other locations, but he found his true calling when he joined MOAA’s government relations staff in 1997, specializing in National Guard, Reserve, and veterans benefits issues. In his nearly 19 years with MOAA, Colonel Norton testified before Con-gress more than 30 times and played a major role in a wide array of legisla-tive accomplishments. Foremost among these was the post-9/11 GI Bill, where Colonel Norton’s efforts played a pivotal role in ensuring this legislation included provisions for the Guard and Reserve, as well as transferability of benefits to family members. Colonel Norton also played a key role in winning legislation extending mili-tary health coverage to members of the Guard and Reserve and their families and authorizing early retirement credit for Guard and Reserve members called up for combat zone service. Colonel Norton’s 38 years of service to our country and to those who serve and have served in uniform, as well as their families and survivors, is in keep-ing with the highest standards of excel-lence and is worthy of special recogni-tion as he and his spouse, Colleen, em-bark on the next phase of their lives. ∑ f 
REMEMBERING FRANK LEVINGSTON ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Frank Levingston of Lake Charles, LA. Known affectionately as Uncle Frank, Levingston was the Nation’s oldest liv-ing World War II veteran until his pass-ing last week. Levingston was born on November 13, 1905, to Frank and Ida Levingston in Cotton Valley, LA. He was one of seven children. Along with his younger sib-lings, Levingston helped to maintain approximately 200 acres of land, which remains in his family today. When the United States entered World War II after the December 7, 1941, attack on Pearl Harbor, Levingston enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1942, where he dutifully served as a private and automobile serviceman during World War II and participated in the Allied invasion of Italy. After his honorable discharge from the Army in 1945, he became a union worker spe-cializing in cement finishing. In 1981 Levingston moved to Lake Charles, LA, which he called home for the rest of his life. As the oldest living World War II vet-eran, Levingston saw many changes and much growth during his lifetime, including the Great Depression, the Jim Crow era, and the civil rights movement. In November 2015, he was invited by Austin, TX, Honor Flight to travel to Washington, DC, to visit the White House and lay a wreath at the National World War II Monument in re-membrance of the attack on Pearl Har-bor. Frank Levingston entered eternal rest on May 3, 2016. It is a privilege to join with the Senate to honor Frank Levingston’s life, his accomplishments, and his commitment to serve his coun-try.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERIFF GREGORY CHAMPAGNE ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Gregory Champagne, sheriff of St. Charles Parish, LA. Born and raised in St. Charles Par-ish, LA, Champagne attended Hahnville High School and graduated from Nicholls State University in 1979 with a B.A. in government. Champagne went on to earn a J.D. from the Lou-isiana State University Law Center in 1982, after which he served as the as-sistant district attorney in St. Charles Parish for nearly 14 years. In 1995, Champagne was elected to serve as sheriff of St. Charles Parish. He was re-elected in 1999 with overwhelming sup-port and has won the subsequent four elections, making him the second sher-iff in St. Charles Parish history to win six terms. In 2003, Sheriff Champagne was se-lected Louisiana Sheriff of the Year by the Louisiana Crime Victim’s Coali-tion. Champagne was also elected by his peers to serve as president of the Louisiana Sheriff’s Association from 2007 to 2008. Currently, he serves as the first vice president of the executive committee for the National Sheriff’s Association, NSA, which represents 3,080 sheriffs across the United States. Sheriff Champagne additionally chairs the NSA’s legal affairs committee and sits on the congressional affairs com-mittee, global affairs committee, and homeland security committee. Most re-cently, Champagne joined the U.S. De-partment of Justice’s National Com-mission on Forensic Science, using his decades of experience and expertise to advise the Justice Department on fighting crime and keeping our com-munities safer. Champagne has been married for over 30 years to Alice Landry Champagne and is an active member of the St. Charles Parish community. Champagne is a longtime member of the Rotary Club, Knights of Columbus Council 2409, and the Holy Family Catholic Church. Sheriff Champagne has also served as a mentor with the St. Charles Parish Public School District for over 10 years. In his downtime, the Sheriff enjoys playing music and is known for being an accomplished trumpet player and a member of multiple bands. Today I would like to honor Sheriff Champagne for his remarkable career and to thank him for his endless com-mitment to serving the community of St. Charles Parish.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MARGARET N. LAURANT ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Ms. Margaret N. Laurant, of Slidell, LA. Ms. Laurant was born in Bonfouca, LA, in 1926 to Jean and Elmonia Narcisse, both of whom were direct de-scendants of original French settlers of Bofouca. Ms. Laurant is the last re-maining of her nine siblings and cur-rently serves as the matriarch of the Narcisse family. As a young child, Ms. Laurant dealt with racism firsthand. She recalls attending a small seg-regated one-room school called the Golden Key. Later she attended middle school at the St. Tammany Parish Training School for Negros, where each day she walked to school as she was unable to ride a school bus with her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.041 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2622 May 9, 2016 
White schoolmates. Soon after com-pleting her middle-school education, Ms. Laurant selflessly began working full time in an effort to ease her fam-ily’s financial hardships. In 1946, Ms. Laurant met her future husband, Norvell Laurant, in her home-town of Bonfouca. After marrying, the couple left Louisiana for Columbus, OH, where Mr. Laurant was stationed in the U.S. Army and Air Force. After receiving an honorable discharge from the military in 1948, the two moved back to Bonfouca. There, they built their home and raised seven children, to whom they stressed the importance of strong Christian values and a well- rounded education. Leading by exam-ple, Ms. Laurant attended adult evening classes at St. Tammany High School. During this time she also worked as a housekeeper to provide for her family. Using her past experiences, Ms. Laurant advocated for racial inte-gration in schools throughout Salmen and Slidell, LA, to ensure that African- American students were treated fairly and received a quality education. Ms. Laurant still resides in Bofouca, now an incorporated part of Slidell, where after Hurricane Katrina in 2005, she re-built the home in which she raised all seven of her children. As she approaches her 90th birthday, I would like to honor Ms. Laurant’s life, her accomplishments, and her commitment to her community and ad-vancing the rights of African Ameri-cans during a tumultuous time in our Nation’s history. I wish her the happiest of birthdays.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on April 29, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing the Speak-er had signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1890. An act to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal ju-risdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. H.R. 1493. An act to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 2908. An act to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on April 29, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills and joint resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 2901. An act to amend the Flood Dis-aster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes. H.R. 4901. An act to reauthorize the Schol-arships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 5019. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes. H.J. Res. 88. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 4703(b) of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Act (20 U.S.C. 4703), the Majority Leader appoints the following Member of the House of Representa-tives to the Board of Trustees of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Ex-cellence in Education Foundation: Ms. M
ARTHA MCSALLY of Arizona. The message further announced that pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), amended, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following indi-vidual on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the United States- China Economic and Security Review Commission for a term expiring De-cember 31, 2017: Mr. Daniel M. Slane of Ohio. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2901. An act to amend the Flood Dis-aster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5019. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following joint resolution was read the first and second times by unanimous consent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.J. Res. 88. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’ . f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on April 29, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1890. An act to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal ju-risdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. f EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5306. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Propanamide, 2-hydroxy-N, N-di-methyl-; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9944–10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5307. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pesticide Tolerance Crop Grouping Program Amendment IV’’ (FRL No. 9944–87) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5308. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Mefenoxam; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9944–82) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5309. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Carfentrazone-ethyl; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9942–47) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5310. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Abamectin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9945–29) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5311. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Child and Adult Care Food Program: Meal Pattern Revisions Related to the Healthy, Hunger- Free Kids Act of 2010’’ (RIN0584–AE18) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5312. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tart Cher-ries Grown in the States of Michigan, et al.; Revision of Exemption Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0046) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5313. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.035 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2623 May 9, 2016 
Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-quirements for the Distribution and Control of Donated Foods—The Emergency Food As-sistance Program: Implementation of the Agricultural Act of 2014’’ (RIN0584–AE29) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5314. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the U.S. Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a violation of the Antideficiency Act; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. EC–5315. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of General David M. Rodriguez, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of general on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–5316. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral John W. Hesterman III, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5317. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral William E. Gortney, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of admiral on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–5318. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5319. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Army, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Activities of the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Coopera-tion for 2015’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5320. A communication from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fi-nalization of Interim Final Rules (Subject to Any Intervening Amendments) Under Con-sumer Financial Protection Laws’’ (RIN3170– AA06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5321. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fair Lending Report of the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau’’; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5322. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5323. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Flood Elevation Deter-minations’’ (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5324. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Clarification of Test Procedures for Fluorescent Lamps Ballasts’’ ((RIN1904–AD58) (Docket No. EERE–2009–BT– TP–0016)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 2, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5325. A communication from the Chief of the Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas and Sulfur Oper-ations in the Outer Continental Shelf - Blow-out Preventer Systems and Well Control’’ (RIN1014–AA11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–5326. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Removal of I/M Program in Memphis and Revisions to the 1997 8-Hour Ozone Maintenance Plan for Shelby County, Tennessee’’ (FRL No. 9945– 91–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5327. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Temporary Exception for Certain Severe Wound Discharges From Certain Long-Term Care Hospitals Required by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016; Modification of Limitations on Redesig-nation by the Medicare Geographic Classi-fication Review Board’’ ((RIN0938–AS88) (CMS–1664-IFC)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5328. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Commercial Re-payment Center in Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5329. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of the Treasury, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5330. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) Programs; Medicaid Man-aged Care, CHIP Delivered in Managed Care, and Revision Related to Third Party Liabil-ity’’ ((RIN0938–AS25) (CMS–2390–F)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5331. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–005); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5332. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–016); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5333. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–023); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5334. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–105); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–5335. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod December 1, 2015, through January 31, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5336. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report certifying for fiscal year 2016 that no United Nations agency or United Na-tions affiliated agency grants any official status, accreditation, or recognition to any organization which promotes and condones or seeks the legalization of pedophilia, or which includes as a subsidiary or member any such organization; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5337. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the activities of the Millennium Challenge Corporation during fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5338. A communication from the Dep-uty Director of the Division of Coal Mine Workers’ Compensation, Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Black Lung Benefits Act: Disclosure of Medical Information and Payment of Benefits’’ (RIN1240–AA10) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5339. A communication from the Direc-tor, Directorate of Whistleblower Protection Programs, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for Handling Retaliation Complaints Under Section 402 of the FDA Food Safety Mod-ernization Act’’ (RIN1218–AC58) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5340. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a fiscal year 2017 estimate for the Free Clinic Program; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5341. A communication from the Chair, U.S. Sentencing Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the amendments to the fed-eral sentencing guidelines that were pro-posed by the Commission during the 2015– 2016 amendment cycle; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5342. A communication from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, the amendments to the Federal Rules of Appel-late Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.006 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2624 May 9, 2016 
EC–5343. A communication from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, the amendments to the Federal Rules of Bank-ruptcy Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5344. A communication from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, the amendments to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure that have been adopted by the Su-preme Court of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5345. A communication from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, the amendments to the Federal Rules of Crimi-nal Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5346. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Policy), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the report on activities of the National Guard Counterdrug Schools; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5347. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Veterans Health Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Health Care for Certain Children of Viet-nam Veterans and Certain Korea Veterans— Covered Birth Defects and Spina Bifida’’ (RIN2900–AP09) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–5348. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Veterans Health Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Corrections—VA Vocational Re-habilitation and Employment Nomenclature Change for Position Title’’ (RIN2900–AP65) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2016; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. EC–5349. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–5350. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Lewis-Clark Valley Viticultural Area and Realignment of the Columbia Val-ley Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC14) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5351. A communication from the Chair-man of the Office of Proceedings, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Accounting and Re-porting of Business Combinations, Security Investments, Comprehensive Income, Deriva-tive Instruments and Hedging Activities’’ (RIN2140–AB18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5352. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2016 Gulf of Alaska Pollock Seasonal Apportion-ments’’ (RIN0648–XE528) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5353. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Aleutian Is-lands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648– XE532) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5354. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE499) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5355. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Trip Limit Adjustment for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE569) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5356. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE539) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5357. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Com-mercial Aggregated Large Coastal Shark and Hammerhead Shark Management Group Re-tention Limit Adjustment’’ (RIN0648–XE531) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5358. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE556) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–161. A concurrent resolution adopted by the House of Delegates of the State of West Virginia urging the United States Con-gress to provide funding for the West Vir-ginia National Guard to sustain and enhance its capabilities in its role in a regional catas-trophe and to modernize the antiquated avi-onics of its fleet of C130s and other aircraft to meet global airspace requirements for 2020; to the Committee on Armed Services. HOUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 20 Whereas, In the event of a regional catas-trophe, West Virginia’s east-west highways, including I–68 and I–64 are links to the major exit corridors from the FEMA National Cap-ital Region (NCR) westward and, assuming that a regional catastrophe will likely in-clude Baltimore to the north of the NCR and Richmond to the south of the NCR, westward evacuation utilizing these highways is high-ly likely and is, in fact anticipated; and Whereas, The routes through West Virginia will traverse rural areas that do not have in-frastructure adequate for what could be a mass of evacuees in the worst-case scenario; experience in regional emergencies, such as Superstorm Sandy in 2012, illustrates some shortcomings in planning that is less focused on regions and more on states; and Whereas, West Virginia is perfectly (and geographically) postured to support any emergency or disaster response to the NCR, including mass evacuation westward; and Whereas, FEMA regions do not necessarily represent grouping of states likely to be in-volved in some scenarios; FEMA region III contains the NCR and West Virginia as its western-most edge and in a major catas-trophe, Regions V, with Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, VII with Missouri, and IV with Ken-tucky, Tennessee, and North Carolina are likely to be involved in some combinations; and Whereas, The National Guard, through the use of Emergency Management Assistance Compacts, can operate across state lines to provide vital response capability in security, transportation, medical, housing, commu-nications, command and control, and others based on its dual role in military prepared-ness and state civil support; and Whereas, Military Force Structure as-signed to the National Guard must be consid-ered by Federal Military planners for the dual use they can encounter; National Guard Organizations require personnel, equipment, organization, training, leadership and fund-ing to maintain federal military standards and to be prepared to respond to a domestic emergency or disaster; and Whereas, Regional catastrophic planning is dependent on National Guard assets, capa-bilities and responsiveness; consequently, it is also critical that federal military planners assess the impact of their force structure changes on regional capability needs as well as those that are state specific; and Whereas, The C–130 H3 ‘‘Hercules’’ aircraft assigned to the 130th Airlift Wing of the West Virginia National Guard at Yeager Air-port in Charleston, West Virginia will even-tually become obsolete without system mod-ernization to the communication, naviga-tion, and surveillance (CNS) components; National Air Traffic Control (ATC) agencies and the International Civil Aviation Organi-zation (ICAO) are moddernizing airspace faster than the U.S. Air Force is updating C– 130 avionics capabilities; and Whereas, Aircraft component acquisition becomes increasingly difficult as fewer C–130 H aircraft remain in the Air Force inventory and the unique components of the C–130, in-cluding its self contained navigational sys-tem (SCNS), face short term supply chain shortages that could be remedied with air-craft avionics modernization; and Whereas, The contract to perform mainte-nance on aircraft flight computers is re-newed annually and this perpetual reliance on short term contracts increases sustainment cost and challenges mission ef-fectiveness and operational planning; and Whereas, Reliance on short term contracts and antiquated avionics will increase Air Force expense in the long run as it trans-lates to more expensive mission-essential 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.008 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2625 May 9, 2016 
contracts and increased fuel expenditures due to inefficient routing: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of West Virginia ; That the Legislature hereby urges the United States Congress to provide funding for the West Virginia National Guard to sus-tain and enhance its capabilities in its role in a regional catastrophe and to modernize the antiquated avionics of its fleet of C–130s and other aircraft to meet global airspace re-quirements for 2020; and be it further Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Delegates is hereby directed to forward a copy of this resolution to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives and to the members of West Vir-ginia congressional delegation. 
POM–162. A concurrent resolution adopted by the House of Delegates of the State of West Virginia urging the United States Envi-ronmental Protection Agency not to prohibit conversion of vehicles to race cars; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 68 Whereas, The United States Environ-mental Protection Agency has proposed a regulation to prohibit conversion of vehicles originally designed for on-road use into racecars; and Whereas, The regulation would also make the sale of certain products for use on such vehicles illegal. The proposed regulation was contained within a nonrelated proposed regu-lation entitled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles— Phase 2’’; and Whereas, The regulation would impact all vehicle types, including the sports cars, se-dans and hatch-backs commonly converted strictly for use at the track. While the Clean Air Act prohibits certain modifications to motor vehicles, it is clear that vehicles built or modified for racing, and not used on the streets, are not the ‘‘motor vehicles’’ that Congress intended to regulate; and Whereas, ‘‘This proposed regulation rep-resents overreaching by the agency, runs contrary to the law and defies decades of rac-ing activity where EPA has acknowledged and allowed conversion of vehicles,’’ said Specialty Equipment Market Association (SEMA) President and CEO Chris Kersting. ‘‘Congress did not intend the original Clean Air Act to extend to vehicles modified for racing and has reenforced that intent on more than one occasion’’; and Whereas, SEMA submitted comments in opposition to the regulation and met with the United States Environmental Protection Agency to confirm the agency’s intentions. The United States Environmental Protection Agency indicated that the regulation would prohibit conversion of vehicles into racecars and make the sale of certain emissions-re-lated parts for use on converted vehicles ille-gal. This would certainly be detrimental to the economy: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of West Virginia ; That the State of West Virginia hereby re-spectfully urges the Environmental Protec-tion Agency not to prohibit conversion of ve-hicles to race cars; and be it further Resolved, That the State of West Virginia respectfully urges the Environmental Pro-tection Agency not to issue its final regula-tions until the legislatures of the states have submitted comments; and be it further Resolved, That the State of West Virginia forward official copies of the resolution to the President of the United States, to the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United States Congress and West Virginia’s rep-resentatives in Congress. POM–163. A resolution adopted by the Leg-islature of the State of Nebraska relative to their ratification of the Twenty-Seventh Amendment to the United States Constitu-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. L
EGISLATIVE RESOLUTION 381 Whereas, The first Congress of the United States, at its first session, held in New York, New York, on the twenty-fifth day of Sep-tember, in the year one thousand seven hun-dred and eighty-nine, passed the following resolution to amend the Constitution of the United States of America, in the following words and figures in part, to wit: The Conventions of a number of the States having at the time of their adopting the Con-stitution, expressed a desire, in order to pre-vent misconstruction or abuse of its powers, that further declaratory and restrictive clauses should be added: And as extending the ground of public confidence in the Gov-ernment will best ensure the beneficent ends of its institution; Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, two thirds of both Houses concurring, That the following Articles be proposed to the Legislatures of the several States, as Amendments to the Constitution of the United States, all or any of which Ar-ticles, when ratified by three fourths of the said Legislatures, to be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of the said Constitu-tion, viz.: No law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Rep-resentatives shall have intervened: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Members of the One Hundred Fourth Legislature of Nebraska, Second Session: 1. That such proposed amendment to the Constitution of the United States be ratified. 2. That the Clerk of the Legislature send copies of this resolution to the Adminis-trator of the General Services Administra-tion, the President of the United States Sen-ate, and the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. 
POM–164. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to an amendment to the United States Constitution; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1331. A bill to help enhance commerce through improved seasonal forecasts, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–248). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 1073. A bill to amend the Improper Pay-ments Elimination and Recovery Improve-ment Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of im-proper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–249). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1846. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to secure critical infra-structure against electromagnetic threats, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–250). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 1915. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vac-cines and antimicrobials available to emer-gency response providers, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–251). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 2494. A bill to support global anti- poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SCHUMER: S. 2900. A bill to require the Secretary of State to offer rewards for information found on social media that lead to the arrest or conviction of an individual involved in the planning of an act of terrorism in the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 2901. A bill to enhance defense and secu-rity cooperation with India, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. D AINES ): S. 2902. A bill to provide for long-term water supplies, optimal use of existing water supply infrastructure, and protection of ex-isting water rights; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. REID: S. 2903. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: S. 2904. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for disability insur-ance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. K
ING): S. 2905. A bill to require the President to develop a policy for determining when an ac-tion carried out in cyberspace constitutes an act of war against the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 2906. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to require congressional approval of de-terminations to revoke the designation of the People’s Republic of China as a non-market economy country for purposes of that Act; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. REID: S. 2907. A bill to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to strike the termi-nation date for funding for pilot projects to increase Colorado River System water in Lake Mead, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.016 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2626 May 9, 2016 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. R
EID): S. Res. 456. A resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the founding of the American Federation of Teachers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. D AINES , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 457. A resolution relative to the death of Conrad Ray Burns, former United States Senator for the State of Montana; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P
AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. SCHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 458. A resolution relative to the death of Robert F. Bennett, former Senator of the State of Utah; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. Res. 459. A resolution recognizing the importance of cancer research and the vital contributions of scientists, clinicians, cancer survivors, and other patient advocates across the United States who are dedicated to find-ing a cure for cancer, and designating May 2016, as ‘‘National Cancer Research Month’’ ; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 39 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 39, a bill to provide that Members of Con-gress may not receive pay after Octo-ber 1 of any fiscal year in which Con-gress has not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget and passed the regular appropriations bills. 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) were added as cosponsors of S. 71, a bill to preserve open competi-tion and Federal Government neu-trality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construc-tion projects. 
S. 174 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 174, a bill to end off-shore tax abuses, to preserve our na-tional defense and protect American families and businesses from dev-astating cuts, and for other purposes. 
S. 282 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 282, a bill to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes. 
S. 632 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 632, a bill to strengthen the position of the United States as the world’s leading innovator by amending title 35, United States Code, to protect the property rights of the inventors that grow the country’s economy. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 689, a bill to provide pro-tections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain med-ical services in a secondary State. S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1049 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1049, a bill to allow the financ-ing by United States persons of sales of agricultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1086, a bill to establish an insurance policy advisory committee on inter-national capital standards, and for other purposes. 
S. 1302 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1302, a bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to pro-vide leave because of the death of a son or daughter. 
S. 1352 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1352, a bill to increase Federal Pell Grants for the children of fallen public safety officers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1390 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1390, a bill to help provide relief to State education budgets during a re-covering economy, to help fulfill the Federal mandate to provide higher edu-cational opportunities for Native American Indians, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1500 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1500, a bill to clarify Congres-sional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navi-gable waters, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from New Jersey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.018 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2627 May 9, 2016 
(Mr. M ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1567 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1567, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a re-view of the characterization or terms of discharge from the Armed Forces of individuals with mental health dis-orders alleged to affect terms of dis-charge. 
S. 1651 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1651, a bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to repeal the Govern-ment pension offset and windfall elimi-nation provisions. 
S. 1679 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1679, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1685 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1685, a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to ex-tend to private land use restrictions its rule relating to reasonable accommo-dation of amateur service communica-tions. 
S. 1709 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1709, a bill to reduce risks to the financial system by limiting banks’ ability to engage in certain risky activities and limiting conflicts of interest, to reinstate certain Glass- Steagall Act protections that were re-pealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1715 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1715, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 400th anniver-sary of the arrival of the Pilgrims. 
S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1883, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 2021 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2021, a bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contrac-tors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal his-tory record information before the ap-plicant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2067, a bill to establish EURE-KA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2100 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2100, a bill to prohibit the sale or distribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 21. 
S. 2348 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2348, a bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or de-tention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2386 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Sen-ator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2386, a bill to authorize the establishment of the Stonewall National Historic Site in the State of New York as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2540, a bill to provide ac-cess to counsel for unaccompanied chil-dren and other vulnerable populations. 
S. 2598 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2598, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 2671 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2671, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish rules for payment for graduate medical edu-cation (GME) costs for hospitals that establish a new medical residency training program after hosting resident rotators for short durations. S. 2730 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2730, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 23rd Headquarters Special Troops, known as the ‘‘Ghost Army’’, collectively, in rec-ognition of its unique and incredible service during World War II. 
S. 2752 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2752, a bill to prohibit the facilitation of certain financial trans-actions involving the Government of Iran or Iranian persons and to impose sanctions with respect to the facilita-tion of those transactions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2756 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2756, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iranian per-sons responsible for knowingly engag-ing in significant activities under-mining cybersecurity, and for other purposes. 
S. 2772 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2772, a bill to eliminate the requirement that veterans pay a copayment to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to receive opioid antago-nists or education on the use of opioid antagonists. 
S. 2791 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2791, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as ra-diation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connec-tion of certain disabilities by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 2841 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2841, a bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit oil-, gas-, and methane hy-drate-related seismic activities in the North Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and Straits of Florida plan-ning areas of the outer Continental Shelf, and for other purposes. 
S. 2843 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2843, a bill to provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.012 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2628 May 9, 2016 
emergency supplemental appropria-tions to address the Zika crisis. 
S. 2849 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from Ari-zona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2849, a bill to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information. 
S. 2862 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2862, a bill to amend sec-tion 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers au-thority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation of-ficer in the performance of official du-ties. 
S. 2866 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2866, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the sharing of health information concerning an individual’s substance abuse treatment by certain entities. 
S. 2877 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2877, a bill to amend title 32, United States Code, to specify the availability of certain funds provided by the Department of Defense to States for drug interdiction and counter-drug activities. 
S. 2880 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2880, a bill to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conver-sion therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 2882 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2882, a bill to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2895, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. RES. 373 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 373, a resolution recognizing the historical significance of Executive Order 9066 and expressing the sense of the Senate that policies that discriminate against any individual based on the actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national ori-gin, or religion of that individual would be a repetition of the mistakes of Executive Order 9066 and contrary to the values of the United States. S. RES. 381 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 381, a resolution honoring the memory and legacy of Michael James Riddering and condemning the ter-rorist attacks in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso on January 15, 2016. 
S. RES. 418 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 418, a resolution recognizing Hafsat Abiola, Khanim Latif, Yoani Sanchez, and Akanksha Hazari for their selflessness and dedication to their respective causes, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 442 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 442, a resolution condemning the terrorist attacks in Brussels and hon-oring the memory of the United States citizens murdered in those attacks, and offering thoughts and prayers for all the victims, condolences to their fami-lies, resolve to support the Belgian peo-ple, and the pledge to defend democ-racy and stand in solidarity with the country of Belgium and all our allies in the face of continuing terrorist attacks on freedom and liberty. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REID: S. 2903. A bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2903 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Max Cleland Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Joseph Maxwell ‘‘Max’’ Cleland has demonstrated the highest degree of profes-sionalism and has served as an inspiration to friends, family, veterans, and many others while dedicating his life to the public service of the United States. (2) Max Cleland began his career in public service when he joined the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps as a young college student, went on active duty in the United States Army (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Army’’) in 1965 as a Second Lieutenant, and volunteered for service in Vietnam, rising to the rank of Captain. (3) The Army recognized Max Cleland with a Silver Star for his gallantry in action dur-ing the Battle of Khe Sanh in April of 1968. According to the letter of commendation from the Army, ‘‘The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Con-gress, July 8, 1918 (amended by act of July 25, 1963), takes pleasure in presenting the Silver Star to Captain (Signal Corps) Joseph Max-well Cleland, United States Army, for gal-lantry in action while engaged in military operations involving conflict with an armed hostile force in the Republic of Vietnam.’’. (4) Max Cleland, a Battalion Signal Officer dispatched to set up a radio relay antenna, was severely wounded on the battlefield and, as a result, lost both of his legs and his right arm. Cleland would endure 18 months of ex-tremely difficult rehabilitation and recovery at Walter Reed Army Medical Center and hospitals of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs (in this section referred to as ‘‘VA hos-pitals’’) in Washington, DC. In 1969, Cleland testified before the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate on the hardships faced by veterans returning home from war. (5) Upon returning to Georgia, Max Cleland was determined to continue his public serv-ice and, in 1970, at the age of 28, was elected as the youngest Georgia State senator and helped pass legislation to make public facili-ties accessible for veterans, older people, and individuals with disabilities. (6) Max Cleland later came to Washington, DC and joined the Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs as a professional staff member, investigating VA hospitals across the coun-try and the treatment of service members re-turning from Vietnam. (7) In 1977, President Jimmy Carter named Max Cleland, then just 34 years old, the youngest ever individual, and first Vietnam veteran, to serve as Administrator of the Veterans Administration. As Administrator, Cleland helped create the ‘‘Vet Center’’ counseling program, which later expanded to 300 facilities nationwide helping veterans and their families receive psychological care for post-traumatic stress disorders and other problems associated with warfare. (8) Following his term as Administrator of the Veterans Administration, Max Cleland returned to elective office in 1982 when he was elected as Secretary of State of the State of Georgia. As Secretary of State, Cleland implemented the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.) in Georgia and added almost 1,000,000 new voters to the rolls. (9) Max Cleland was elected to the United States Senate in 1996 and would go on to chair the Subcommittee on Personnel of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. In the Senate, Cleland was known for his work in expanding benefits for service mem-bers and in improving veterans’ health care, education, and the environment. (10) After his service in the Senate, Max Cleland continued his distinguished career in public service by becoming a commissioner on the National Commission on Terrorist At-tacks Upon the United States (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘9/11 Commission’’) and later as a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States. (11) In 2009, President Barack Obama named Max Cleland Secretary of the Amer-ican Battle Monuments Commission. As Sec-retary of the Commission, Cleland is charged with commemorating both the permanent cemeteries of the United States located in foreign countries and the military memo-rials, monuments, and markers dem-onstrating where members of the United States Armed Forces have served overseas since World War I. (12) In 2010, President Obama again called on Max Cleland to serve his country and Cleland again accepted. This time, Cleland agreed to serve as co-chair, and eventually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.014 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2629 May 9, 2016 
the inaugural chair, of the Advisory Com-mittee on Arlington National Cemetery, which was established to help fix the prob-lems facing the final resting place for many of the heroes of the United States. After his tenure as chair, Cleland was awarded the Decoration for Distinguished Civilian Serv-ice of the Army, the highest honorary award that the Secretary of the Army can confer on a civilian. (13) After overcoming some of the most dif-ficult challenges imaginable, Max Cleland has spent almost five decades of his life in service to the United States and the country is forever indebted to his service. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of Congress, of a gold medal of appro-priate design to Joseph Maxwell ‘‘Max’’ Cleland. (b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the pur-poses of the award described in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. (c) D
UPLICATE MEDALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under this Act at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. (2) S
ALE OF DUPLICATE MEDALS .—The amounts received from the sale of duplicate medals under paragraph (1) shall be depos-ited in the United States Mint Public Enter-prise Fund. 
SEC. 4. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
Medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. 
By Mr. REID: S. 2907. A bill to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to strike the termination date for funding for pilot projects to increase Colorado River System water in Lake Mead, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2907 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PILOT PROJECTS TO INCREASE COL-ORADO RIVER SYSTEM WATER IN LAKE MEAD. 
Section 206 of the Energy and Water Devel-opment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113– 235) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; (B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘Funds in the’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .—Funds in the’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. f SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 456—RECOG-NIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF TEACHERS Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. R
EID) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 456 Whereas May 9, 2016, is the 100th anniver-sary of the founding of the American Federa-tion of Teachers (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘AFT’’); Whereas the AFT was founded in Chicago on May 9, 1916, when 8 local unions formed the AFT and were granted a charter signed by the AFL President, Samuel Gompers; Whereas those 8 local unions were— (1) the Chicago Teachers Federation; (2) the Chicago Federation of Men Teach-ers; (3) the Chicago Federation of Women High School Teachers; (4) the Gary, Indiana, Teachers Federation; (5) the Teachers Union of New York; (6) the Oklahoma Teachers Federation; (7) the Scranton, Pennsylvania, Teachers Association; and (8) the High School Teachers Union of Washington, D.C.; Whereas, during the first century of the AFT, the AFT has grown mightily into a di-verse union of professionals that champions principles of fairness, democracy, economic opportunity, and high-quality public edu-cation, healthcare, and public services for students, the families of the students, and communities; Whereas the AFT advances those principles through community engagement, organizing, collective bargaining, political activism, and the daily work of members of the AFT in the communities the members serve; and Whereas members of the AFT and affiliates of the AFT have played a crucial role in major milestones such as the civil rights movement, education reform, women’s rights, and the evolution of the middle class: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates May 9, 2016, as the 100th anniversary of the founding of the American Federation of Teachers; and (2) expresses hope that the American Fed-eration of Teachers will honor its proud past by meeting the challenges of the future with the same level of commitment to the goals, ideals, and principles it championed during the first century of the American Federation of Teachers. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 457—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF CON-RAD RAY BURNS, FORMER UNITED STATES SENATOR FOR THE STATE OF MONTANA Mr. McCONNELL (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. D AINES , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. BOOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 457 Whereas Conrad Ray Burns was born in Gallatin, Missouri in 1935, and married Phyl-lis Jean Kuhlmann in 1967; Whereas Conrad Ray Burns served in the United States Marine Corps from 1955 to 1957, serving in Japan and Korea; Whereas Conrad Ray Burns served as Yel-lowstone County Commissioner from 1986 to 1988; Whereas Conrad Ray Burns was first elect-ed to the United States Senate in 1988 and served three terms as a Senator from the State of Montana with honor and distinc-tion; Whereas Conrad Ray Burns was the long-est-serving Republican Senator from the State of Montana: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the an-nouncement of the death of the Conrad Ray Burns, former member of the United States Senate; Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate communicate these resolutions to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the deceased. Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns today, it stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Conrad Ray Burns. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 458—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF ROB-ERT F. BENNETT, FORMER SEN-ATOR OF THE STATE OF UTAH Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.020 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2630 May 9, 2016 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 458 Whereas Robert F. Bennett was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, in 1933 and attended the University of Utah, at which he was elected student body president; Whereas, from 1953 to 1955, Robert F. Ben-nett served as a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the British Isles Mission; Whereas, from 1957 to 1960, Robert F. Ben-nett served in the Utah Army National Guard, spending 6 months on active duty and 2 years as a chaplain; Whereas, from 1969 to 1971, Robert F. Ben-nett worked as chief congressional liaison at the Department of Transportation and was given a Department of Transportation Out-standing Achievement Award; Whereas, from 1984 to 1991, Robert F. Ben-nett was the first chief executive officer of the Franklin International Institute and in that role, in 1989, Robert F. Bennett was named by Inc. Magazine as the Entrepreneur of the Year for the Rocky Mountain Region; Whereas Robert F. Bennett was first elect-ed to the Senate in 1992 and served 3 terms as a Senator of the State of Utah with honor and distinction; and Whereas Robert F. Bennett served— (1) on the Committees on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs, Energy and Natural Resources, Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, Small Business and Entre-preneurship, Appropriations, Environment and Public Works, and Rules and Adminis-tration of the Senate; (2) as Chairman of the Joint Economic Committee; and (3) as the Republican Chief Deputy Whip: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the an-nouncement of the death of Robert F. Ben-nett, former member of the Senate. Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate communicate these resolutions to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the deceased. Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns today, it stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Robert F. Bennett. SENATE RESOLUTION 459—RECOG-NIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF CANCER RESEARCH AND THE VITAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF SCI-ENTISTS, CLINICIANS, CANCER SURVIVORS, AND OTHER PA-TIENT ADVOCATES ACROSS THE UNITED STATES WHO ARE DEDI-CATED TO FINDING A CURE FOR CANCER, AND DESIGNATING MAY 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL CANCER RE-SEARCH MONTH’’ Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 459 Whereas, in 2016, cancer remains one of the most pressing public health concerns in the United States; Whereas, in 2016, more than 1,600,000 indi-viduals in the United States are expected to be diagnosed with cancer and more than 595,000 individuals in the United States are expected to die from the disease; Whereas 1 in 2 men in the United States will be diagnosed with cancer during his life-time, and 1 in 3 women in the United States will diagnosed with cancer during her life-time; Whereas approximately 77 percent of indi-viduals diagnosed with cancer are over 55 years of age; Whereas cancer accounts for approxi-mately 1 in every 4 deaths, is the second most common cause of disease-related death in the United States, and is projected to be-come the number 1 disease-related killer of individuals in the United States; Whereas the incidence of cancer is ex-pected to grow significantly, reaching 2,300,000 cases per year by 2030; Whereas racial and ethnic minorities, as well as low-income, rural, and elderly popu-lations, continue to suffer disproportionately in cancer incidence, prevalence, and mor-tality; Whereas the term ‘‘cancer’’ refers to more than 200 diseases that collectively rep-resent— (1) the leading cause of death for individ-uals in the United States under 85 years of age; (2) the second leading cause of death for all individuals in the United States; and (3) the leading cause of disease-related death among children in the United States; Whereas the most recent estimates by the National Institutes of Health indicated that the overall economic costs of cancer to the United States were $216,600,000,000 and the economic burden of cancer is expected to rise as the number of cancer deaths increases; Whereas the investment in cancer research by the United States has yielded substantial advances in cancer research and has saved and improved millions of lives; Whereas scholars estimate that every 1 percent decline in cancer mortality saves the economy of the United States $500,000,000,000; Whereas advancements in understanding the causes, mechanisms, diagnoses, treat-ments, and prevention of cancer have led to cures for many types of cancers and have converted other types of cancers into man-ageable chronic conditions; Whereas, in 2011, the 5-year survival rate for all types of cancer was greater than 65 percent and, in 2015, more than 14,500,000 can-cer survivors lived in the United States; Whereas therapies and effective screening tools for some types of cancer remain elusive and some cancers, including pancreatic, liver, lung, ovarian, and brain cancers, con-tinue to have extraordinarily high mortality rates and 5-year survival rates that are typi-cally less than 50 percent; Whereas partnerships among research sci-entists, the general public, cancer survivors, patient advocates, philanthropic organiza-tions, industry, the Federal Government, and State and local governments have led to advanced breakthroughs, early detection tools that have increased survival rates, and a better quality of life for cancer survivors; Whereas precision medicine holds great promise in treating many forms of cancer; Whereas almost all of what is known about cancer diagnosis, treatment, and prevention comes from the 3 to 5 percent of patients who enroll in clinical trials, but these trials enroll relatively homogeneous patient popu-lations, leaving a lack of evidence to guide treatments for a large proportion of the other 95 to 97 percent of patients who do not participate in or do not qualify for studies; Whereas the explosion of new science, treatments, and diagnostic tests make broad reaching data initiatives and breaking down organizational barriers to share information more important than ever so it can be deter-mined how best to apply breakthrough treat-ments to the diverse population of the United States; and Whereas advances in cancer research have had significant implications for the treat-ment of other costly diseases, such as diabe-tes, heart disease, Alzheimer’s disease, HIV/ AIDS, and macular degeneration: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the importance of cancer re-search and the invaluable contributions of researchers in the United States and around the world who are dedicated to reversing the cancer epidemic; (2) designates May 2016, as ‘‘National Can-cer Research Month’’; and (3) supports efforts to— (A) establish cancer research as a national and international priority; and (B) eliminate the more than 200 diseases that collectively represent cancer. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3887. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. S
ASSE, and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3888. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. S
ASSE, and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3889. Mr. ENZI (for Ms. H
EITKAMP ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 546, to es-tablish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to pro-vide recommendations on emergency re-sponder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving rail-roads, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3887. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. S
ASSE, and Mr. R OBERTS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.022 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2631 May 9, 2016 
proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act that would be provided to the Bureau of Reclamation for reservoir projects, operations, administration of water rights, or other action in the Republican River Basin may be used in a manner that does not comply with each applicable— (1) current resolution of the Republican River Compact Administration, dated No-vember 24, 2015, for accounting and reservoir operations for 2016 and 2017; and (2) State order necessary to carry out that resolution. 
SA 3888. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. S
ASSE, and Mr. R OBERTS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 pro-posed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act that would be provided to the Bureau of Reclamation for reservoir projects, operations, administration of water rights, or other action in the Republican River Basin may be used in a manner that does not comply with each applicable— (1) current resolution of the Republican River Compact Administration, dated No-vember 24, 2015, for accounting and reservoir operations for 2016 and 2017; and (2) State order necessary to carry out that resolution. 
SA 3889. Mr. ENZI (for Ms. H EITKAMP ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 546, to establish the Railroad Emer-gency Services Preparedness, Oper-ational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’s National Advisory Council to pro-vide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relat-ing to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘RESPONSE Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. RAILROAD EMERGENCY SERVICES PRE-PAREDNESS, OPERATIONAL NEEDS, AND SAFETY EVALUATION SUB-COMMITTEE. 
Section 508 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 318) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) RESPONSE S
UBCOMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the RESPONSE Act of 2016, the Administrator shall establish, as a subcommittee of the Na-tional Advisory Council, the Railroad Emer-gency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation Subcommittee (referred to in this subsection as the ‘RE-SPONSE Subcommittee’). ‘‘(2) MEMBERSHIP .—Notwithstanding sub-section (c), the RESPONSE Subcommittee shall be composed of the following: ‘‘(A) The Deputy Administrator, Protec-tion and National Preparedness of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, or des-ignee. ‘‘(B) The Associate Administrator for Haz-ardous Materials Safety of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or designee. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Office of Emer-gency Communications of the Department of Homeland Security, or designee. ‘‘(D) The Director for the Office of Rail-road, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials In-vestigations of the National Transportation Safety Board, or designee, only in an advi-sory capacity. ‘‘(E) The Chief Safety Officer and Asso-ciate Administrator for Railroad Safety of the Federal Railroad Administration, or des-ignee. ‘‘(F) The Assistant Administrator for Secu-rity Policy and Industry Engagement of the Transportation Security Administration, or designee. ‘‘(G) The Assistant Commandant for Re-sponse Policy of the Coast Guard, or des-ignee. ‘‘(H) The Assistant Administrator for the Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Re-sponse of the Environmental Protection Agency, or designee. ‘‘(I) The Chief Safety Officer and Assistant Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, or designee. ‘‘(J) Such other qualified individuals as the co-chairpersons shall jointly appoint as soon as practicable after the date of the enact-ment of the RESPONSE Act of 2016 from among the following: ‘‘(i) Members of the National Advisory Council that have the requisite technical knowledge and expertise to address rail emergency response issues, including mem-bers from the following disciplines: ‘‘(I) Emergency management and emer-gency response providers, including fire serv-ice, law enforcement, hazardous materials response, and emergency medical services. ‘‘(II) State, local, and tribal government officials, including Adjutants General. ‘‘(ii) Individuals who have the requisite technical knowledge and expertise to serve on the RESPONSE Subcommittee, including at least 1 representative from each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) The rail industry. ‘‘(II) The oil industry. ‘‘(III) The communications industry. ‘‘(IV) Emergency response providers, in-cluding individuals nominated by national organizations representing local govern-ments and personnel. ‘‘(V) Emergency response training pro-viders. ‘‘(VI) Representatives from national Indian organizations. ‘‘(VII) Technical experts. ‘‘(VIII) Vendors, developers, and manufac-turers of systems, facilities, equipment, and capabilities for emergency first responder services. ‘‘(iii) Representatives of such other stake-holders and interested and affected parties as the co-chairpersons consider appropriate. ‘‘(3) C
O-CHAIRPERSONS .—The members de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (2) shall serve as the co-chairpersons of the RESPONSE Subcommittee. ‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(A) INITIAL MEETING .—The initial meeting of the RESPONSE Subcommittee shall take place not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the RESPONSE Act of 2016. ‘‘(B) O
THER MEETINGS .—After the initial meeting, the RESPONSE Subcommittee shall meet at least twice annually, with at least 1 meeting conducted in person during the first year, at the call of the co-chair-persons. ‘‘(5) C
ONSULTATION WITH NONMEMBERS .—The RESPONSE Subcommittee and the program offices for emergency first responder train-ing and resources shall consult with other relevant agencies and groups, including enti-ties engaged in federally funded research and academic institutions engaged in relevant work and research, which are not rep-resented on the RESPONSE Subcommittee to consider new and developing technologies and methods that may be beneficial to pre-paredness and response to rail hazardous ma-terials incidents. ‘‘(6) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The RESPONSE Subcommittee shall develop recommenda-tions, as appropriate, for improving emer-gency first responder training and resource allocation for hazardous materials incidents involving railroads after evaluating the fol-lowing topics: ‘‘(A) The quality and application of train-ing for local emergency first responders re-lated to rail hazardous materials incidents, with a particular focus on local emergency first responders and small communities near railroads, including the following: ‘‘(i) Ease of access to relevant training for local emergency first responders, including an analysis of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals being trained; ‘‘(II) the number of individuals who are ap-plying; ‘‘(III) whether current demand is being met; ‘‘(IV) current challenges; and ‘‘(V) projected needs. ‘‘(ii) Modernization of training course con-tent related to rail hazardous materials inci-dents, with a particular focus on fluctua-tions in oil shipments by rail. ‘‘(iii) Avoiding overlap of training content across agencies and the private sector to pro-vide complementary opportunities for rail hazardous materials incidents courses and materials, including the following: ‘‘(I) Promoting integrated course content through public-private partnerships. ‘‘(II) Regular and ongoing evaluation of course opportunities, adaptation to emerging trends, agency and private sector outreach, effectiveness and ease of access for local emergency first responders. ‘‘(iv) Online training platforms, train-the- trainer and mobile training options. ‘‘(B) The effectiveness of funding levels re-lated to training local emergency first re-sponders for rail hazardous materials inci-dents, with a particular focus on local emer-gency first responders and small commu-nities near railroads, including the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Minimizing overlap in resource alloca-tion among agencies. ‘‘(ii) Minimizing overlap in resource alloca-tion among agencies and private sector. ‘‘(iii) Maximizing public-private partner-ships where funding gaps exists for specific training or cost-saving measures can be im-plemented to increase training opportuni-ties. ‘‘(iv) Adaptation of priority settings for agency funding allocations in response to emerging trends. ‘‘(v) Historic levels of funding across Fed-eral agencies for rail hazardous materials in-cident response and training, including fund-ing provided by the private sector to public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.027 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2632 May 9, 2016 
entities or in conjunction with Federal pro-grams. ‘‘(vi) Current funding resources across agencies. ‘‘(C) The strategy for integrating com-modity flow studies, mapping, rail and haz-ardous materials databases and other rel-evant data for local emergency first respond-ers and increasing the rate of access to the individual responder in existing or emerging communications technology. ‘‘(7) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the RE-SPONSE Act of 2016, the RESPONSE Sub-committee shall submit a report to the Na-tional Advisory Council that— ‘‘(i) includes the recommendations devel-oped under paragraph (6); ‘‘(ii) specifies the timeframes for imple-menting any such recommendations that do not require congressional action; and ‘‘(iii) identifies any such recommendations that do require congressional action. ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after receiving the report under subparagraph (A), the National Advisory Council shall begin a review of the report. The National Advisory Council may ask for additional clarification, changes, or other information from the RE-SPONSE Subcommittee to assist in the ap-proval of the recommendations. ‘‘(C) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Once the National Advisory Council approves the recommenda-tions of the RESPONSE Subcommittee, the National Advisory Council shall submit the report to— ‘‘(i) the co-chairpersons of the RESPONSE Subcommittee; ‘‘(ii) the head of each other agency rep-resented on the RESPONSE Subcommittee; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(iv) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; ‘‘(v) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(vi) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(8) INTERIM ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(A) U
PDATES AND OVERSIGHT .—After the submission of the report by the National Ad-visory Council under paragraph (7), the Ad-ministrator shall— ‘‘(i) provide annual updates to the congres-sional committees referred to in paragraph (7)(C) regarding the status of the implemen-tation of the recommendations developed under paragraph (6); and ‘‘(ii) coordinate the implementation of the recommendations described in paragraph (6)(G)(i), as appropriate. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .—After submit-ting the report required under paragraph (7), the RESPONSE Subcommittee shall submit additional reports and recommendations in the same manner and to the same entities identified in paragraph (7) if needed or re-quested from Congress. ‘‘(9) TERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the RESPONSE Sub-committee shall terminate not later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of the RESPONSE Act of 2016. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Administrator may extend the duration of the RESPONSE Sub-committee for 1 additional year if the Ad-ministrator determines that an additional report and recommendations are needed from the RESPONSE Subcommittee after the termination date set forth in subpara-graph (A).’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Airland of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 9, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following reports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized for-eign travel: CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equiva-lent or U.S. currency 
Katherine Kaufer: Qatar ............................................................................................... Dollar ..................... ............................... .................... 340.65 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 340.65 Bahrain ........................................................................................... Dinar ........................ ............................. .................... 1,094.17 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,094.17 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... 1,629.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,629.00 Romania ......................................................................................... Dollar ......................... ........................... .................... 390.50 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 390.50 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,633.99 .................... ........... ......... .................... 13,633.99 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 161.86 .................... .............. ...... .................... 161.86 David Gillies: Qatar ............................................................................................... Dollar ..................... ............................... .................... 340.65 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 340.65 Bahrain ........................................................................................... Dinar ........................ ............................. .................... 1,094.17 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,094.17 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... 1,629.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,629.00 Romania ......................................................................................... Dollar ......................... ........................... .................... 390.50 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 390.50 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,633.99 .................... ........... ......... .................... 13,633.99 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 161.86 .................... .............. ...... .................... 161.86 Brian Potts: Jordan ............................................................................................. Dinar ....................... .............................. .................... 710.82 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 710.82 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... 2,086.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,086.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,347.72 .................... ............ ........ .................... 9,347.72 Jacqueline Russell: Jordan ............................................................................................. Dinar ....................... .............................. .................... 710.82 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 710.82 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... 2,086.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,086.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,347.73 .................... ............ ........ .................... 9,347.73 Erik Raven: Jordan ............................................................................................. Dinar ....................... .............................. .................... 710.82 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 710.82 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... 2,086.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,086.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,347.73 .................... ............ ........ .................... 9,347.73 Senator Thad Cochran: Mozambique .................................................................................... Metical .......................... ........................ .................... 731.21 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 731.21 Zimbabwe ....................................................................................... Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... 940.00 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 940.00 Botswana ........................................................................................ Pula ........................... ........................... .................... 630.31 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 630.31 Namibia .......................................................................................... Dollar ........................ ............................ .................... 390.00 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 390.00 Kay Webber: Mozambique .................................................................................... Metical .......................... ........................ .................... 374.00 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 374.00 Zimbabwe ....................................................................................... Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... 434.00 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 434.00 Botswana ........................................................................................ Pula ........................... ........................... .................... 290.00 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 290.00 Namibia .......................................................................................... Dollar ........................ ............................ .................... 167.00 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 167.00 Linda Good: Mozambique .................................................................................... Metical .......................... ........................ .................... 683.89 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 683.89 Zimbabwe ....................................................................................... Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... 890.00 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 890.00 
Botswana ........................................................................................ Pula ........................... ........................... .................... 568.12 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 568.12 Namibia .......................................................................................... Dollar ........................ ............................ .................... 357.00 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 357.00 Jason Wheelock: Tunisia ............................................................................................ Dinar ....................... .............................. .................... 407.74 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 407.74 United Kingdom .............................................................................. Pound .............................. ..................... .................... 970.00 .................... .................... .................... ................... . .................... 970.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,229.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 3,229.96 Paul Grove: Algeria ............................................................................................. Dinar ...................... ............................... .................... 806.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 806.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.028 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2633 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equiva-lent or U.S. currency 
Tunisia ............................................................................................ Dinar ....................... .............................. .................... 600.99 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 600.99 United Kingdom .............................................................................. Pound .............................. ..................... .................... 970.00 .................... .................... .................... ................... . .................... 970.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,635.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 3,635.36 Alexander Carnes: Algeria ............................................................................................. Dinar ...................... ............................... .................... 806.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 806.00 Tunisia ............................................................................................ Dinar ....................... .............................. .................... 600.99 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 600.99 United Kingdom .............................................................................. Pound .............................. ..................... .................... 970.00 .................... .................... .................... ................... . .................... 970.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,634.06 .................... ............ ........ .................... 3,634.06 Virginia Boney: United Kingdom .............................................................................. Pound .............................. ..................... .................... 970.00 .................... .................... .................... ................... . .................... 970.00 Tim Rieser: Vietnam ........................................................................................... Dong ......................... ............................ .................... 1,210.97 .................... 245.85 .................... .................... ... ................. 1,456.82 South Korea .................................................................................... Won ............................. .......................... .................... 270.00 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 270.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,104.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 3,104.00 Carlisle Clarke: Dominican Republic ....................................................................... Peso .................................. .................... .................... 970.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 970.00 Haiti ................................................................................................ Gourde .................... .............................. .................... 111.00 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 111.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,090.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,090.96 Rachel Santos: Dominican Republic ....................................................................... Peso .................................. .................... .................... 970.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 970.00 Haiti ................................................................................................ Gourde .................... .............................. .................... 111.00 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 111.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,090.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,090.96 Dianne Nellor: Dominican Republic ....................................................................... Peso .................................. .................... .................... 970.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 970.00 Haiti ................................................................................................ Gourde .................... .............................. .................... 111.00 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 111.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,090.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,090.96 Jessica Schulken: Dominican Republic ....................................................................... Peso .................................. .................... .................... 970.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 970.00 Haiti ................................................................................................ Gourde .................... .............................. .................... 111.00 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 111.00 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,090.96 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,090.96 Senator Jeff Merkley: Ireland ............................................................................................. Euro ....................... ............................... .................... 114.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 114.00 Qatar ............................................................................................... Qatari Riyal ............... ........................... .................... 906.70 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 906.70 Saudi Arabia ................................................................................... Saudi Riyal ..................... ...................... .................... 1,122.00 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 1,122.00 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... 2,372.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,372.00 Adrian Snead: Saudi Arabia ................................................................................... Saudi Riyal ..................... ...................... .................... 1,018.66 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 1,018.66 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... 2,272.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,272.00 Qatar ............................................................................................... Qatari Riyal ............... ........................... .................... 856.70 .................... 568.53 .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,425.23 United States .................................................................................. Dollar .......................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,717.54 .................... ............
........ .................... 6,717.54 Senator Shelley Moore Capito: Japan .............................................................................................. Yen ......................... .............................. .................... 214.00 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 214.00 Thailand .......................................................................................... Baht ......................... ............................. .................... 468.21 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 468.21 Burma ............................................................................................. Kyat ......................... ............................. .................... 676.00 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 676.00 * Delegation Expenses: Qatar ............................................................................................... Dollar ..................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 142.37 .................... 142.37 Bahrain ........................................................................................... Dinar ........................ ............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 487.26 .................... 487.26 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 1,046.98 .................... 1,046.98 Romania ......................................................................................... Dollar ......................... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 277.35 .................... 277.35 Dominican Republic ....................................................................... Peso .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 653.00 .................... 653.00 Algeria ............................................................................................. Dinar ...................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 474.00 .................... 474.00 Tunisia ............................................................................................ Dinar ....................... .............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 198.94 .................... 198.94 United Kingdom .............................................................................. Pound .............................. ..................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 33.85 .................... 33.85 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 2,113.69 .................... 2,113.69 Vietnam ........................................................................................... Dong ......................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 338.57 .................... 338.57 Israel ............................................................................................... Shekel .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 5,578.66 .................... 5,578.66 Qatar ............................................................................................... Dollar ..................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 159.96 .................... 159.96 Saudia Arabia ................................................................................. Saudi Riyal ...................... ..................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 878.80  .................... 878.80 Dublin ............................................................................................. Dollar ...................... .............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 238.83 .................... 238.83 Japan .............................................................................................. Yen ......................... .............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 46.00 .................... 46.00 Thailand .......................................................................................... Bhat ......................... ............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 219.90 .................... 219.90 Burma ............................................................................................. Kyat ......................... ............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 692.00 .................... 692.00 
Total ........................................................................................... ............................... ................................ .................... 44,682.59 .................... 80,565.49 .................... 13,580.16 ..... ............... 138,828.24 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR THAD COCHRAN,Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, Apr. 27, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Tom Cotton: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 504.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 504.00 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 300.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 300.00 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 326.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 326.00 Brian Colas: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 287.52 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 287.52 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 255.93 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 255.93 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 277.75 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 277.75 * Delegation Expenses: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 276.00 .................... 276.00 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 242.46 .................... 242.46 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,490.66 .................... 1,490.66 Senator Jack Reed: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,624.16 .................... . ................... .................... 13,624.16 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 8.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8.00 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 15.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 15.00 Elizabeth King: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,724.16 .................... . ................... .................... 13,724.16 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 8.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8.00 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 15.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 15.00 Michael Kuiken: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,552.60 .................... . ................... .................... 13,552.60 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 8.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8.00 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 15.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 15.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2634 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Michael Noblet: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,740.16 .................... . ................... .................... 13,740.16 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 8.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8.00 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 15.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 15.00 * Delegation Expenses: Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,800.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 4,800.00 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 691.94 .................... 691.94 Senator Kirsten Gillibrand: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 389.75 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 389.75 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,133.28 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,133.28 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 436.79 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 436.79 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 576.27 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 576.27 Jess Fassler: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 376.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 376.32 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 985.44 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 985.44 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 436.79 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 436.79 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 467.05 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 467.05 Moran Banai: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 363.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 363.29 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 979.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 979.16 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 436.79 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 436.79 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 363.04 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 363.04 Senator Tim Kaine: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 378.69 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 378.69 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,623.05 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,623.05 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 354.95 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 354.95 Nicole Porreca: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 378.69 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 378.69 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,623.05 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,623.05 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 497.84 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 497.84 Mary Naylor: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 378.69 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 378.69 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,623.05 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,623.05 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 477.54 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 477.54 Senator Mazie Hirono: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 290.94 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 290.94 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,071.72 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,071.72 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 394.55 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 394.55 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 347.94 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 347.94 Betsy Lin: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................
.................................... .................... 286.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 286.00 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 932.55 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 932.55 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 394.55 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 394.55 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 347.94 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 347.94 * Delegation Expenses: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 385.49 .................... .................... .................... 385.49 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,268.47 ................. ... .................... .................... 8,268.47 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,420.95 .................... 1,420.95 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 725.18 .................... 725.18 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,019.53 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,019.53 El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 218.70 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 218.70 Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 380.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 380.00 Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 357.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 357.00 Kathryn Wheelbarger: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,019.53 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,019.53 El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 243.70 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 243.70 Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 463.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 463.00 Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 359.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 359.00 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,019.53 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,019.53 El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 264.70 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 264.70 Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 500.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 500.00 Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 359.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 359.00 * Delegation Expenses: El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 308.50 .................... 308.50 Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 273.34 ................. ... .................... .................... 273.34 Anish Goel: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,245.62 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,245.62 India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 876.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 876.66 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 227.81 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 227.81 Thomas Goffus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,321.05 .................... . ................... .................... 12,321.05 India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 981.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 981.60 * Delegation Expenses: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 162.80 .................... 254.57 .................... 417.37 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 211.25 .................... ... ................. .................... 211.25 Cord Sterling: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,607.99 .................... . ................... .................... 11,607.99 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 830.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 830.00 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 865.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 865.00 David E. Sayers: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,174.00 .................... . ................... .................... 11,174.00 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 867.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 867.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 828.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 828.00 * Delegation Expenses: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 809.25 .................... 598. 73 .................... 1,407.98 Daniel Lerner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,217.24 .................... . ................... .................... 12,217.24 India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 1,929.28 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,929.28 Anish Goel: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 962.30 .................... .... ................ .................... 962.30 India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 319.17 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 319.17 Jonathan Epstein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,536.49 .................... . ................... .................... 12,536.49 India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 1,221.63 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,221.63 * Delegation Expenses: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,816.86 .................. .. .................... .................... 1,816.86 Senator Lindsey Graham: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 387.72 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 387.72 * Delegation Expenses: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 18.57 .................... 18.57 Senator John McCain: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 864.53 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 864.53 Christian Brose: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 920.86 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 920.86 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2635 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Elizabeth O’Bagy: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 895.17 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 895.17 Senator Tom Cotton: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 863.28 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 863.28 Senator Joni Ernst: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 863.28 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 863.28 Senator Dan Sullivan: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 444.66 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 444.66 * Delegation Expenses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,805.88 .................... 18,348.81 .................... 27,154.69 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 359.00 ................... . .................... .................... 359.00 Senator James Inhofe: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 807.22 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 807.22 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 475.72 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 475.72 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 298.32 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 298.32 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 342.39 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 342.39 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 412.31 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 412.31 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 240.27 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 240.27 Anthony Lazarski: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 855.40 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 855.40 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 455.72 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 455.72 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 286.98 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 286.98 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 290.18 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 290.18 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 412.31 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 412.31 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 235.20 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 235.20 Luke Holland: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 855.33 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 855.33 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 449.16 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 449.16 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 298.25 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 298.25 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 300.67 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 300.67 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 412.31 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 412.31 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 236.75 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 236.75 Mark Powers: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 803.42 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 803.42 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 423.30 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 423.30 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 286.98 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 286.98 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 290.18 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 290.18 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 413.31 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 413.31 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 232.31 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 232.31 Senator Mike Rounds: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar .............
....................................... .................... 705.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 705.20 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 331.40 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 331.40 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 196.67 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 197.67 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 211.24 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 211.24 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 443.33 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 443.33 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 122.80 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 122.80 Dan Adelstein: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 705.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 705.20 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 331.40 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 331.40 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 196.67 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 197.67 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 211.24 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 211.24 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 443.33 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 443.33 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 122.80 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 122.80 * Delegation Expenses: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 3,448.00 .................... 3,448.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 869.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 869.00 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 250.00 .................... 250.00 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 5,770.59 .................... 5,770.59 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 586.47 ................... . 1,766.38 .................... 2,352.85 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,800.77 .................... 2,800.77 Thomas Goffus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,626.50 .................... . ................... .................... 10,626.50 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 440.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 440.00 Kathryn Wheelbarger: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,254.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,254.46 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 585.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 585.00 Afghanstan ............................................................................................... Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 41.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 41.00 Anish Goel: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,224.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,224.76 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 310.03 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 310.03 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,192.72 .................... . ................... .................... 11,192.72 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 322.03 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 322.03 * Delegation Expenses: Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 361.43 .................... ... ................. .................... 361.43 David E. Sayers: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,967.00 .................... . ................... .................... 14,967.00 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,075.68 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,075.68 Ozge Guzelsu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,271.56 .................... . ................... .................... 15,271.56 
Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 946.68 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 946.68 * Delegation Expenses: Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,750.47 .................... 2,750.47 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,055.26 .................... . ................... .................... 14,055.26 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 294.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 294.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 214.75 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 214.75 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 364.27 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 364.27 * Delegation Expenses: Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 56.57 .................... 56.57 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,138.29 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,138.29 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 546.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 546.88 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,382.54 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,382.54 * Delegation Expenses: Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 879.07 .................... .. .................. .................... 879.07 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 255.36 ................... . .................... .................... 255.36 Senator Roger Wicker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,807.96 .................... . ................... .................... 11,807.96 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,718.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,718.00 Joseph Lai: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,807.96 .................... . ................... .................... 11,807.96 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,718.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,718.00 * Delegation Expenses: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 463.59 .................... .................... .................... 463.59 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2636 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Jeff Sessions: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 23,761.12 .................... . ................... .................... 23,761.12 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,147.17 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,147.17 Pete Landrum: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 23,761.12 .................... . ................... .................... 23,761.12 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,147.12 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,147.12 * Delegation Expenses: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 352.14 .................... . ................... .................... 352.14 Senator Jeanne Shaheen: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 24,963.82 .................... . ................... .................... 24,963.82 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 998.19 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 998.19 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 354.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 354.62 Bryan Maxwell: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 24,772.31 .................... . ................... .................... 24,722.31 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 988.80 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 988.80 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 336.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 336.80 Joshua Lucas: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 23,385.42 .................... . ................... .................... 23,385.42 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,005.45 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,005.45 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 375.86 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 375.86 * Delegation Expenses: Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 78.94 .................... 78.94 Thomas Goffus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,856.67 .................... . ................... .................... 13,856.67 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 652.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 652.76 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 314.38 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 314.38 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,756.06 .................... . ................... .................... 13,756.06 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 785.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 785.88 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 313.21 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 313.21 James B. Hickey: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,923.75 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,923.75 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 634.14 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 634.14 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,005.38 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,005.38 * Delegation Expenses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 675.50 .................... 675.50 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 251.55 ................... . 454.23 .................... 705.78 Kathryn Wheelbarger: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,122.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,122.26 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 293.55 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 293.55 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 344.76 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 344.76 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 585.66 .................... .................... .................... ............
........ .................... 585.66 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 1,018.64 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,018.64 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 424.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 424.87 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,776.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,776.46 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 293.55 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 293.55 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 359.76 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 359.76 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 903.22 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 903.22 Michael Kuiken: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,241.45 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,241.45 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 254.11 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 254.11 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 335.38 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 335.38 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 507.81 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 507.81 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 767.64 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 767.64 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 351.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 351.87 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 62.82 .................... 62.82 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... 146.60 .................... ............ ........ .................... 146.60 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 874.00 .................... 874.00 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 348.10 .................... 348.10 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 78,314.37 .................... 467,438.82 .................... 43,7 12.74 .................... 589,465.93 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Apr. 22, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b
), COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Mike Enzi: Australia ................................................................................................... Pounds ............. ..................................... .................... 770.55 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 770.55 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 441.06 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 441.06 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 239.54 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 239.54 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 311.39 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 311.39 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Burr .............. ........................................ .................... 415.06 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 415.06 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 211.43 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 211.43 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,389.03 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 2,389.03 
SENATOR MIKE ENZI,Chairman, Committee on the Budget, Apr. 29, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Thune: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 1,656.29 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,656.29 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2637 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
* Delegation Expenses: ............................................................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 792.16 .................... 792.16 David Quinalty: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,094.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,094.66 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 1,469.96 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,469.96 Senator Bill Nelson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,292.95 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,292.95 Costa Rica ................................................................................................ Colon ................ .................................... .................... 884.67 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 884.67 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,010.92 .................... 9,387.61 .................... 792.16 .................... 14,190.69 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN THUNE, Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Apr. 25, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Isaac Edwards: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,637.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,637.56 Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 548.32 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 548.32 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 548.32 .................... 1,637.56 .................... ......... ........... .................... 2,185.88 
SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI, Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Apr. 18, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Mark Warner: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Francs ............... .................................... .................... 1,750.21 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,750.21 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,581.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,581.90 Senator Bob Casey, Jr.: Israel ......................................................................................................... Sheckel ......... ........................................ .................... 592.27 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 592.27 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 439.65 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 439.65 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,254.89 .................... . ................... .................... 15,254.89 Caitlin Gearen-Frazer: Israel ......................................................................................................... Sheckel ......... ........................................ .................... 694.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 694.44 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 449.10 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 449.10 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,824.68 .................... . ................... .................... 10,824.68 * Delegation Expenses: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 5,198.56 .................... 5,198.56 Christopher Campbell: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 486.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 486.39 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 802.92 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 802.92 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 23,168.70 .................... . ................... .................... 23,168.70 A. Jay Khosla: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 250.86 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.86 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 416.98 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 416.98 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 20,216.50 .................... . ................... .................... 20,216.50 Everett Eissenstat: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 343.31 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 343.31 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 517.97 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 517.97 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Douglas Petersen: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 319.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 319.92 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 447.19 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 447.19 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 496.38 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 496.38 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Sarah Bittleman: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 297.71 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 297.71 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 416.46 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 416.46 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,724.50 .................... . ................... .................... 18,724.50 Joshua Sheinkman: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 329.43 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 329.43 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar .............
....................................... .................... 512.57 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 512.57 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Elizabeth Bell: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 259.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 259.12 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 425.46 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 425.46 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 413.10 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 413.10 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,724.70 .................... . ................... .................... 18,724.70 Tim Del Monico: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 298.07 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 298.07 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 500.51 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 500.51 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Amber Kirchhoefer: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 260.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 260.32 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 406.45 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 406.45 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2638 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Jane Lucas: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 286.86 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 286.86 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 573.95 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 573.95 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Carla McGarvey: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 299.26 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 299.26 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 431.74 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 431.74 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 514.24 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 514.24 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Emily Spain: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 266.03 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 266.03 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 526.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 526.30 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Jay Sulzman: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 299.63 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 299.63 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 436.13 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 436.13 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Matthew VanKuiken: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 252.22 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 252.22 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 418.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 418.01 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 410.23 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 410.23 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,977.50 .................... . ................... .................... 19,977.50 Charles Cogar: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 261.34 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 261.34 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 422.45 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 422.45 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 581.08 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 581.08 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,724.50 .................... . ................... .................... 18,724.50 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 41,845.85 .................... 313,017.87 .................... 5,19 8.56 .................... 306,062.28 
* Delegation Expenses include transportation, embassy overtime, as well as official expenses in accordance with the responsibili ties of the host country. SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,Chairman, Committee on Finance, Apr. 22, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Ben Cardin: Mozambique .............................................................................................. Metical ................ .................................. .................... 946.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 946.00 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,220.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,220.00 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 362.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 362.00 Namibia .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 405.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 405.00 Algene Sajery: Mozambique .............................................................................................. Metical ................ .................................. .................... 664.05 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 664.05 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 740.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 740.00 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 388.70 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 388.70 Namibia .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 382.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 382.00 Senator Christopher Coons: Mozambique .............................................................................................. Metical ................ .................................. .................... 583.46 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 583.46 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 642.30 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 642.30 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 434.79 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 434.79 Namibia .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 347.38 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 347.38 Christina Gleason: Mozambique .............................................................................................. Metical ................ .................................. .................... 583.46 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 583.46 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 673.15 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 673.15 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 484.96 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 484.96 Namibia .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 347.38 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 347.38 Senator Jeff Flake: Mozambique .............................................................................................. Metical ................ .................................. .................... 673.34 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 673.34 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 994.38 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 994.38 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 439.58 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 439.58 Namibia .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 310.19 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 310.19 Chandler Morse: Mozambique .............................................................................................. Metical ................ .................................. .................... 596.33 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 596.33 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 673.15 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 673.15 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 420.32 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 420.32 Namibia .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 258.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 258.88 * Delegation Expenses: Mozambique .............................................................................................. Metical ................ .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 8,805.60 .................... 8,805.60 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 26,398.80 .................... 26,398.80 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 9,613.03 .................... 9,613.03 Namibia .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 6,302.40 .................... 6,302.40 Senator Ben Cardin: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 209.84 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 209.84 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 690.96 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 690.96 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 1,096.18 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,096.18 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 2,363.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,363.00 Debbie Yamada: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 113.09 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 113.09 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 497.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 497.16 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 847.74 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 847.74 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 2,162.84 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,162.84 Jodi Herman: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 139.62 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 139.62 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 567.87 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 567.87 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 757.06 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 757.06 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 2,116.69 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,116.69 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,724.99 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,724.99 Senator Cory Gardner: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 169.74 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 169.74 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 831.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 831.16 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 1,143.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,143.76 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 2,372.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,372.00 Senator Edward Markey: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 169.64 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 169.64 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2639 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 831.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 831.16 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 1,143.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,143.76 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,940.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,940.00 * Delegation Expenses: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,433.00 .................... 1,433.00 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 399.90 .................... 399.90 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,197.00 .................... 2,197.00 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 13,947.00 .................... 13,947.00 Senator Christopher Coons: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 290.94 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 290.94 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,184.32 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,184.32 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 396.05 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 396.05 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 523.03 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 523.03 Thomas Mancinelli: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 306.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 306.99 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 936.77 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 936.77 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 394.55 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 394.55 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 434.50 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 434.50 * Delegation Expenses: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 96.37 .................... 96.37 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,067.10 .................... 2,067.10 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 414.44 .................... 414.44 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 181.29 .................... 181.29 Senator Chris Coons: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 2,247.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,247.22 Senator Bob Corker: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 3,021.81 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 3,021.81 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,913.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,913.86 Todd Womack: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 2,556.75 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,556.75 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,587.66 .................... . ................... .................... 11,587.66 Benjamin Purser: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 2,560.20 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,560.20 United States ............................................................................................ ...................... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,132.50 ................. ... .................... .................... 1,132.50 * Delegation Expenses: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,168.65 .................... 3,168.65 Senator Bob Corker: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,093.27 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,093.27 * Delegation Expenses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 4,148.63 .................... 4,148.63 Senator Bob Corker: Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 284.80 .................... .................... .................... .
................... .................... 284.80 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 188.26 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 188.26 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,996.96 .................... . ................... .................... 11,996.96 David Kinzler: Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 286.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 286.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 516.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 516.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 236.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 236.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,173.15 .................... . ................... .................... 12,173.15 Benjamin Purser: Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 286.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 286.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 565.68 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 565.68 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 198.46 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 198.46 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,173.15 .................... . ................... .................... 12,173.15 * Delegation Expenses: Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 227.00 .................... 227.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 504.00 .................... 504.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,673.29 .................... 1,673.29 Senator Bob Corker: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 789.95 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 789.95 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,507.55 .................... . ................... .................... 10,507.55 David Kinzler: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 806.65 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 806.65 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,148.55 .................... . ................... .................... 12,148.55 Michael Phelan: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 761.57 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 761.57 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 108.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 108.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,148.55 .................... . ................... .................... 12,148.55 * Delegation Expenses: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 152.34 .................... 152.34 Senator Cory Gardner: Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 215.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 215.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 412.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 412.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,022.10 .................... . ................... .................... 12,022.10 Chris Hansen: Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 207.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 207.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 387.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 387.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,022.10 .................... . ................... .................... 12,022.10 * Delegation Expenses: Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 419.85 .................... 419.85 Senator Edward Markey: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 1,032.44 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,032.44 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,504.86 .................... ..
.................. .................... 4,504.86 Philip McGovern: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 791.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 791.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,532.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,532.00 * Delegation Expenses: Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,140.00 .................... 1,140.00 Senator David Purdue: Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 45.11 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 45.11 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 818.17 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 818.17 * Delegation Expenses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 4,148.63 .................... 4,148.63 Brooke Eisele: Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 1,809.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,809.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,982.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,982.86 Christen Mogavero: Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 1,635.99 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,635.99 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,982.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,982.86 * Delegation Expenses: Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 347.31 .................... 347.31 Heather Flynn: Central African Republic .......................................................................... Dollar ....................... ............................. .................... 1,725.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,725.00 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 336.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 336.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,071.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,071.16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2640 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
* Delegation Expenses: Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 55.06 .................... 55.06 Christopher Ford: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Euro ..................... ................................. .................... 419.96 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 419.96 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 798.09 .................... 106.19 .................... ............... ..... .................... 904.28 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,929.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,929.46 Benjamin Purser: Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 1,250.52 .................... 106.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,356.71 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,359.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,359.71 Chris Socha: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 224.21 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 224.21 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 293.94 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 293.94 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 1,304.41 .................... 106.19 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,410.60 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,936.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,936.46 * Delegation Expenses: Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,807.57 .................... 1,807.57 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 904.61 .................... 904.61 Chris Hansen: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 633.16 .................... 568.52 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,201.68 Saudia Arabia ........................................................................................... Riyal .................. ................................... .................... 847.66 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 847.66 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,881.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,881.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,647.54 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,647.54 Philip McGovern: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 679.93 .................... 568.52 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,248.45 Saudia Arabia ........................................................................................... Riyal .................. ................................... .................... 666.66 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 666.66 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,811.35 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,811.35 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 2,175.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,175.01 * Delegation Expenses: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 159.96 .................... 159.96 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 878.81 .................... 878.81 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 5,578.80 .................... 5,578.80 Jodi Herman: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 712.69 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 712.69 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 502.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 502.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,219.10 .................... . ................... .................... 12,219.10 Damian Murphy: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 795.45 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 795.45 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 623.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 623.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,532.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,532.80 Charlotte Oldham Moore: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 660.45 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 660.45 
Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 623.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 623.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,532.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,532.80 Jessica Moses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 795.45 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 795.45 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 623.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 623.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,532.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,532.80 * Delegation Expenses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,359.10 .................... 2,359.10 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,539.00 .................... 1,539.00 Clyde Hicks: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 876.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 673.55 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 673.55 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,275.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,275.16 Morgan Vina: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 635.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 635.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 585.08 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 585.08 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,275.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,275.16 * Delegation Expenses: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 514.39 .................... 514.39 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 386.21 .................... 386.21 Carolyn Leddy: Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 496.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 496.00 Nepal ......................................................................................................... Rupee ............ ....................................... .................... 448.67 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 448.67 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,276.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,276.90 Andrew Olson: Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 443.25 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 443.25 Nepal ......................................................................................................... Rupee ............ ....................................... .................... 364.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 364.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,311.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,311.90 Damian Murphy: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,716.02 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,716.02 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 568.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 568.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 632.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 632.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,234.59 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,234.59 Brittany Beaulieu: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,716.02 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,716.02 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 568.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 568.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 632.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 632.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,234.59 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,234.59 * Delegation Expenses: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 754.38 .................... 754.38 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Euro ..............
........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 22.86 .................... 22.86 Benjamin Purser: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 119.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 119.00 Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 1,186.47 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,186.47 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,836.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,836.90 John Rader: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 119.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 119.00 Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 724.91 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 724.91 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,436.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,436.56 * Delegation of Expenses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 628.48 .................... 628.48 Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 623.61 .................... 623.61 Benjamin Purser: Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,870.94 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,870.94 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 681.50 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 681.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,193.95 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,193.95 John Rader: Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,918.09 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,918.09 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 670.05 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 670.05 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,193.95 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,193.95 * Delegation Expenses: Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,204.00 .................... 1,204.00 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 227.27 .................... 227.27 Algene Sajery: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 560.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 560.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2641 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,181.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,181.56 Brandon Yoder: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 560.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 560.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,024.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,024.46 * Delegation Expenses: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 775.00 .................... 775.00 Rolfe Michael Schiffer: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 55.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 55.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 412.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 412.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,260.10 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,260.10 * Delegation Expenses: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 527.20 .................... 527.20 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 852.71 .................... 852.71 Dana Stroul: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 760.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 760.82 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dinar ....................... .............................. .................... 413.84 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 413.84 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,891.40 .................... . ................... .................... 11,891.40 Brandon Yoder: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 495.73 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 495.73 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,951.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,951.71 James Greene: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 495.73 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 495.73 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,951.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,951.71 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 103,839.16 .................... 259,301.74 .................... 107 ,584.65 .................... 470,725.55 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Apr. 22, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 863.28 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 863.28 Christopher Mewett: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 863.28 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 863.28 * Delegation Expenses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,483.71 .................... 2,483.71 Senator John Cornyn: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 740.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 740.00 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 568.21 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 568.21 Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 776.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 776.00 * Delegation Expenses: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 25.09 .................... 25.09 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 121.23 .................... 121.23 Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 484.11 .................... 484.11 
Total: .................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,810.77 .................... .................... ................ .... 3,114.14 .................... 6,924.91 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Apr. 21, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Scott Cheney: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,283.74 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,283.74 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 890.28 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 890.28 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 890.28 .................... 2,283.74 .................... ......... ........... .................... 3,174.02 
SENATOR LAMAR ALEXANDER, Chairman, Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, Apr. 3, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 504.00 .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... 504.00 ............................................................... .................... 300.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 300.00 ............................................................... .................... 326.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 326.00 Ryan Kaldahl ..................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 287.16 .................... 13,059.10 .................... . ................... .................... 13,346.26 ............................................................... .................... 503.50 .................... 702.20 .......... .......... .................... .................... 1,205.70 ............................................................... .................... 696.87 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 696.87 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 66.1 4 .................... .................... .................... 66.14 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2642 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Kerry Sutten ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 287.16 .................... 13,059.10 ................... . .................... .................... 13,346.26 ............................................................... .................... 503.50 .................... 702.20 .......... .......... .................... .................... 1,205.70 ............................................................... .................... 696.87 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 696.87 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 66.1 4 .................... .................... .................... 66.14 Mike Pevzner ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 287.16 .................... 13,059.10 .................... .................... .................... 13,346.26 ............................................................... .................... 503.50 .................... 702.20 .......... .......... .................... .................... 1,205.70 ............................................................... .................... 696.87 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 696.87 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 66.1 4 .................... .................... .................... 66.14 Paul Matulic ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... .................... .................... 16,755.56 ....... ............. .................... .................... 16,755.56 ............................................................... .................... 1,005.08 .................... ............... ..... .................... 101.61 .................... 1,106.69 Hayden Milberg .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... .................... .................... 16,755.56 ......... ........... .................... .................... 16,755.56 ............................................................... .................... 1,005.08 .................... ............... ..... .................... 101.61 .................... 1,106.69 John Matchison .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... .................... .................... 16,755.56 ......... ........... .................... .................... 16,755.56 ............................................................... .................... 1,005.08 .................... ............... ..... .................... 101.61 .................... 1,106.69 Senator Daniel Coats ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... 288.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 288.00 Nick Basciano .................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 288.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 288.00 ............................................................... .................... 298.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 298.00 ............................................................... .................... 110.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 110.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,39 0.56 .................... .................... .................... 2,390.56 Brian Walsh ....................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 288.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 288.00 ............................................................... .................... 298.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 298.00 ............................................................... .................... 110.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 110.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,39 0.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,390.00 Emily Harding .................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 288.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 288.00 ............................................................... .................... 298.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 298.00 ............................................................... .................... 110.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 110.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,39 0.56 .................... .................... .................... 2,390.56 Kerry Sutten ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,062.08 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,062.08 ............................................................... .................... 355.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 355.00 ............................................................... .................... 262.09 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 262.09 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,14 7.34 .................... .................... .................... 3,147.34 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 36.27 .................... 36.27 Ryan Kaldahl ..................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 1,062.08 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 1,062.08 ............................................................... .................... 355.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 355.00 ............................................................... .................... 262.09 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 262.09 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,14 7.34 .................... .................... .................... 3,147.34 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 36.27 .................... 36.27 Nate Adler .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 1,062.08 .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,062.08 ............................................................... .................... 355.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 355.00 ............................................................... .................... 262.09 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 262.09 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,14 7.34 .................... .................... .................... 3,147.34 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 36.27 .................... 36.27 Tara McFeely ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 1,062.08 .................... .................... ........
............ .................... .................... 1,062.08 ............................................................... .................... 355.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 355.00 ............................................................... .................... 262.09 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 262.09 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,14 7.34 .................... .................... .................... 3,147.34 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 36.27 .................... 36.27 Randy Bookout ................................................................................................... ............... ................................................ .................... 354.00 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 354.00 ............................................................... .................... 330.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 330.00 ............................................................... .................... 354.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 354.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,1 47.26 .................... .................... .................... 16,147.26 Paul Matulic ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 354.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 354.00 ............................................................... .................... 330.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 330.00 ............................................................... .................... 354.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 354.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,1 47.26 .................... .................... .................... 16,147.26 Ryan White ........................................................................................................ ............. .................................................. .................... 354.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 354.00 ............................................................... .................... 330.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 330.00 ............................................................... .................... 354.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 354.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,1 47.26 .................... .................... .................... 16,147.26 Senator Richard Burr ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... 771.60 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 771.60 ............................................................... .................... 427.46 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.46 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 711.27 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 711.27 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Senator Barbara Mikulski .................................................................................. ..................... .......................................... .................... 771.60 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 771.60 ............................................................... .................... 427.46 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.46 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 711.27 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 711.27 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Senator Mark Warner ......................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... 771.60 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 771.60 ............................................................... .................... 427.46 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.46 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.56 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.56 ............................................................... .................... 711.27 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 711.27 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Senator Angus King, Jr. ..................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... 771.60 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 771.60 ............................................................... .................... 427.46 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.46 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 Senator Daniel Coats ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... 771.60 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 771.60 ............................................................... .................... 427.46 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.46 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 711.27 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 711.27 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2643 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Dr. Brian Monahan ............................................................................................ .................. ............................................. .................... 657.01 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 657.01 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 432.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 432.14 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 657.01 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 657.01 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 432.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 432.14 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Brian Miller ........................................................................................................ ........... .................................................... .................... 572.16 .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... 572.16 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 432.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 432.14 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Mike Pevzner ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 416.59 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 416.59 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 432.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 432.14 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Jongsun Kim ...................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 572.16 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 572.16 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 
............................................................... .................... 432.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 432.14 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Desiree Thompson Sayle .................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 657.01 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 657.01 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 432.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 432.14 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Jim Catella ........................................................................................................ ............ ................................................... .................... 588.32 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 588.32 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 Tom Hawkins ..................................................................................................... ............... ................................................ .................... 657.01 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 657.01 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 432.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 432.14 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Dean Hingson .................................................................................................... ............... ................................................ .................... 588.32 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 588.32 ............................................................... .................... 427.47 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 427.47 ............................................................... .................... 1,160.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,160.00 ............................................................... .................... 754.55 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 754.55 ............................................................... .................... 432.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 432.14 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 379.38 .................... 379.38 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 125.68 .................... 125.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 756.79 .................... 756.79 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,325.92 .................... 1,325.92 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 722.30 .................... 722.30 Jennifer Barrett .................................................................................................. ............. .................................................. .................... 381.69 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 381.69 ............................................................... .................... 1,100.00 .................... ...............
..... .................... .................... .................... 1,100.00 ............................................................... .................... 509.05 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 509.05 ............................................................... .................... 370.53 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 370.53 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 71,489.81 .................... 159,951.26 .................... 45,3 46.29 .................... 276,787.36 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD BURR, Chairman, Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, Apr. 28, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2644 May 9, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE—AMENDED FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Christian Cook ................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 696.00 .................... 233.71 .................... .... ................ .................... 929.71 ............................................................... .................... 1,352.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 75.00 .................... 1,427.00 ............................................................... .................... 751.50 .................... ................. ... .................... 29.33 .................... 780.83 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,3 46.40 .................... .................... .................... 16,346.40 Tara McFeely ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 696.00 .................... 233.71 .................... ... ................. .................... 929.71 ............................................................... .................... 1,352.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 75.00 .................... 1,427.00 ............................................................... .................... 751.50 .................... ................. ... .................... 29.33 .................... 780.83 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,3 46.40 .................... .................... .................... 16,346.40 Jongsun Kim ...................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 696.00 .................... 233.71 .................... .... ................ .................... 929.71 ............................................................... .................... 1,352.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 75.00 .................... 1,427.00 ............................................................... .................... 751.50 .................... ................. ... .................... 29.33 .................... 780.83 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,3 46.40 .................... .................... .................... 16,346.40 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 8,398.50 .................... 49,740.33 .................... 312.99  .................... 58,451.82 
SENATOR RICHARD BURR,Chairman, Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, Mar. 14, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), CONGRESSIONAL-EXECUTIVE COMMISSION ON CHINA FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Congressman Chris Smith: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,488.00 .................... . ................... .................... 12,488.00 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 813.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 813.00 Paul Protic: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,485.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,485.00 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,048.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,048.00 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... New dollar ......... ................................... .................... 660.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 660.00 Scott Flipse: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,485.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,485.00 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,082.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,082.00 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... New dollar ......... ................................... .................... 680.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 680.00 * Delegation Expenses: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,291.00 .................... 2,291.00 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... New dollar ......... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 68.00 .................... 68.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,283.00 .................... 17,458.00 .................... 2,359. 00 .................... 24,100.00 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, Congressional-Executive Commission on China, Apr. 22, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
David Killion: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,010.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,010.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,788.00 .................... . ................... .................... 10,788.00 * Delegation Expenses Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 2,862.06 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,862.06 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,872.06 .................... 10,788.00 .................... ...... .............. .................... 14,660.06 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER F. WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Mar. 26, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,110.86 .................... . ................... .................... 14,110.86 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 279.25 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 279.25 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 202.53 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 202.53 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 537.77 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 537.77 Thomas Hawkins: Poland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 657.01 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 657.01 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 427.46 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 427.46 France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 1,160.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,160.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 745.55 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 745.55 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 427.40 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 427.40 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,436.97 .................... 14,110.86 .................... ...... .............. .................... 18,547.83 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,Chairman, Committee on Majority Leader, Apr. 29, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2645 May 9, 2016 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF CONRAD RAY BURNS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, Elaine and I were saddened by the pass-ing of Conrad Burns last month. Sen-ator Burns was a big personality from a big State. He will certainly be missed by those who had the opportunity to know him. Our thoughts were with Phyllis and the Burns family then, and they re-main with Phyllis and the Burns fam-ily today. The Senate remembers this former colleague. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 457, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 457) relative to the death of Conrad Ray Burns, former United States Senator for the State of Montana. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 457) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF ROBERT F. BENNETT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 458, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 458) relative to the death of Robert F. Bennett, former Senator of the State of Utah. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 458) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 10, 2016 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2:15 p.m., Tuesday, May 10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate then re-sume consideration of H.R. 2028; fur-ther, that the filing deadline for first- degree amendments under rule XXII to the Alexander substitute amendment No. 3801 be at 2:30 p.m. tomorrow; fi-nally, that the Senate adjourn today under the provisions of S. Res. 457 and S. Res. 458. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Tennessee. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I would like to make brief comments concerning the status of the Energy and Water appropriations bill, fol-lowing the actions of the majority leader. I said most of what I had to say earlier. Here is my view of it. Tonight, and for the third time, the Senate voted not to end debate on the Energy and Water appropriations bill, even though we have virtually finished all of our work on it. We have one difference of opinion, and it is a big one. It is pro-vocative. It is the Cotton amendment that would prohibit U.S. tax dollars being used next year to purchase heavy water from Iran. The majority leader has filed cloture on the Cotton amendment, which means that after tomorrow—the inter-vening day—we will have a vote on the Cotton amendment on Wednesday. We will dispense with it the way we usu-ally dispense with issues about which we have large differences of opinion: We vote on them. Sometimes we can work them out, sometimes we can withdraw them, and sometimes we can’t. So we are going to vote on it. Senator C
OTTON has said that if he should not win the amendment, he will withdraw it. That will dispose of the Cotton amendment, and then we can move on and finish the Energy and Water appropriations bill. I said earlier today, and I will reit-erate, that while I have defended Sen-ator C
OTTON ’s right to offer his amend-ment—it is germane and it is rel-evant—I will vote no on his amend-ment for two reasons. One reason is I believe it raises the possibility that if the United States is not allowed to buy heavy water from Iran, then it puts it on the international market and it could be purchased by other countries, such as North Korea, for use in making nuclear weapons. This is not a vote for or against the Iran nuclear agreement. I am opposed to that agreement. This is a question about what to do about the heavy water that Iran has, which it has to get rid of, which can be used either for peaceful purposes, which we use it for in the United States when we have it— we use it for the neutron microscope at the Oak Ridge Laboratory, we use it for fiber optics, we use it for MRI imag-ing, we use it in a variety of ways—or it can be used to make plutonium and nuclear weapons. Now is not the time to be increasing the possibility that heavy water from Iran could be put on the international market and sold to a country such as North Korea, which might use it to make nuclear weapons. That is No. 1. No. 2, while the amendment is rel-evant and germane, this is an amend-ment that ought to be considered first in the Foreign Relations Committee or the Armed Services Committee. I get a lot of lectures sometimes in our Repub-lican lunches about appropriators mak-ing decisions that ought to be in the authorizing committee. Well, this is one of them. If there were an issue that raises more such complex national se-curity issues, it would be hard to think of one. Might this heavy water be used by a country to make nuclear weapons or, on the other hand, if we purchase it, does it create a market or an incentive for Iran to produce more heavy water? What happens to India, which produces heavy water? What happens to Argen-tina? What happens to the need of the United States for heavy water, since we don’t produce it at all, yet we need it? Iran produces it. We don’t want them to have it. We don’t produce it. We need it. We don’t want North Korea to have it. These are complex national security issues that ought not to be de-cided on an amendment to this bill. I will be voting no on the Cotton amendment because of the fear that it might create the possibility that put-ting it on the international market would put this distilled water, which could be used peacefully, in the hands of those who might make a bomb with it, and because I think an appropriate way to handle it is to first allow the Foreign Relations Committee or the Armed Services Committee to deal with it. This is a sincere amendment. I have defended the right of the Senator from Arkansas to offer his amendment. My friends on the other side don’t like the amendment. They see it as provoca-tive. They see it as a poison pill. That is a difference we will just have to work out over time. This is the U.S. Senate. The right way to work out differences we can’t otherwise work out is simply to vote. The majority leader has made sure we will have a vote on the Cotton amend-ment by Wednesday. My hope is that as important as this Energy and Water appropriations bill is, that Senator F
EINSTEIN and I could work with the Democratic leader and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.029 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2646 May 9, 2016 
the Republican leader and others to see if we might not agree tomorrow on a way to vote on the Cotton amendment and finish the bill. As I have said earlier, 80 different Senators have important provisions in the bill. I know that. I know they are important because many of my col-leagues went home over the last week and took credit for passing them, even though we have a little more work to do. So while we have one difference of opinion left—and it is a big one—I think the majority leader has put us on a path to come to resolution by Wednesday, and I hope by tomorrow. Let me conclude by thanking Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN . She feels as passion-ately about this as Senator C
OTTON  does. Maybe she feels more passion-ately about it. I respect and under-stand that, but I also respect the fact that she and I are bringing the first ap-propriations bill to the floor, and it is our basic constitutional duty to do so. We haven’t had an Energy and Water appropriations bill make it all the way across the floor under regular order since 2009. That is not the way the rail-road is supposed to run around here. We need to show the American people that we can resolve our differences and come to a result, so we will do that. We will have a vote, and then we will fin-ish the bill. I hope we can do it tomor-row. I look forward to continuing my dis-cussions with the Senator from Cali-fornia and other interested Senators to get it resolved. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to thank the distinguished chair-man of the subcommittee for his views and for his very instructive actions to move this bill to fruition. I know we both think it is an important bill. We know the subject that Senator C
OTTON  has raised is also important. I think there has been a good discus-sion on it and understanding of the pros and cons, so I think now we can wait until Wednesday, an hour after we come in, for the vote, and we will see what the will of the Senate is. I want the chairman to know I am very grateful for the actions he has taken because this is enabling us to pass the bill and see it enacted into law, we hope. So thank you very much, Mr. Presi-dent. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, during our break, last Thursday the New York Times ran a story that was as heartrending and gut-wrenching as I have read in a long time. The headline was: ‘‘One Week in April, Four Tod-dlers Shot and Killed Themselves.’’ I ask unanimous consent that the ar-ticle be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, May 5, 2016] O
NEWEEK IN APRIL, FOURTODDLERS SHOT 
ANDKILLED THEMSELVES  (By Jack Healy, Julie Bosman, Alan Blinder, and Julie Turkewitz) Kansas City, Mo.—Sha’Quille Kornegay, 2 years old, was buried in a pink coffin, her fa-vorite doll by her side and a tiara strategi-cally placed to hide the self-inflicted gun-shot wound to her forehead. She had been napping in bed with her fa-ther, Courtenay Block, late last month when she discovered the 9-millimeter handgun he often kept under his pillow in his Kansas City, Mo., home. It was equipped with a laser sight that lit up like the red lights on her cousins’ sneakers. Mr. Block told the police he woke to see Sha’Quille by his bed, bleed-ing and crying, the gun at her feet. A bullet had pierced her skull. In a country with more than 30,000 annual gun deaths, the smallest fingers on the trig-ger belong to children like Sha’Quille. During a single week in April, four tod-dlers—Holston, Kiyan, Za’veon and Sha’Quille—shot and killed themselves, and a mother driving through Milwaukee was killed after her 2-year-old apparently picked up a gun that had slid out from under the driver’s seat. It was a brutal stretch, even by the standards of researchers who track these shootings. These are shooters who need help tying their shoelaces, too young sometimes to even say the word ‘‘gun,’’ killed by their own curiosity. They accidentally fire a parent’s pistol while playing cops and robbers, while riding in a shopping cart, after finding it in the pocket of the coat their father forgot to wear to work. The gun that killed Sha’Quille last Thursday was pointing up, as if being in-spected, when it fired. They are the most maddening gun deaths in America. Last year, at least 30 people were killed in accidental shootings in which the shooter was 5 or younger, according to Everytown For Gun Safety, a gun control ad-vocacy group that tracks these shootings, largely through news reports. With shootings by preschoolers happening at a pace of about two per week, some of the victims were the youngsters’ parents or sib-lings, but in many cases the children ended up taking their own lives. ‘‘You can’t call this a tragic accident,’’ said Jean Peters Baker, the prosecutor of Jackson County, Mo., who is overseeing the criminal case in Sha’Quille’s death. Her of-fice charged Mr. Block, 24, with second-de-gree murder and child endangerment. ‘‘These are really preventable, and we’re not willing to prevent them.’’ Gun control advocates say these deaths il-lustrate lethal gaps in gun safety laws. Some states require locked storage of guns or trig-ger locks to be sold with handguns. Others leave safety decisions largely to gun owners. Twenty-seven states have laws that hold adults responsible for letting children have unsupervised access to guns, according to the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, though experts say such measures have, at best, a small effect on reducing gun deaths. Massachusetts is the only state that requires gun owners to store their guns in a locked place, though it has not stopped youngsters there from accidentally killing themselves or other children. Gun rights groups have long opposed these kinds of laws. They argue that trigger locks can fail, that mandatory storage can put a gun out of reach in an emergency, and that such measures infringe on Second Amend-ment rights. ‘‘It’s clearly a tragedy, but it’s not some-thing that’s widespread,’’ said Larry Pratt, a spokesman and former executive director of Gun Owners of America. ‘‘To base public pol-icy on occasional mishaps would be a grave mistake.’’ In Kansas City, Sha’Quille’s family is try-ing to come to grips with her death and the murder charge facing Mr. Block. In inter-views, several relatives said they did not be-lieve he deserved to be convicted of felony murder, but some questioned his judgment in leaving a loaded gun out while he slept as well as his actions after he discovered that his daughter was grievously wounded. According to court records, Mr. Block told the police that immediately after the shoot-ing, he went to the bathroom, wrapped the gun in a shirt and put it into a vent in the floor. He then ran outside carrying his dying daughter and yelled for a neighbor to call for help. He was also charged with evidence tam-pering. Sha’Quille’s mother, Montorre Kornegay, said that she had recently separated from Mr. Block after more than five years to-gether, but that they remained close. She said he loved the girl, whose first word was ‘‘Daddy.’’ When he called Ms. Kornegay from jail, he told her he was sorry and talked about how much he missed Sha’Quille. The girl was just 2, but wanted to be older, telling people she was already 5. She would run through the house, playing her own pri-vate game of peekaboo, relatives said. In a cacophony of squeaky children at home, rel-atives could always distinguish Sha’Quille’s low, raspier voice. One day, she’ll be a sing-er, they told one another. ‘‘What happened was wrong,’’ Ms. Kornegay said. She said that she did not think Mr. Block deserved to face a murder charge, but that he had behaved irrespon-sibly. ‘‘Why didn’t you stay up and watch her?’’ Parents, police officers and neighbors from Georgia to California are asking similar painful questions this week. Here are some of their stories. ‘
STAY WITH ME ’ In 2015, there were at least 278 uninten-tional shootings at the hands of young chil-dren and teenagers, according to Everytown’s database. During the week in April when Sha’Quille and the other children died, there were at least five other acci-dental shootings by children and teenagers. Alysee Defee, 13, was shot in the armpit with a 20-gauge shotgun she had used for turkey hunting in Floyd County, Ind. Zai Deshields, 4, pulled a handgun out of a backpack at her grandmother’s home in Arlington, Tex., and shot her uncle in the leg. A child who accidentally pulls the trigger is most likely to be 3 years old, the statistics show. Holston Cole was 3, a boy crackling with energy who would wake before dawn, his pas-tor said. He loved singing ‘‘Jesus Loves Me’’ and bouncing inside the inflatable castle in his family’s front yard in Dallas, Ga. About 7 a.m. on April 26, he found a .380- caliber semiautomatic pistol in his father’s backpack, according to investigators. The gun fired, and Holston’s panicked father, David, called 911. Even before a dispatcher could speak, Mr. Cole wailed ‘‘No, no!’’ into the phone, according to a redacted recording. Mr. Cole pleaded for his 3-year-old son to hold on until the ambulance could arrive: ‘‘Stay with me, Holston,’’ he can be heard saying on a 911 tape, his voice full of despera-tion. ‘‘Can you hear me? Daddy loves you. Holston. Holston, please. Please.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.019 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2647 May 9, 2016 
Holston was pronounced dead that morn-ing. The local authorities have been weighing what can be a difficult decision for prosecu-tors and the police after these shootings: Whether to charge a stricken parent or fam-ily member with a crime. While laws vary among states, experts said decisions about prosecution hinge on the specific details and circumstances of each shooting. What may be criminal neglect in one child’s death may be legally seen as a tragic mistake in an-other. Officials with the Paulding County Sher-iff’s Office have suggested that they expect Mr. Cole to face, at most, a charge of reck-less conduct. ‘‘Anything that we do, criminally speak-ing, is not going to hold a candle to the pain that this family feels,’’ said Sgt. Ashley Henson, a spokesman for the sheriff’s office. Sergeant Henson said investigators had sensed early on that the shooting was acci-dental. ‘‘You want to be able to protect your family and take care of your family, but on the same hand, you’ve got to be safe with your weapons,’’ he said. Some gun control groups have urged states and district attorneys to prosecute such cases more aggressively, saying that, grief aside, people need to be held responsible for what are easily preventable deaths. Brent Moxey, the pastor who officiated at Holston’s funeral, said the boy’s father was already haunted. ‘‘I think he runs the sce-nario over and over and over in his mind.’’ Mr. Moxey said the family—which did not re-spond to a message left at their home seek-ing comment—was still asking for privacy. About 1,000 mourners attended Holston’s funeral on April 30, remembering a boy who loved superheroes and would sometimes wrestle cardboard boxes. The day he died, he spent time alongside his mother, Haley, as she read the Bible, playing with the highlighter pen she used to note passages, Mr. Moxey said. ‘‘This little boy loved to tinker and to play, and he loved to get into things,’’ Mr. Moxey said, describing the very impulse that probably led to Holston’s death. ‘‘He loved to figure out how stuff works.’’ 
A RINGING PURSE  In Indianapolis, Kanisha Shelton would stay protectively near her 2-year-old son, Kiyan, watchful of the stray dogs known to roam through the neighborhood. But on the night of April 20, Ms. Shelton stepped away from the boy, leaving him in the kitchen while she was upstairs. She had placed her purse out of his reach on the kitchen counter, but when her phone started ringing, the boy apparently pushed a chair close to the counter, climbed onto it and reached for the purse, according to an ac-count from a cousin, John Pearson. There was also a .380-caliber Bersa pistol in it. Just after 9 p.m., Ms. Shelton heard a loud bang and rushed downstairs. There, in the kitchen, she found Kiyan lying on the floor, bleeding from a gunshot wound to the chest. He was rushed to a local children’s hospital, where he was pronounced dead. Ms. Shelton’s mother, who answered her daughter’s cellphone, said the family did not want to speak about the death. No criminal charges have been filed. The police in Indianapolis said such scenes were becoming more common. ‘‘The mother was obviously very shaken up,’’ Capt. Rich-ard Riddle said. Indeed, on Sunday night, an-other child, 10 years old, died in what the po-lice say appears to have been another acci-dental shooting. A 2013 investigation by The New York Times of children killed with firearms found that accidental shootings like these were being vastly undercounted by official tabula-tions, and were occurring about twice as often as records said. Dr. Garen J. Wintemute, an emergency physician and a researcher at the University of California, Davis, who studies the public health effects of gun violence, said that near-ly everyone—from toddlers to adults—can fail to accurately distinguish toy guns from real guns, loaded guns from unloaded ones. ‘‘That doesn’t stop them from playing with it,’’ he said. Mr. Pearson said he sympathized with Ms. Shelton and thought of Kiyan’s death as a tragic accident. ‘‘It was up on the counter, so I do think she thought she put the gun away, out of the baby’s reach,’’ Mr. Pearson said. ‘‘She’s going to be in a living hell.’’ Essie Jones, who lives across the street, said Ms. Shelton had recently taught Kiyan to ride a small bicycle with training wheels, guiding him on the bike in the driveway. ‘‘They’d be up in the yard playing,’’ she said. ‘‘He was very happy.’’ In a condolence book online, Dianna Mitchell-Wright, who identified herself as ‘‘Auntie,’’ wrote of her anguish over losing the boy she had nicknamed ‘‘My Main Man.’’ ‘‘All I have are memories,’’ she said, ‘‘and your pictures in my cellphone.’’ ANGUISHED GOODBYES  The coffin that held Za’veon was no bigger than a piece of carry-on luggage, and it was so light that two pallbearers easily carried it through the packed St. Paul Missionary Bap-tist Church in Bermuda, La. His full name was Za’veon Amari Williams, but to his family in Natchitoches, the 3-year- old was known as Baby Zee. On April 22, he found a pistol and shot himself in the head, according to Detective John Greely of the Natchitoches Police Department. When para-medics arrived, they found the mother cra-dling the boy and crying that he was not breathing, according to KSLA News 12. The police arrested a companion of the mother, Alverious Demars, 22, on charges of negligent homicide and obstruction of jus-tice. Detective Greely said that the police believed that the pistol belonged to Mr. Demars, and that he hid it after the toddler shot himself. The police have not found the weapon. ‘‘As a responsible adult it’s his obligation to secure that—to make sure a child does not get ahold of it,’’ Detective Greely said, ex-plaining why Mr. Demars had been arrested. The family declined to speak, but in a Facebook post, the boy’s mother, Destiny Williams, wrote that she had not been able to sleep and was a ‘‘useless sad waste.’’ ‘‘I can’t take life,’’ she wrote. ‘‘Why is it so cruel and unrelenting and unforgiving.’’ The funerals for these children were filled with a similar anguish. At the funeral for Baby Zee, the wails and screams grew so loud during a final moment of goodbye that ushers closed the church doors to give the family privacy. In Georgia, Holston’s father tearfully read a letter that reflected on how the family used to sing ‘‘Jesus Loves Me.’’ At the Kansas City fu-neral for Sha’Quille, family members crum-pled as they looked into the coffin, shaking with tears or kissing her. The day after Sha’Quille was buried, her maternal grandmother, Pamala Kornegay, reflected on the girl who was missing from the cluster of grandchildren who sat coloring on her living room floor. Ms. Kornegay said she was not angry with Sha’Quille’s father. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, the article included harrowing stories like this one: 
Sha’Quille Kornegay, 2 years old, was bur-ied in a pink coffin, her favorite doll by her side and a tiara strategically placed to hide the self-inflicted gunshot wound to her fore-head. She had been napping in bed with her father late last month when she discovered the 9-millimeter handgun he often kept under his pillow in his Kansas City, Missouri home. It was equipped with a laser sight that lit up like the red lights on her cousins’ sneakers. Her father told the police he woke to see Sha’Quille by his bed, bleeding and crying, the gun at her feet. A bullet had pierced her skull. On the night of April 20th, Kanisha Shelton had placed her purse out of her 2-year-old son Kiyan’s reach on the kitchen counter, but when her phone started ringing, the boy apparently pushed a chair close to the counter, climbed onto it and reached for the purse. There was also a .380-caliber Beretta pistol in it. Just after 9 p.m., Ms. Shelton heard a loud bang and rushed downstairs. There, in the kitchen, she found Kiyan lying on the floor, bleeding from a gunshot wound to the chest. The police in Indianapolis said such scenes were becoming more common. As someone who has advocated for commonsense protections against gun violence for decades and now as a Sen-ator from Connecticut, where we know all too well the horrors of gun violence and the deep wounds and death they can wreak on innocent children, and especially as a parent of four children who have been those ages, these sto-ries, for me, are truly heartrending and gut-wrenching. My heart goes out to the families of these children and the families of countless other children who were lost as a result of these gun deaths—too many such families too often and so many of them preventable. Last year, there were 278 uninten-tional shootings by young children or teenagers, most of them having no idea what they were doing. In the week at the end of this April when four toddlers shot themselves, at least five other children and teenagers accidentally shot themselves or other people. Indepth investigations have strongly suggested that these shootings are sig-nificantly undercounted because of dif-fering rules across the country and ju-risdictions about how such deaths are to be reported. Some areas designate any death in which one person shoots another as a homicide, even if the shooter is 2 years old and has no intent to kill. The gun lobby relies on these mis-leading statistics to oppose laws that could reduce and prevent these kinds of heart-wrenching stories and deaths, such as safe storage laws or technology such as trigger locks. How could they be opposed? The gun lobby argues that these deaths are vanishingly rare, out-paced by other causes of child mor-tality. Of course, they perpetuate the misinformation by continuing to op-pose any research, any fact-finding into gun violence by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, con-tinuing to even block our ability to better understand the problem, let alone address it. I continue to have great difficulty understanding the anti-safety advocacy of these groups. Time and again in American history we have recognized that products posing a risk to con-sumers—particularly to children—re-quire regulation to make them as safe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.035 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2648 May 9, 2016 
as possible, no matter what the prod-uct, no matter what the industry. That has been the American way. We put seatbelts in cars and require drivers to learn what they are doing in obtaining a license. We put childproof caps on medicine bottles and dangerous house-hold products, even if they have domes-tic uses. If we have taken concrete steps to ensure that children can’t open a bottle of aspirin, I am baffled that we can’t do more to prevent these violent deaths. Why aren’t we doing ev-erything we can to make sure that children can’t kill themselves or others or injure themselves or others with firearms? There is no lack of ideas for how to remedy this situation. President Obama recently announced that as part of the White House’s anti-gun violence initiative, he will move forward to pro-mote the development of smart gun technology which is designed to ensure that no one except the owner can fire it. Even if the gun makes it into the hands of someone who should not have it, whether a child or a criminal, the gun will not be accessible. Like other steps the President has outlined in the absence of congressional action which remains sorely needed, this smart gun initiative utilizes existing laws and re-sources to challenge research, innova-tion, and enforcement toward more ef-fectively cutting down on gun violence. Surely, we have a consensus among the American people, among gun owners, and among anybody belonging to groups that seemingly oppose these commonsense measures that we need to do more and do it better to prevent these child deaths. On smart guns in particular, the White House will provide guidance for enhancing safety technology and help to manufacture and test smart fire-arms and to facilitate their purchase by State and local governments. Work-ing in partnership with private sector innovators and local jurisdictions, this initiative holds tremendous promise. Even while smart guns that depend on advanced technology are being de-veloped, existing mechanisms provide remedies as well—low-tech remedies. Trigger locks and indicators of whether a gun is loaded are in widespread use today. Studies have suggested that a third of accidental deaths could be pre-vented by the use of childproof safety locks and loading indicators. Our laws should encourage and even require their adoption. States around the coun-try have also developed a variety of safe storage bills that prohibit storing firearms in places that are accessible to children. Tragic experience has shown us that, as important as it is for families to discuss guns with their chil-dren, simply admonishing them to avoid going near guns won’t work, par-ticularly when the children are too young to understand what guns are and what they can do, and, most especially, when they are playing with other chil-dren in other families’ homes, where those guns may be accessible and load-ed. The answer is to insist that adults take responsibility. They need to be held responsible for keeping firearms off limits, which is really the only real-istic option to cut down these tragic deaths of children. Laws requiring that kind of responsi-bility and accountability are supported by two-thirds of Americans. Unfortu-nately, the gun lobby has continually, constantly, insistently, and consist-ently opposed progress in these areas. Their steadfast opposition has also pre-vented the Consumer Product Safety Commission—which has a praiseworthy track record of success keeping chil-dren safe from hazards and ranging from lead in toys to dangerous cribs— from regulating firearms or even issuing guidance about how they could be designed more safely for children. I have been coming to the floor of the Senate for a number of years to speak about the need for legislation to ad-dress the gun violence epidemic in this country, clearly a public health crisis. If there were a flu epidemic or another kind of contagious disease causing 30,000 deaths a year, we would have ur-gent, drastic action. We need to do the right thing. There are stories reported such as those last week of the unspeak-able horror of a child too young to un-derstand what is happening who en-counters a gun and uses it, such as Sha’Quille, Kiyan, and Holston Cole, a 3-year-old boy with crackling energy, who would wake right before dawn. His pastor said: He loved singing ‘‘Jesus Loves Me.’’ He put a gun to his head and, unknowingly, pulled the trigger. We can avoid that type of tragedy. We can do better, and we must act. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
f 
REMEMBERING CONRAD BURNS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, last week the world and the Burns family lost Senator Conrad Burns. There are thou-sands of reasons to celebrate the life of Senator Conrad Burns, but I will only mention a few, while I hope others write down their memories to help fill the void. He made friends instantly and could quickly find a way to relate to anyone. He had a story for every situation. That is the most effective way to make a point. I particularly enjoyed his mar-ital advice, which he learned in Hud-son, WY. His stories always had a loca-tion and a person. He said Hudson is where he spent a week one day—but it is where he bet a friend $100 that his wife Phyllis could beat his friend’s wife in a foot race. He wasn’t able to talk Phyllis into racing, but fortunately, the friend must not have had any luck with his wife, either, as he didn’t show up. While Conrad was a consummate, ef-fective Senator, his love for his faith, his family, and friends made him spe-cial. He was a man who lived by exam-ple. He was willing to share about his life to help with our lives. He mentored me and many others with his plain speaking, and timely, sort of abrupt suggestions. He didn’t waste time or words, but he always had time to help. He also probably never realized the difference he made. I know he never re-alized the difference he made daily while he worked on legislation, much of which he never got credit for but was effective at getting finished. He had a special talent for speaking and presenting that always got people’s attention. For example, he was able to take difficult issues involving tele-communications and make them un-derstandable to his colleagues and hold their interest. That is an unmatched talent. He had a unique ability to sell ideas that came from his vast, real-life experience in agriculture, radio, and especially in auctioneering. He could get you to buy into his idea, and you didn’t even realize that you had bid. His experience in small business gave him the ability to make people under-stand the kinds of decisions small busi-nesses have to make—how many deci-sions, how far in advance they had to be made, and how critical that was to how well the United States does. His staff would occasionally suggest other words or phrases he might use after the fact. He recognized and made a case for the importance of small business as the engine of our economy. Golf gave him an outlet for his frus-tration and provided relaxation and an opportunity for less stressful conversa-tions. I am not a golfer, but Conrad al-ways made the experience enjoyable and memorable. His ability to sell is best noted when he auctioned a special Kenai handmade quilt and got $15,000 when the best ever previous price was $3,000. Incidentally, he made the $3,000 quilt sale too. By now, Conrad has had a chance to have a heart-to-heart talk—that is the only kind of talk you could have with Conrad, and especially in Heaven—with his daughter Kate, who passed away several years ago. I picture him play-ing golf in Heaven, where he is learning firsthand that some of those stories about clergy playing golf are true. I bet he even has a use for a saddle again and is still keeping up on the ag futures. Conrad, you have been missed and will be missed as your memory reminds and inspires us. Your family is in our prayers as we grieve and celebrate your life along with them. 
f 
REMEMBERING BOB BENNETT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, unfortu-nately, last week we also lost another former colleague, Senator Bob Bennett of Utah. There are 1,000 reasons to cele-brate the life of Senator Bob Bennett, but I will only mention a few. While he was the consummate effec-tive Senator, his love for his faith, his family, and his friends really made him special. He was a man who lived by ex-ample. He was quiet but effective. He mentored me and many others by giv-ing gentle, timely suggestions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.021 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2649 May 9, 2016 
His presentations at the Prayer Breakfasts helped us to know him and his faith better. He demonstrated what he learned at church and, particularly, on his mission, and he was willing to share that with us to help our lives. But his life was a living example of his faith. He also probably never realized the difference he made in people’s lives with his involvement with the Frank-lin Planner alone. I know he never re-alized the difference he made daily as he worked with people on legislation, much of which he never got credit for, but he was effective in making sure it got done in a reasonable way. He had a special talent for speaking and presenting. He could take numbers from the Joint Economic Committee, which he chaired, and make them un-derstandable to his colleagues. That is an unmatched talent. People go to sleep with numbers. His experience in small business gave him the ability to make people understand how small businesses operate, how they get their employees, the difficulties of buying things in advance that they don’t know they are going to sell, and how critical that is to the U.S. economy. He recog-nized and made a case like no other person for how important small busi-ness was as the engine of our economy. Yes, Bob, you have been missed, and you are missed. Your family is in our prayers, and we grieve with them. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESPONSE ACT OF 2015 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Cal-endar No. 155, S. 546. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 546) to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Oper-ational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RE-SPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommenda-tions on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials in-cidents involving railroads, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the Heitkamp substitute amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3889) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 546), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. f 
AMENDING THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ORGANIZATION ACT AND THE LOCAL PUBLIC WORKS CAPITAL DEVELOPMENT AND IN-VESTMENT ACT OF 1976 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 4238, which was received from the House and is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4238) to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and In-vestment Act of 1976 to modernize terms re-lating to minorities. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4238) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF WORLD MALARIA DAY Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 451, S. Res. 436. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 436) supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with an amendment to the preamble, as follows: (Strike the preamble and insert the part printed in italic.) 
S. R ES. 436 Whereas April 25 of each year is recognized internationally as World Malaria Day; Whereas malaria is a leading cause of death and disease in many developing countries, de-spite being preventable and treatable; Whereas fighting malaria is in the national interest of the United States, as reducing the risk of malaria protects members of the Armed Forces and other people of the United States serving overseas in malaria-endemic regions, and reducing malaria deaths helps to lower risks of instability in less developed countries; Whereas the elimination of malaria remains a bipartisan priority of the United States Govern-ment; Whereas, on December 14, 2006, President George W. Bush stated at the White House Ma-laria Summit, ‘‘So we are acting, and we’re leading. And with partners across the world, we are helping the people of Africa turn the tide against malaria. The goal of defeating malaria is a challenging goal, yet it can be done. It’s not going to require a miracle, it just requires a smart, sustained, focused effort.’’; Whereas, on September 27, 2015, President Barack Obama stated at the United Nations General Assembly, ‘‘Billions of our fellow human beings are at risk of dying from diseases that we know how to prevent. Many children are just one mosquito bite away from death. And that is a moral outrage. It is a profound in-justice. It is literally a matter of life and death, and now the world must act.’’; Whereas support for efforts to fight malaria is in the diplomatic and moral interest of the United States, as that support generates good-will toward the United States and highlights the values of the people of the United States through the work of governmental, nongovern-mental, and faith-based organizations of the United States; Whereas efforts to fight malaria are in the long-term economic interest of the United States because those efforts help developing coun-tries— (1) identify at-risk populations; (2) provide a framework for critical emergency disease treatment; (3) provide better health services; (4) increase local governance needed to ad-dress substandard and counterfeit medicines that exacerbate malaria resistance; (5) produce healthier and more productive workforces; (6) advance economic development; and (7) promote stronger trading partners; Whereas, in 2015, malaria transmission oc-curred in 95 countries and territories; Whereas an estimated 3,200,000,000 people are at risk for malaria, with 214,000,000 active cases, the vast majority of whom are in sub-Saharan Africa, which accounts for 90 percent of malaria deaths in the world; Whereas young children and pregnant women are particularly vulnerable to and dispropor-tionately affected by malaria; Whereas malaria greatly affects the health of children, as children under the age of 5 account for an estimated 70 percent of malaria deaths each year; Whereas malaria poses great risks to maternal and neonatal health, causing complications during delivery, anemia, and low birth weights; Whereas heightened national, regional, and international efforts to prevent and treat ma-laria during recent years have made significant progress and helped save hundreds of thousands of lives; Whereas the World Malaria Report 2015 by the World Health Organization states that, in 2014, approximately 55 percent of people in sub- Saharan Africa slept under an insecticide-treat-ed mosquito net, and household surveys indi-cated that 90 percent of people used an insecti-cide-treated mosquito net if such a net was available in the household; Whereas, in 2014, approximately 116,000,000 people were protected by indoor residual spray-ing; Whereas the World Malaria Report 2015 fur-ther states that, between 2000 and 2015— (1) malaria mortality rates decreased by 60 percent around the world; (2) in the African Region of the World Health Organization, malaria mortality rates decreased by 66 percent; and (3) an estimated 6,200,000 malaria deaths were averted globally, primarily as a result of in-creased interventions; Whereas the World Malaria Report 2015 fur-ther states that, out of 95 countries and terri-tories with ongoing transmission of malaria in 2015— (1) 10 countries are classified as being in the pre-elimination phase; (2) 10 countries are classified as being in the elimination phase; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.023 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2650 May 9, 2016 
(3) 9 countries are classified as being in the prevention of malaria reintroduction phase of malaria control; Whereas continued national, regional, and international investment in efforts to eliminate malaria, including prevention and treatment ef-forts, the development of a vaccine to immunize children from the malaria parasite, and ad-vancements in insecticides, are critical in order to— (1) continue to reduce malaria deaths; (2) prevent backsliding in areas where progress has been made; and (3) equip the United States and the global community with the tools necessary to fight ma-laria and other global health threats; Whereas the United States Government has played a leading role in the recent progress made toward reducing the global burden of ma-laria, particularly through the President’s Ma-laria Initiative (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘PMI’’) and the contribution of the United States to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuber-culosis, and Malaria; Whereas, in 2011, an independent, external evaluation, prepared by Boston University, ex-amining 6 objectives of the PMI, found the PMI to be a successful, well-led program that has ‘‘earned and deserves the task of sustaining and expanding the United States Government’s re-sponse to global malaria control efforts’’; Whereas the PMI Strategy 2015-2020 articu-lates the malaria goal of the United States Gov-ernment of working with countries and partners to further reduce malaria deaths and substan-tially decrease malaria morbidity, towards the long-term goal of elimination; Whereas the United States Government is pur-suing a comprehensive approach to ending ma-laria deaths through the PMI, which is led by the United States Agency for International De-velopment and implemented with assistance from the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, the Department of State, the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, the Na-tional Institutes of Health, the Department of Defense, and private sector entities; Whereas the PMI focuses on helping partner countries achieve major improvements in overall health outcomes through improved access to, and quality of, healthcare services in locations with limited resources; and Whereas the PMI, recognizing the burden of malaria on many partner countries, has set a target by 2020 of reducing malaria mortality by 
1⁄3from 2015 levels in PMI-supported countries, achieving a greater than 80 percent reduction from original 2000 baseline levels set by the PMI, reducing malaria morbidity in PMI-supported countries by 40 percent from 2015 levels, and as-sisting not fewer than 5 PMI-supported coun-tries to meet the criteria of the World Health Or-ganization for national or sub-national pre- elimination: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; (2) recognizes the importance of reducing malaria prevalence and deaths to improve overall child and maternal health, especially in sub-Saharan Africa; (3) commends the recent progress made to-ward reducing global malaria morbidity, mortality, and prevalence, particularly through the efforts of the President’s Ma-laria Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria; (4) welcomes ongoing public-private part-nerships to research and develop more effec-tive and affordable tools for malaria diag-nosis, treatment, and vaccination; (5) recognizes the goals, priorities, and au-thorities to combat malaria set forth in the Tom Lantos and Henry J. Hyde United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–293; 122 Stat. 2918); (6) supports continued leadership by the United States in bilateral, multilateral, and private sector efforts to combat malaria and to work with developing countries to create long-term strategies to increase ownership over malaria programs; and (7) encourages other members of the inter-national community to sustain and increase their support for and financial contributions to efforts to combat malaria worldwide. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be agreed to; the committee-reported amendment to the preamble be agreed to; the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 436) was agreed to. The committee-reported amendment to the preamble in the nature of a sub-stitute was agreed to. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE PUBLIC TRUST Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I rise this evening to read into the R
ECORD a por-tion of the New York Times Magazine profile yesterday of Ben Rhodes, Dep-uty National Security Advisor to President Obama. Before reading the article, though, ti-tled ‘‘The Story-Teller and the Presi-dent,’’ I wish to explain briefly why I think this piece is so important for us to consider in this Chamber. We live in a time of precipitous change, both in American Government and in communications more broadly. We don’t admit it enough in this body, but the Congress in the last decade- plus is extraordinarily weak by histor-ical standards. At the same time, the media is rapidly fragmenting. These two vacuums are being filled by the ex-ecutive branch in ways that are badly damaging, both to the separation of powers and to the idea of a meaning-fully engaged citizenry. There can be little doubt that our Founders would be troubled by what is occurring in our time. Washington is in the process of re-placing self-evident truths with self- serving spin, and this is dangerous, for no one is entitled to his or her own facts. I sit intentionally at the desk of Daniel Patrick Moynihan in this body precisely because he was committed to the idea of a shared set of facts before our debates began. Yet this story makes clear that the executive branch feels empowered to proclaim its own narratives. This is bigger than Republicans and Democrats. This is about the legisla-ture’s check on the Executive, and it is about all of our accountability in this city to the people. To my Democratic colleagues who supported the Iran deal, does it trouble you at all that the White House displays obvious contempt for you? For your voters and for my voters, will you stand for this kind of fundamentally dishonest spin from fu-ture Republican administrations—be-cause I pledge to you that I will not from any administration of either party. Some will say this is just one story of one staffer who wanted to brag and got carried away—someone who wanted to boast about if the whole world could be his canvas, but we should be clear that it is ultimately elected officials who bear responsibility for the ongoing evaporation of public trust in our time. I want to underscore this point. These, my comments tonight, are not about whether you share the Presi-dent’s view that the Iranian nuclear deal was a prudent move or whether you share my view that it was a dis-aster. That is not the point at issue today. Obviously, foreign policy is critically important, but this story to-night is about whether we take truth seriously. It is about whether we care about the public trust. There is a widespread view around here that our chief job is ‘‘to pass legis-lation.’’ That is incorrect. Our main job, and indeed the oath we took, is to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-stitution, which is about limited gov-ernment and about the separation of powers. Our job is to ensure that the Nation is well governed and that the public can believe that the public can have trust and confidence that the Nation is well governed. This necessarily means that oversight is at least as important as passing or repealing particular pieces of legislation. This horrific story should be a screaming siren to all of us of both parties. Newsrooms are obviously still strug-gling to understand what vigorous and independent reporting will look like in the digital age, but it remains true that freedom that ordered liberty will remain dependent on an informed citi-zenry, and that requires a serious and a free press. Good journalism, serious journalism, that takes actual facts se-riously and then grapples with those facts honestly, is an important and a high calling. I plan to read about one-fourth of this New York Times piece into the R
ECORD , but please note that I will skip over many proper names for ease of audible understanding. Picking up then about 40 percent of the way into the profile, the story continues: 
The job he [Ben Rhodes] was hired to do, [was] namely to help the President of the United States communicate with the public, [and this job] was changing in equally sig-nificant ways, thanks to the impact of dig-ital technologies that people in Washington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MY6.034 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2651 May 9, 2016 
were just beginning to wrap their minds around. It is hard for many of us to absorb the true magnitude of the changes in the news business—40 percent of newspaper in-dustry professionals have lost their jobs [in-side] the last decade—in part because readers can absorb all [forms of new] news they want from social media platforms like Facebook, which are valued in the tens and hundreds of billions of dollars and pay nothing for the [so-called] ‘‘content’’ they provide to their readers. You have to have skin in the game— [that is] to be in the news business, or de-pend in a life-or-death way on its products— to understand the radical and qualitative ways in which words appear in familiar typefaces [but have yet] been changed. Rhodes [was singling] out a key example to me one day, laced with the brutal contempt that is a hallmark of his private utterances. ‘‘All these newspapers used to have foreign bureaus,’’ he said. ‘‘[But] now they don’t. They call us to explain to them what’s hap-pening in Moscow [or in] Cairo. [And] most of the outlets are reporting on world events from Washington. The average reporter we talk to is [just] 27 years old, and their only reporting experience consists of being around [a few] political campaigns. That’s a sea change. They literally know nothing.’’ In this environment, Rhodes has become adept at ventriloquizing many people at once. Ned Price, Rhodes’s assistant, gave me a primer on the way it’s done. The easiest way for the White House to shape the news, he explained, is [just] from the briefing podi-ums, each of which has its own dedicated press corps. ‘‘But then there are [all of these force] multipliers,’’ he said, adding, ‘‘We have our compadres, [and I] reach out to a couple [of] people, and you know I wouldn’t wanted to name them—’’ [I interrupt him and I say] ‘‘I can name them,’’ [and I tick] off a few names of promi-nent Washington reporters and columnists who often tweet in sync with [the] White House[’s] messaging [operation]. Price [laughs]. ‘‘I’ll say, ‘Hey, look, some people are spinning this narrative that this is a sign of . . . weakness,’’’ he [continues]. [And I interrupt again] ‘‘but—’’ ‘‘In fact, it’s a sign of strength!’’ I [say, chuckling with him]. ‘‘And I’ll give them some color,’’ Price [continues] ‘‘and the next thing I know, lots of these guys are in the dot-com publishing space, and [they] have [their] huge Twitter followings, and [then] they’ll be putting this message [as their own].’’ This is something different from old-fash-ioned spin, which tended to be an art best practiced in person. In a world where experi-enced reporters competed for scoops and where carrying water for the White House was a cause for shame, no matter which party was in power, it was much harder to sustain a ‘‘narrative’’ over any serious pe-riod of time. Now the most effectively weaponized 140-character idea or quote will almost always carry the day, and it [will be] very difficult for even good reporters to nec-essarily know where the spin is coming from or why. When I later visited Obama’s former cam-paign mastermind David Axelrod in Chicago, I brought up the soft Orwellian vibe of an in-formation space where old media structures and hierarchies have been erased by Silicon Valley billionaires who convinced the suck-ers that information was ‘‘free’’ and every-one with access to Google was now a re-porter. Axelrod, a former newspaperman, sighed. ‘‘It’s not as easy as standing in front of a press conference and speaking to 70 mil-lion people like past presidents have been able to do,’’ he said. The bully pulpit by and large doesn’t exist anymore, he explained. ‘‘So more and more, over the last couple of years, there’s been an investment in alter-native means of communication: using dig-ital more effectively, going to nontraditional sources, understanding where on each issue your constituencies are going to be found,’’ he said. ‘‘I think they’ve approached these major foreign policy challenges as campaign challenges, and they’ve run campaigns, and [their] campaigns have been very sophisti-cated.’’ Rhodes’s innovative campaign to sell the Iran deal is likely to be a model for how fu-ture administrations explain foreign policy to the Congress— 
Note that. The administration is going to have to campaign to the Con-gress— 
and the public. The way in which most Americans have heard the story of the Iran deal presented—that the Obama administra-tion began seriously engaging with the Ira-nian officials in 2013 in order to take advan-tage of a new political reality in Iran, which came about because of elections that brought [so-called] moderates to power in that country—[this story of 2013] was largely manufactured [‘‘manufactured’’ is their verb] for the purpose of selling the deal. Even where the particulars of that story are true, the implications that readers and view-ers are encouraged to take away from those particulars are often misleading [and] false. Obama’s closest advisers always understood him to be eager [for] a deal with Iran [back in 2012] and even since the beginning of his presidency. ‘‘It’s the center of the arc,’’ Rhodes explained to me two days after the deal, officially known as the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, was implemented. He then checked off the ways in which the administration’s foreign policy aims and pri-orities converged [in] Iran. ‘‘We don’t have to be [in the kind of] cycles of conflict if we can find other ways to resolve these issues,’’ he said. ‘‘We can do things that challenge the conventional thinking that, you know, ‘AIPAC doesn’t like this,’ or ‘the Israeli gov-ernment doesn’t like this,’ or ‘the gulf coun-tries don’t like it.’ It’s the possibility of im-proved relations with adversaries. It’s non-proliferation. So all these threads that the president’s been spinning—[and in this sense I don’t mean it] in the press sense [of spin-ning, spinning] for almost a decade, they kind of all converged around Iran.’’ In the narrative that Rhodes shaped, the ‘‘story’’ of the Iran deal began in 2013, when a ‘‘moderate’’ faction inside the Iranian re-gime led by Hassan Rouhani beat a regime of [so-called] ‘‘hardliners’’ in an election and then began to pursue a policy of ‘‘openness,’’ which included a newfound willingness to ne-gotiate the dismantling of its [so-called] nu-clear weapons program. The president set out the timeline himself in his speech an-nouncing the nuclear deal on July 14, 2015, [President Obama]: ‘‘Today, after two years of negotiations, the United States, together with our international partners, has achieved something that decades of animos-ity has not.’’ While the president’s state-ment was technically accurate—there had in fact been two years of formal negotiations leading up to the signing of the J.C.P.O.A.— it was also actively misleading, because the most meaningful part of the negotiations with Iran [were from mid-2012] many months before Rouhani and the ‘‘moderate’’ camp were chosen in an election among candidates handpicked by Iran’s supreme leader, the Ayatollah. . . . The idea that there was a new reality in Iran was politically useful to the Obama administration. By obtaining broad public currency for the thought that there was a significant split in the regime, and that the administration was reaching out to moderate-minded Iranians who want-ed peaceful relations with their neighbors and with America, Obama was [therefore] able to evade what might have otherwise been a divisive but clarifying debate over the actual policy choices that [the] administra-tion was making. I want to repeat that sentence, by misleading the public on the date on which negotiations began and therefore seizing upon this election that hap-pened a year later, ‘‘Obama was able to evade what might have otherwise been a divisive but clarifying debate over the actual policy choices that [the] ad-ministration was making.’’ 
By eliminating the fuss about Iran’s nu-clear program, the administration hoped to eliminate a source of structural tension be-tween the two countries, which would create the space for America to disentangle itself from its established system of alliances with countries like Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Israel and Turkey. With one bold move, the admin-istration would effectively begin the process of a large-scale disengagement from the Mid-dle East. The nerve center for the selling of the Iran deal to Congress, which took place in a con-centrated three-month period between July and September of last year, was located in-side the White House, and is referred to by its former denizens as ‘‘the war room.’’ The White House Office of Legislative Affairs helped run the team, which included three to six people from each of several agencies . . . which were the State Department, Treasury, the American delegation to the United Na-tions (i.e., Samantha Power), at times . . . the Department of Defense and also the De-partment of Energy and the National Secu-rity Council. Rhodes ‘‘was kind of like the quarterback,’’ running the daily video con-ferences and coming up with lines of attack and parry. ‘‘He was extremely good about immediately getting to a phrase or a way of getting the message out that just made more sense,’’ [staff members report]. Framing the deal as a choice between peace and war was Rhodes’s go-to move—and proved to be a winning argument. 
And just to be clear, that wasn’t the choice. The choice wasn’t between war and peace, and they knew it. They were spinning the public, the press, and the Congress. 
The person [credited] with running the dig-ital side of the campaign . . . the director of digital response for the White House Office of Digital Strategy, . . . became known in the war room and on Twitter as @TheIranDeal. 
That is the Twitter handle. 
Early on, Rhodes asked her to create a rapid-response account that fact-checked ev-erything related to the Iran deal. ‘‘So, we de-veloped a plan that was like: The Iran deal is literally going to be the tip of everything we stand up online,’’ [we were told]. ‘‘And we’re going to map it onto what we [already] know about the different audiences we’re dealing with: the public, pundits, experts, the right wing, Congress.’’ By applying 21st century data and networking tools to the white glove world of foreign affairs, the White House was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.046 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2652 May 9, 2016 
able to track what United States senators and the people who worked for them, and in-fluenced them, were seeing [at different mo-ments] online—and make sure that no poten-tial negative comment passed without a tweet. As she explained how the process worked, I was struck by how naive the assumption of a ‘‘state of nature’’ must seem in an informa-tion environment that is mediated less and less by experienced editors and reporters with any real prior knowledge of the subjects they write about. ‘‘People construct their own sense of source and credibility now,’’ [the staffer told me]. ‘‘They elect whoever they’re going to believe.’’ For those in need of more traditional-seeming forms of valida-tion, handpicked Beltway insiders like Jef-frey Goldberg of The Atlantic and Laura Rozen of Al-Monitor helped retail the admin-istration’s narrative. ‘‘Laura Rozen was my RSS feed,’’ [the staffer said]. ‘‘She would just find everything and retweet it.’’ Rhodes’s messaging campaign was so effec-tive not simply because it was a perfectly planned and executed example of digital strategy, but also because he was personally involved in guiding the deal itself. 
In the interest of time, I am going to skip over a few paragraphs that tell how Jake Sullivan and other adminis-tration players traveled to Oman to se-cretly meet with the Iranians in the summer of 2012. 
The White House point person during the later stage of the negotiations was Rob Malley, a favored troubleshooter who is cur-rently running negotiations that could keep the Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad in power. During the course of the Iran talks, Malley told me, he always kept in close con-tact with Rhodes. ‘‘I would often just call him and say, ‘Give me a reality check,’’’ Malley explained. ‘‘He could say, ‘Here is where I think the president is, and here is where he will be.’’’ He continued, ‘‘Ben would try to anticipate: Does it make sense policywise? But then he would also ask him-self: How do we sell it Congress? How do we sell it to the public? What is it going to do to our narrative?’’ Malley is a particularly keen observer of the changing art of political communication; his father . . . who was born in Cairo, edited [a] politics magazine . . . and proudly pro-vided a platform for Fidel Castro and Yasir Arafat, in the days when the leaders’ words might take [several] weeks to travel from Cuba or Cairo to Paris. ‘‘The Iran experience was the place where I saw firsthand how pol-icy, politics and messaging all had to be brought together, and I think that Ben is really at the intersection of all three. He re-flects and he shapes [all three] at the same time.’’ As Malley and representatives of the State Department, including Wendy Sherman and Secretary of State John Kerry, engaged in formal negotiations with the Iranians, to ratify details of a framework that had al-ready been agreed upon, Rhodes’s war room did its work on Capitol Hill and with report-ers. In the spring of last year, legions of arms-control experts began popping up at think tanks and on social media, and then became key sources for hundreds of often- clueless reporters. ‘‘We created an echo chamber,’’ he admitted, when I asked him to explain the onslaught of freshly minted ex-perts [who were] cheerleading for the deal. [He continued:] ‘‘They were saying things that validated what we had given them to say.’’ When I suggested that all this dark metafictional play seemed a bit removed from rational debate over America’s future role in the world, Rhodes nodded. ‘‘In the ab-sence of rational discourse, we are going to discourse the [expletive] out of this,’’ he said. ‘‘We had test drives to know who was going to be able to carry our message effec-tively, and how to use outside groups like Ploughshares, the Iran Project and whom-ever else [they needed to use]. So we knew the tactics that worked’’ [he said]. He is [very] proud of the way he sold the Iran deal. ‘‘We drove them crazy,’’ he said of the deal’s opponents. Yet Rhodes bridled at the suggestion that there has been anything deceptive about the way the agreement itself was sold. ‘‘Look,’’ [he said] ‘‘with Iran, in a weird way, these are state-to-state issues. They’re agreements between governments. Yes, I would prefer that it turns out that Rouhani and Zarif . . . are real reformers who are going to be steer-ing this country into the direction I believe it can go in, because their public is educated and, in some respects, pro-American. But we are not betting on [any of] that.’’ Do you all remember what we heard last summer when they were testifying before us? We never heard this. We never heard this was the spin, but they didn’t actually believe it. But now here, when the guy’s thinking about his next step in life, we hear the real story. I will continue. 
In fact, Rhodes’s passion seems to derive not from any investment in the technical specifics of sanctions or centrifuge arrays, or any particular optimism about the future course of Iranian politics and society. Those are matters for the negotiators and area spe-cialists. Rather, it derived from his own sense of urgency of radically reorienting American policy in the Middle East in order to make the prospect of American involve-ment in the region’s future wars a lot less likely. When I asked him whether the pros-pect of this same kind of far-reaching spin campaign being run by a different adminis-tration is something that scares him, he ad-mitted that it does. ‘‘I mean, I’d prefer a sober, reasoned public debate, after which members of Congress reflect and take a vote. . . . But that’s impossible’’ [he concluded]. 
Mr. President, truth is bigger than talking points, and self-government de-serves more than spin. Does President Obama think there is such a thing as domestic propaganda? Does he think it is OK? Do we in this Chamber think it is OK? I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 2:15 P.M. TOMORROW Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order as a further mark of respect to the late Senators Conrad Burns of Montana and Bob Bennett of Utah. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:10 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 10, 2016, at 2:15 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MY6.048 S09MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE653 May 9, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 10, 2016 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 11 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine leveraging the United States science and tech-nology enterprise. SR–253 Committee on Finance To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Customs and Border Protection agency. SD–215 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the Admin-istration’s overtime rule and the rising costs of doing business. SR–428A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1163, to amend the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and re-authorization to ensure the survival and continuing vitality of Native American languages, S. 2580, to estab-lish the Indian Education Agency to streamline the administration of In-dian education, and S. 2739, to provide for equitable compensation to the Spo-kane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam; to be imme-diately followed by hearings to exam-ine S. 2417, to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow the In-dian Health Service to cover the cost of a copayment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and S. 2842, to amend and reform the Johnson-O’Malley Act to award contracts to certain tribal or-ganizations, Indian corporations, school districts, States, and consortia of tribal organizations. SD–628 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law To hold hearings to examine the pro-posed Federal Communications Com-mission privacy rules. SD–226 3 p.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Charles P. Blahous, III, and Robert D. Reischauer, both of Mary-land, both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital In-surance Trust Fund, a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old- Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund, and a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Sup-plementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. SD–215 MAY 12 9 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine due process in administrative hearings. SD–342 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Susan Faye Beard, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Energy. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine America’s role in the world. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 2348, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, S. 2577, to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence sam-ples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the inno-cent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and med-ical examiner offices, to address train-ing and equipment needs, to improve the performance of counsel in State capital cases, S. 2840, to amend the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and the nominations of Ron-ald G. Russell, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Utah, Inga S. Bernstein, to be United States District Judge for the District of Mas-sachusetts, Stephanie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, and Suzanne Mitchell, and Scott L. Palk, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 MAY 13 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 MAY 17 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the status of advanced nuclear technologies. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife To hold hearings to examine marine de-bris and wildlife, focusing on impacts, sources, and solutions. SD–406 2:30 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine America’s insatiable demand for drugs, focusing on assessing the Federal response. SD–342 MAY 19 
2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management’s 2017– 2022 OCS Oil and Gas Leasing Program. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09MY8.000 E09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE654 May 9, 2016 
MAY 24 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine under-standing the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal. SD–538 MAY 25 2:30 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine under-standing the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal, focusing on Administra-tion perspectives. SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09MY8.000 E09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D468 Monday, May 9, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2605–S2652 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2900–2907, and S. Res. 456–459.
                                               Pages S2625–26 
Measures Reported: S. 1331, to help enhance commerce through im-proved seasonal forecasts, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–248) S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimi-nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay initia-tive, for improved detection, prevention, and recov-ery of improper payments to deceased individuals, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–249) S. 1846, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to secure critical infrastructure against electro-magnetic threats, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–250) S. 1915, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–251) H.R. 2494, to support global anti-poaching ef-forts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute.
                                                  Page S2625 
Measures Passed: Relative to the Death of Former Senator Conrad Burns: Senate agreed to S. Res. 457, relative to the death of Conrad Ray Burns, former United States Senator for the State of Montana.
                      Page S2645 
Relative to the Death of Former Senator Robert Bennett: Senate agreed to S. Res. 458, relative to the death of Robert F. Bennett, former Senator of the State of Utah.
                                                      Page S2645 
RESPONSE Act: Senate passed S. 546, to estab-lish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RE-SPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to haz-ardous materials incidents involving railroads, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:                                                                            Page S2649 
Enzi (for Heitkamp) Amendment No. 3889, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S2649 
Amending the Department of Energy Organiza-tion Act and the Local Public Works Capital De-velopment and Investment Act of 1976: Senate passed H.R. 4238, to amend the Department of En-ergy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities.
        Page S2649 
World Malaria Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 436, supporting the goals and ideals of World Ma-laria Day.
                                                               Pages S2649–50 
Measures Considered: ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT—AGREEMENT: Senate resumed consider-ation of H.R. 2028, making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amendments proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S2611–15 
Withdrawn: Alexander Amendment No. 3804 (to Amendment No. 3801), to modify provisions relating to Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees.
                       Pages S2611–15 
Pending: Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S2611 
McConnell (for Cotton) Amendment No. 3878 (to Amendment No. 3801), of a perfecting nature. 
                                                                                            Page S2615 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Cotton) Amendment No. 3878 (to Amendment No. 3801) (listed above), and, in ac-cordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, May 11, 2015.
              Page S2615 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MY6.REC D09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D469 May 9, 2016 
occur upon disposition of McConnell (for Cotton) Amendment No. 3878 (to Amendment No. 3801) (listed above).
                                                               Page S2615 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 66), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801.
                                  Pages S2614–15 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on Alex-ander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801.
         Page S2615 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, May 10, 2016; that the filing deadline for first-degree amendments, under rule XXII, to Alexander/Feinstein Amend-ment No. 3801, be at 2:30 p.m.
                       Page S2645 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2622 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2622 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2622 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2622 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2622–24 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2624–25 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2626–28 Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2628–30 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2619–22 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2630–32 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2632 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—66)
                                                           Pages S2614–15 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Senator Conrad Burns and the late Sen-ator Robert Bennett, in accordance with S. Res. 457 and S. Res. 458, at 7:10 p.m., until 2:15 p.m. on Tuesday, May 10, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2652.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland met in closed session and approved for full com-mittee consideration, those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee, of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2017. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, May 10, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D410) 
H.R. 1670, to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair hon-oring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. Signed on April 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–147) H.R. 2722, to require the Secretary of the Treas-ury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. Signed on April 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–148) S. 719, to rename the Armed Forces Reserve Cen-ter in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. Signed on April 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–149) S. 1638, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to submit to Congress information on the De-partment of Homeland Security headquarters consoli-dation project in the National Capital Region. Signed on April 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–150) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MY6.REC D09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD470 May 9, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 10, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 9:30 a.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Personnel, business meeting to mark-up those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2017, 11 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 2 p.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 3:30 p.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National De-fense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 5:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Peggy E. Gustafson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Depart-ment of Commerce, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine if evidence based practices improve outcomes for vulnerable individuals and families, 2 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine terrorism and instability in Sub-Saharan Africa, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine understanding dyslexia, focus-ing on the intersection of scientific research and edu-cation, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine reauthorization of the FISA Amendments Act, focusing on the balance between national security, pri-vacy, and civil liberties, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Will President Obama Prioritize the Release of Prisoners of Conscience in Viet-nam?’’, 4 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4641, to provide for the establishment of an inter-agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5046, the ‘‘Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 10 through May 13, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 2:15 p.m., Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: May 10, Subcommittee on SeaPower, closed business meeting to markup those pro-visions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 9:30 a.m., SR–232A. May 10, Subcommittee on Personnel, business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 11 a.m., SD–G50. May 10, Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 2 p.m., SD–G50. May 10, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-pabilities, business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 3:30 p.m., SD–G50. May 10, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 5:30 p.m., SR–232A. May 11, Full Committee, closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. May 12, Full Committee, closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. May 13, Full Committee, closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2017, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 10, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Peggy E. Gustafson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, De-partment of Commerce, 10 a.m., SR–253. May 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine leveraging the United States science and technology en-terprise, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 12, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Susan Faye 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MY6.REC D09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D471 May 9, 2016 Beard, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the De-partment of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: May 10, to hold hearings to ex-amine if evidence based practices improve outcomes for vulnerable individuals and families, 2 p.m., SD–215. May 11, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Customs and Border Protection agency, 10 a.m., SD–215. May 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Charles P. Blahous, III, and Robert D. Reischauer, both of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, and a Mem-ber of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, 3 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 10, to hold hearings to examine terrorism and instability in Sub-Saharan Afri-ca, 10 a.m., SD–419. May 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine America’s role in the world, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: May 10, to hold hearings to examine understanding dyslexia, focusing on the intersection of scientific research and edu-cation, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: May 12, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine due process in administrative hearings, 9 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: May 11, business meeting to consider S. 1163, to amend the Native American Pro-grams Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and reauthoriza-tion to ensure the survival and continuing vitality of Na-tive American languages, S. 2580, to establish the Indian Education Agency to streamline the administration of In-dian education, and S. 2739, to provide for equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spo-kane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the produc-tion of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam; to be im-mediately followed by hearings to examine S. 2417, to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copay-ment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and S. 2842, to amend and reform the Johnson- O’Malley Act to award contracts to certain tribal organi-zations, Indian corporations, school districts, States, and consortia of tribal organizations, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: May 10, to hold an oversight hearing to examine reauthorization of the FISA Amend-ments Act, focusing on the balance between national se-curity, privacy, and civil liberties, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. May 11, Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law, to hold hearings to examine the proposed Federal Communications Commission privacy rules, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. May 12, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 2348, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, S. 2577, to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and develop-ment of new testing technologies, to develop new train-ing programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and medical exam-iner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the performance of counsel in State capital cases, S. 2840, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and the nomina-tions of Ronald G. Russell, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, Inga S. Bernstein, to be United States District Judge for the District of Massachu-setts, Stephanie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, and Suzanne Mitchell, and Scott L. Palk, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: May 11, to hold hearings to examine the Administration’s over-time rule and the rising costs of doing business, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 10, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. May 12, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, May 12, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The Retailer Perspective’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, May 11, Subcommittee on Defense, markup on the Defense Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 5:30 p.m., H–140 Capitol. This markup will be closed. Committee on Armed Services, May 11, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. In-dustry Perspectives on the Department of Defense’s Poli-cies, Roles and Responsibilities for Foreign Military Sales’’, 10 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 11, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Health Care So-lutions: Increasing Patient Choice and Plan Innovation’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. May 11, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Daily Fantasy Sports: Issues and Perspectives’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. May 11, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, markup on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MY6.REC D09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD472 May 9, 2016 of 2016’’; and H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Tech-nology Development Act of 2016’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Ray-burn. May 12, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, markup on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Tech-nology Development Act of 2016’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. May 13, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Concussions in Youth Sports: Evaluating Prevention and Research’’, 9:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, May 12, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: A Comparison of the United Kingdom and United States Models for Affordable Hous-ing’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 11, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘FY 2017 Budget Priorities for South Asia: Recovery, Development, and Engagement’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 11, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Role in Helping Nigeria Con-front Boko Haram and Other Threats in Northern Nige-ria’’, 2:30 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. May 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism, Missiles and Corruption: The Risks of Economic Engage-ment with Iran’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, May 12, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Following the Money: Examining Current Terrorist Fi-nancing Trends and the Threat to the Homeland’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, May 11, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5063, the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. May 12, Task Force on Executive Overreach, hearing entitled ‘‘Executive Overreach in Foreign Affairs’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, May 12, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 3565, the ‘‘California Coastal National Monument Expansion Act’’; H.R. 3839, the ‘‘Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act’’; H.R. 4233, to eliminate an unused lighthouse res-ervation, provide management consistency by incor-porating the rocks and small islands along the coast of Orange County, California, into the California Coastal National Monument managed by the Bureau of Land Management, and meet the original Congressional intent of preserving Orange County’s rocks and small islands, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5132, to adjust the eastern boundary of the Whychus-Deschutes Wilderness Study Area in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire pre-vention and response activities to protect adjacent private property, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. May 12, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Local and State Perspectives on BLM’s Draft Planning 2.0 Rule’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 11, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reforming the Postal Service: Finding a Viable Solution’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. May 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Management Practices and Misconduct at TSA: Part II’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 12, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘D.C. Home Rule: Examining the Intent of Congress in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act of 1973’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 13, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Subcommittee on National Security, joint hearing en-titled ‘‘Incorporating Social Media into Federal Back-ground Investigations’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 11, Sub-committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Energy Oversight: Office of Fossil Energy’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. May 12, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘FDIC Data Breaches: Can Americans Trust that Their Private Banking Information Is Secure?’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, May 11, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Inspiring Entrepreneurs: Learning from the Experts’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. May 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The New Faces of American Manufacturing’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, May 12, Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Controlling the Rising Cost of Federal Responses to Dis-aster’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, May 11, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, markup on H.R. 3286, the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’; H.R. 4138, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup relocation expenses paid to or on behalf of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; a draft of the ‘‘Veterans Education Enhancement Act of 2016’’; a draft of the ‘‘Veterans Success on Campus Act of 2016’’; a draft bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a research program to evaluate the effective-ness of Transition Assistance Program in addressing needs of certain minority veterans; and a draft of the ‘‘GI Bill Oversight Act of 2016’’, 11 a.m., 334 Cannon. May 11, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, markup on H.R. 4892, to amend title 38, United States Code, to pay special compensation to certain veterans with the loss or loss of use of creative or-gans; H.R. 3715, the ‘‘Final Farewell Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4758, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the award of the Presidential Memorial Certificate to cer-tain deceased members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and certain deceased members of the Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps; H.R. 4087, the ‘‘Fair Treatment for Families of Veterans Act’’; H.R. 4759, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to pay costs relating to the transportation of certain deceased veterans to veterans’ cemeteries owned by a State or tribal organization; H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MY6.REC D09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D473 May 9, 2016 4782, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Ad-justment Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4757, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in pri-vate cemeteries; and H.R. 3936, the ‘‘VET Act’’, 1 p.m., 334 Cannon. May 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Crisis: Evaluating Efforts to Prevent Veteran Suicide’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, May 11, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5170, the ‘‘Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act’’; H.R. 2990, the ‘‘Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act’’; H.R. 5169, the ‘‘What Works to Move Welfare Recipients into Jobs Act’’; H.R. 2959, the ‘‘TANF Accountability and Integ-rity Improvement Act’’; H.R. 2966, the ‘‘Reducing Pov-erty through Employment Act’’; and H.R. 2952, the ‘‘Improving Employment Outcomes of TANF Recipients Act’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. May 11, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reau-thorization Act of 2015 (MACRA)’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Long-worth. May 12, Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing on Member proposals for improvements to the U.S. tax sys-tem, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, May 12, Full Committee, business meeting to consider an access re-quest, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This meeting will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MY6.REC D09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD474 May 9, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2:15 p.m., Tuesday, May 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. The filing deadline for first-degree amendments to Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, is at 2:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE PF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Tuesday, May 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09MY6.REC D09MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST