Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1391 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 2016 No. 42 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
OST). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 16, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEBOST to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
WIDESPREAD FLOODING IN LOUISIANA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to draw attention to my home State of Louisiana, where thousands of people throughout the State, and in my congressional district particularly, are dealing with the aftermath of wide-spread flooding. Beginning on Wednesday of last week, heavy rains began falling across northeast Louisiana. By Friday, we had recorded over 2 feet of rain. Creeks and lakes overflowed. Water topped levees and spilled into neighborhoods. State highways looked like rivers, and parking lots looked like ponds. Since the flood began, I have visited a number of parishes throughout my district. Whether it was in north, cen-tral, or southeast Louisiana, the one constant was there were far, far too many people hurting. As of yesterday, at least four people had died from the flood in Louisiana. Nearly 15,000 homes had been reported damaged, and the number will defi-nitely grow. More than 6,800 people have requested help from FEMA, and that number will likely grow as well. Lives were changed last week, and we have a long way to go to recover. The President has approved, at the request of the Governor, Federal disaster aid for most parishes affected. This is a great, great thing, and we need it. I ap-preciate that support very much. I have lived in Louisiana all my life. I still live in a soybean field in north-east Louisiana not far from where I grew up in a cornfield, also close to my home. I have seen a lot of things in my time and I have seen a lot of rain come, but I have never seen as much rain as we received last week. Unfortunately, Louisiana is all too familiar with disasters. In the last 10 years, we have seen five hurricanes, an oil spill, and now this horrific flooding. But each time we face adversity, Lou-isiana and her people respond. We fol-low Christ’s commandment, which is to love and help one another. I have been so inspired by the way our communities across Louisiana have answered the call to serve: packing sandbags in the wee hours of the morn-ing, volunteering at shelters, cooking food for relief workers, housing strand-ed family members; and sometimes people who are not even known to these people, they are taking them into their homes. The acts of kindness just keep coming and coming, and we need more of them to keep coming. There is one group of individuals I want to especially recognize, and that is our first responders. The National Guard has rescued over 3,295 people so far. Sheriffs, deputies, other law en-forcement officials, and firefighters are still tallying their numbers because they have saved so many lives. These men and women have logged countless hours and put themselves in harm’s way to save the lives of others. I have heard stories of some officers using makeshift rafts to pull people from flooded homes and getting them out before waters overtook their home. I have seen videos of the National Guard with Black Hawk helicopters rappelling into floodwaters and pulling people to safety who were clinging to trees. I saw one instance where a gen-tleman had been in a tree for up to 2 days. It is just incredible what our first re-sponders have done. There is another story about our power company employees saving a man whose truck was swept off the road by water. Again, he had been in a tree, hanging on for life, for 2 full days before he was saved. Story after story in parish after par-ish show the incredible strength our Louisianians have and the first re-sponders’ abilities and their caring and what they have done for our State. The rains have stopped for now, but we are not in the clear by any means. The water is pushing most of our rivers over their flood stages in a big, big way. I hope another round of floods isn’t on the way. In Louisiana, we know how to bounce back from adversity, but we will only do so with the continued generosity of those who are in a position to help oth-ers. I ask the Nation to remember Lou-isiana in its prayers as we continue and start the process of rebuilding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR7.000 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1392 March 16, 2016 
A REALISTIC INFRASTRUCTURE AGENDA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the tortured Presidential nominating process continues with generalities and insults, but maybe we could avert our eyes and attention for a moment and consider some real challenges that we face closer at hand. The backdrop in the metropolitan area in Washington, D.C., is that D.C. Metro has shut down for the entire day to deal with safety concerns—an un-precedented step. The bigger issue for most people in the region, for most rid-ers and potential users, is the system’s reliability. It is a symbol of a lack of resources and a lack of leadership, not just for Metro, but for the States of Virginia, Maryland, the District of Columbia, and the Federal Government itself. They have, sadly, been lacking in lead-ership, in vision, and providing the re-sources for this vital system for a re-gion of approximately 4 million people. At the same time, we have a looming water and sewer crisis, almost 2 mil-lion miles of pipe, in some cases long past its useful life. A water main breaks every 2 minutes. We have seri-ous problems with system reliability with sewage. The city of Flint, Michigan, and its terrible situation with lead in the drinking water has captured attention, but it has also pointed out for people who look deeper that this is a problem that afflicts communities across the country. We have, according to the American Society of Civil Engineers, an overall grade, as a country, of D dealing with sewer and water chal-lenges. What if the major candidates would train their attention on serious pro-posals to deal with the infrastructure crisis already upon us? Not mere gener-alities, but let’s talk about how they would pay for it. What is their vision to deal with multiple needs, and how would they set priorities? It is not really that hard. In a num-ber of very red States, governments have stepped up to raise the gas tax and fund transportation. In metropoli-tan communities across the country, in red States and blue, people are dealing with their challenges, proposing to their communities funding and vision to solve the problem. I have got bipartisan legislation to establish a Federal water infrastruc-ture trust fund to help start in that re-gard. We ought to fix the transportation funding. There is broad support amongst labor, business, profession AAA truckers to raise the gas tax and be able to deal with our transportation challenges. Finally, we should embrace tech-nology in transportation, things from self-driving, autonomous vehicles, elec-tronic payment for road systems, a road user charge being experimented on in the State of Oregon. These are mechanisms that would help us update, modernize, and make these systems more effective. And by the way, when you hear all those candidates talking about strengthening the middle class and the economy, these proposals would put millions of people to work at family- wage jobs in every community across America. It would strengthen safety and liveability and bring people to-gether. You know, when we have faced up to infrastructure challenges, whether it is Dwight Eisenhower’s interstate free-way system, what we have done in the past with clean water and clean air, those are things that are broadly sup-ported by Americans. An infrastruc-ture agenda, a realistic infrastructure agenda has the potential of bringing people together while it strengthens America, and it would certainly be a nice change of pace. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KRIS ANNE VOGELPOHL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and to celebrate the life of Kris Anne Vogelpohl of Gal-veston. Many know Kris Anne Vogelpohl as the matriarch of the Gal-veston County Republican Party. Kris Anne made her way from Colo-rado to Galveston, where she became chief therapeutic dietician at the Uni-versity of Texas Medical Branch in 1950. It was at UTMB where she met her future husband, Dr. Elmer Vogelpohl. Kris Anne didn’t waste any time get-ting involved in the community and local politics, too. In fact, in 1955, Kris Anne became one of the founding mem-bers of the Galveston Republican Women. From there, she solidified her GOP trailblazer status by becoming chairwoman of the Galveston Repub-lican Party, where she thereupon built a strong foundation for the party to grow and build on. In addition to her political service, Kris Anne was an avid philanthropist within the community. One of the or-ganizations she invested her time in was the Salvation Army, where she joined their county advisory board in 1959. Kris Anne’s unwavering commitment to the betterment of society was a sight to behold, Mr. Speaker. She made everyone feel so welcomed. She empow-ered so many people to take charge and get involved. Her enthusiasm for mak-ing our county, our State, and our country even greater was infectious. The proof is in the pudding. Galveston has become one of the strongest Repub-lican counties along the Gulf Coast and in Texas. Dr. Vogelpohl could often be seen with Kris Anne in event after event all over Galveston County. You talk about stalwarts, Mr. Speaker. My prayer is that we all be such sterling examples to those who come behind us. Lord knows that Dr. Elmer, as I call him, and Kris Anne were—or make that are, quite frankly. Kris Anne lived to be 90 years old. She was married for 55 years and is sur-vived by her husband, two children, and six grandchildren. Kris Anne may be gone, but in re-ality she is still here. She will forever be in the hearts and minds of the peo-ple she touched. Mr. Speaker, my thoughts and my prayers are with Dr. Elmer, their chil-dren, their grandchildren, and with the great multitude of friends she served. My prayer is also may the Great Shep-herd of the Sheep, even the Lord Jesus Christ, wrap them up in His loving arms and comfort them. May He bless them and keep them. May God bless them all, and may God bless the great State of Texas and Galveston County that Kris Anne loved so much. In a wonderful way, He has been blessing us. He loaned us Kris Anne. f 
b1015 HONORING THE LIFE OF OFFICER JACAI COLSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sorrow that I rise today to pay tribute and honor the life of Prince George’s County Police Officer Jacai Colson, who was killed in the line of duty. Line-of-duty deaths are always dif-ficult to bear. A police officer or an-other first responder leaves their home, their station, or their vehicle, and their loved one, coworker, or partner expects to see them return. My heart breaks for Jacai’s loved ones and for the tight-knit community that is the Prince George’s County Po-lice Department. On March 12, 2016, an off-duty detec-tive, Police Officer First Class Jacai Colson, arrived at the District 3 police station in Landover, Maryland, with the intent of visiting a fellow officer, when matters took an unexpected turn for the worse. We will continue to learn the details of this tragedy in the coming days. What we do know is that Officer Colson’s actions saved lives and al-lowed his fellow officers to neutralize the threat, even as he made the ulti-mate sacrifice. On behalf of the citizens of the Fourth Congressional District of Mary-land, I want to extend my appreciation to Officer Colson for his selfless and he-roic actions and his relentless dedica-tion to public service. I would like to remember the legacy Officer Colson leaves behind. He was a Pennsylvania native who played quar-terback at Chichester High School in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.008 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1393 March 16, 2016 
Boothwyn, Pennsylvania, where he graduated. Officer Colson then went on to play wide receiver and defensive back at Randolph-Macon College in Ashland, Virginia. His college football coach re-called Colson as ‘‘a really respectful kid and just a high-character young man. To be honest, he wasn’t a great player, but he was a really great per-son.’’ Officer Jacai Colson was the grand-son of a career police officer. He him-self joined the Prince George’s County Police Department. After 2 years of service on the force, he joined the nar-cotics department. Officer Colson worked as an undercover detective. Later this week would have been his 29th birthday. I well know how difficult a job our local police officers have. They are tasked with the tremendous responsi-bility of meeting the increasingly di-verse needs of growing populations with diminishing resources. At a time of so much national discus-sion about the relationship of law en-forcement to our local communities, Officer Colson reminds us all of the im-portant service and sacrifice of our men and women in blue. Unfortunately, his death makes three officers that have been shot and killed in Maryland in 2016. Last month two officers from the Harford County Sher-iff’s Office were fatally shot: Senior Deputy Mark Logsdon and Senior Dep-uty Patrick Dailey. Today our police officers are being asked to be the first line of defense in our war on terror in addition to car-rying out more traditional police work. I want to thank them for their com-mitment to the citizens and families of this great State. They are Maryland’s heroes, and they have my utmost re-spect and support. Officer Jacai Colson’s record of serv-ice was characterized by sacrifice, hard work, dedication to duty, and, most of all, by achievement. He leaves behind a legacy of service that others can and should aspire to. Now that his time on Earth has come to a needlessly premature end, it is my hope that Officer Jacai Colson has found the peace he has earned. On be-half of this House, I extend my sin-cerest gratitude and condolences to James and Sheila Colson, his parents; his entire family; friends; Prince George’s County Police Chief Hank Stawinski; Major Kathleen Mills, Dis-trict 3 Commander; the entire Prince George’s County Police Department; and the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 89. May God continue to comfort and sustain each of you. 
f 
AMICUS BRIEF ON BEHALF OF THE U.S. V. TEXAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 639. Mr. Speaker, we are a Nation of im-migrants. But, more importantly, we are a Nation of laws. We are also a Na-tion governed by a Constitution, a Con-stitution designed by our Founders to protect the people from government. This same Constitution enumerates specific powers to the executive, legis-lative, and judicial branches, these same powers that this President has decided he does not need to uphold. As a result, we, as a united legisla-tive body, will act this week against the President’s executive amnesty and overreach. We must act because it is time that Congress—Republicans and Democrats—stand up for the Constitu-tion of the United States and against President Obama, who has decided to turn his back on the American people. We must act because the security and economic opportunity that Americans are so desperate for today come with respecting, not undermining, the spirit of self-government for which our Na-tion was founded. Mr. Speaker, the President knows that he is not permitted to write laws. Yet, through his executive amnesty, he is directly attacking Congress’ Article I power. Today Congress will once again say no to President Obama. We will come together as an institution representing the American people to promote self- government. I will vote in favor of the resolution on behalf of the great people of Mis-souri’s Second Congressional District and in defense of the powerful words of James Madison in 1788: ‘‘The accumulation of all powers, leg-islative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many, and whether hereditary, self- appointed, or elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyr-anny.’’ I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution and prevent this very tyranny we see today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
GENOCIDE OF RELIGIOUS MINORITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, there were two votes that occurred earlier this week on House Concurrent Resolu-tion 75 and House Concurrent Resolu-tion 121, which deal with very impor-tant and complex issues that I would like to talk about this morning. I cosponsored and voted for House Concurrent Resolution 75 because of my grave concern about the genocide occurring against Christians, Alawites, Shiites, Druze, Yazidis, and other reli-gious minorities in Syria. However, I was extremely dis-appointed by amendment language that was later added to this resolution that provides cover or an excuse for ISIS and other terrorist organizations committing this genocide. Specifically, the language I object to is the following: ‘‘The protracted Syr-ian civil war and the indiscriminate vi-olence of the Assad regime have con-tributed to the growth of ISIL and will continue to do so as long as this con-flict continues.’’ I fully reject this amendment to the resolution because it gives moral legit-imacy to the actions of ISIS, al Qaeda, and others who are committing geno-cide against Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities in Syria. This amendment is an obvious at-tempt to make ISIS look like their cause is legitimate. This is absolutely unacceptable and undermines the very heart and intent of this resolution. This is very unfortunate because the problem of the genocide against Chris-tians, Yazidis, and other religious mi-norities in Syria is very serious. In fact, the main area in Syria where Christians and other religious minori-ties have any protection today from being slaughtered and where they can practice their religious faith without fear of prosecution is in the territory that is still controlled by the Syrian Government of Assad. The reality is that the language added to this resolution, coupled with its sister resolution, House Concurrent Resolution 121, is really aimed at justi-fying the overthrow of Assad, the re-sult of which would be a complete as-sault and elimination of Christians and other religious minorities in Syria. The fact that this resolution, which was originally introduced to increase protection for Christians, Yazidis and other religious minorities, has now been hijacked so that it becomes a ve-hicle to increase the likelihood of an even greater genocide against those re-ligious minorities is an absolute dis-grace. The reality is that, if the Assad re-gime is overthrown tomorrow, every Christian, every Yazidi, and every other religious minority and ethnic mi-nority in Syria will be in even greater danger than ever before from the geno-cide being perpetrated by ISIS, al Qaeda, and others who are slaughtering them. This resolution is no longer a sincere effort to protect religious minorities. It has instead become a resolution to give more legitimacy to ISIS and al Qaeda’s genocidal activities and would bring about an even greater genocide of those religious minorities by elimi-nating the only area where they now have refuge. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PRINCETON, INDIANA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to an out-standing community in Indiana’s Eighth Congressional District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.004 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1394 March 16, 2016 
It is no secret that the Hoosier State is home to hardworking, innovative, and compassionate people. In the Eighth District, we are leading the way. Today I want to highlight a couple of great accomplishments in Princeton, Indiana. Earlier this month high school senior Jackie Young, a star guard at Prince-ton Community High School, was awarded the Naismith Trophy. This prestigious award is presented annu-ally to the men and women’s college and high school basketball players who achieve great success on the court and solidifies Jackie as the Nation’s top high school woman basketball player. To us in southern Indiana, the award comes as no surprise. With 3,268 career points, Jackie is Indiana’s all-time leading scorer. She is a natural leader on and off the court. Congratulations to Jackie. We wish her all the best as she prepares for her next step, playing for Notre Dame. Additionally, a community leader and anchor of our local economy, Toy-ota Motor Manufacturing, will soon celebrate the 20th anniversary of its ground breaking in Gibson County. Over the past 20 years, the plant has been a leader in economic development for our region, providing thousands of jobs and supporting local organiza-tions. I have had the pleasure of meeting many of the hardworking and dedi-cated team members at Toyota in Princeton. These men and women make quality products in Indiana that are being sold across the country and around the world, and they take pride in doing it. On behalf of all Hoosiers across the Eighth District, I thank everyone at Toyota Motor Manufacturing for your continued commitment to our commu-nity and congratulate them on this tre-mendous milestone. As one of Indiana’s designated Stel-lar Communities, Princeton is, without a doubt, a shining example of what our great State has to offer. It is an honor and privilege to represent the people of Gibson County and Princeton here in Congress. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE WENO-NAH HIGH SCHOOL LADY DRAG-ONS ON THIRD CONSECUTIVE ALABAMA GIRLS 5A BASKET-BALL CHAMPIONSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I have the great pleasure of rising today for the third time in 3 years to congratulate the Wenonah High School Lady Dragons on winning their third consecutive Alabama girls class 5A bas-ketball championship. The Lady Dragons beat Central High School from Tuscaloosa, Alabama, 58– 33, imploring what the local news said was a suffocating pressure defense to cruise to their third consecutive title on March 5, 2016, at the Birmingham- Jefferson Convention Complex Legacy Arena in Birmingham, Alabama. The Wenonah Lady Dragons forced 32 turn-overs that resulted in 19 points on their way to victory. ‘‘The sign on our wall says ‘Dis-cipline plus defense equals champion-ships,’’’ said Wenonah High School coach Emanuel Bell. ‘‘We’re going to press. That’s what we do.’’ They put pressure on the other side. b1030 The MVP of the game was Alexus Dye, who scored 12 points and grabbed 10 rebounds. ‘‘Our defense is what got us here and led us to the win,’’ said Dye. The other star of the team was Weno-nah’s very own Kaitlyn Rodgers, who scored 12 points, grabbed 14 rebounds, blocked 6 shots, handed out 3 assists, and added 2 steals. ‘‘This is what we came here for, and we want to go out with a bang,’’ said Rodgers. Mr. Speaker, more noteworthy is the fact that, according to Coach Bell, ‘‘Every kid on my time averages a 3.0 GPA or higher. It’s easy to coach play-ers with academic and athletic talent,’’ says Coach Bell. Well, Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate the month of March as Women’s His-tory Month, recognizing trailblazing women throughout our history, clearly these young women have blazed their own remarkable path, both athletically and academically as student athletes, and we are happy, proud to commend them. So on behalf of Alabama’s Seventh Congressional District, I want to ex-tend a heartfelt congratulations to these outstanding players and to Coach Bell. While March Madness has gripped the rest of the State and the Nation, in Birmingham, Alabama, we are very proud of Wenonah High School’s Lady Dragons. I am confident that these young ladies have bright futures ahead of them, and we will look back on these 3 consecutive years of championship wins with great accomplishment and pride. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 31 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your blessing upon this as-sembly and upon all who call upon Your name. Send Your Spirit to fill their hearts with those divine gifts You have prepared for them. May Your grace find expression in their compassion for the weak and the poor among us, and may Your mercy encourage good will in all they do and accomplish this day. As the Members of the people’s House face the demands of our time, grant them and us all Your peace and strength, that we might act justly, love tenderly, and walk humbly with You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
ISIL-DAESH CHEMICAL ATTACKS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this weekend we learned that ISIL/Daesh has continued their use of chemical attacks against innocent ci-vilians, including children, with two attacks in northern Iraq. Over 600 peo-ple suffered burns, suffocation, and de-hydration. And, sadly, a young child, Fatima, died from Saturday’s mur-derous attack. Officials have confirmed that ISIL has used chlorine and low-grade mus-tard gas to kill, incapacitate, and in-cite fear. Recent news reports say ISIL developed a special unit for chemical and biological attacks, which is a threat to American families. It is sad that the President’s legacy is weakness. He has not submitted a plan to Congress to defeat ISIL, and has repeatedly belittled their threat of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.006 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1395 March 16, 2016 
mass murder to American families. His legacy of failure is drowned children fleeing violence and dead children from chemical attacks. I am grateful that the House of Rep-resentatives took a decisive stance against ISIL this week, accurately calling actions against Christians and other minorities genocide. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. God bless Hammond School. 
f 
STOP THE GENOCIDE (Mr. SCHIFF asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 75, which was passed unanimously Monday evening by the House. I regret that a family commitment kept me from being present for the vote on this important bill, which I am proud to cosponsor. It has been with horror and dismay that we have watched the barbaric acts of ISIL against ethnic and religious minorities in Syria and Iraq. Proud people, including many Christians who have lived in the region for centuries, have been wiped out in a campaign of rape, forced conversion, and murder. The crimes qualify as genocide, and they must be called as such. The global community has a duty, stemming both from the Genocide Convention and our common humanity, to destroy and de-feat ISIL and to provide safe haven for those fleeing their monstrous acts. The campaign of genocide against re-ligious and ethnic minorities in Syria and Iraq must be stopped, and those re-sponsible must face justice. 
f 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Women’s His-tory Month. Since President Reagan’s administra-tion, we have designated the month of March as a time to acknowledge the enormous impact that generations of women have had on all of our lives. I have been blessed to have many strong women in my life, from the medical professionals who worked by my side at both the Iron Mountain VA and Dickinson Memorial Hospital to the strong women in my family, and, finally, the many Members of Congress that I am humbled to serve beside today. It is important to recognize the di-verse and irreplaceable contributions that these women and so many others have made to our society while also ac-knowledging that there is still much work to be done. While we recognize Women’s History Month this March, we should honor the important role that women play in our society every day and do our part to ensure that everyone has the oppor-tunity to make their mark in the fu-ture. f 
BRAIN AWARENESS WEEK (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Brain Awareness Week, part of a global campaign to in-crease public awareness about the ben-efits of brain research and the progress that has been made to address trau-matic brain injuries. TBIs are a significant health issue af-fecting our servicemembers, veterans, athletes and ordinary citizens. Military members are at increased risk for sus-taining a TBI compared to civilians. That is why I authored a law requir-ing the VA to assess its capacity to treat veterans with TBI and develop policies for TBI care and rehabilita-tion. I recently toured the Stanford Neuro-sciences Institute to see how research can prevent and treat brain injuries and chronic traumatic encephalopathy, or CTE, a condition that typically af-fects people who experience repetitive brain traumas. Just this week the NFL admitted that there is a connection be-tween football and CTE. I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing Brain Awareness Week. 
f 
HONORING GENERAL JOHN ‘‘DOC’’ BAHNSEN, JR. (Mr. M
CKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Brigadier General John ‘‘Doc’’ Bahnsen, Jr., a Hancock County, West Virginia, resident who was recently recognized as a 2016 West Point Distinguished Graduate. I am honored to count Doc and his wife Peggy as my friends, and I cannot think of a man more deserving of this award. General Bahnsen graduated from West Point in 1956 and began a 30-year career in the Army, including two tours in Vietnam. A member of the air cavalry, he piloted Hueys under fire. He was one of the most highly deco-rated officers in Vietnam and was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross, five Silver Stars, and two Purple Hearts. After Vietnam, General Bahnsen con-tinued his service and helped to estab-lish the National Training Center, where our soldiers prepare for deploy-ment overseas. In retirement, Doc has remained an active alumni at the Academy. He fre-quently travels to West Point to give lectures to cadets and is a leading booster for the West Point Rugby Team. General Bahnsen is a true role model for America, and we should all strive to ascribe to his virtues. Through a life of service, he has proven how dedication, pragmatism, and patriotism can help make this country great again. f 
LOUIS VAN IERSEL POST OFFICE (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Mr. Louis Van Iersel by in-troducing a bill to rename the Sierra Madre post office in his memory. Mr. Van Iersel’s incredible life is a true example of the American Dream. He arrived in the United States as an immigrant from the Netherlands in 1917 and enlisted in the U.S. Army the very next day. He learned English while working in the kitchen before moving on to the battlefield. For his acts of bravery that saved over 1,000 American lives on a single mission, Mr. Van Iersel was awarded our Nation’s highest recognition, the Medal of Honor. After the war, Mr. Van Iersel moved to my district, in the city of Sierra Madre, to raise his family. But when World War II began, Mr. Van Iersel, along with his three sons, reenlisted, this time serving in the Marines. An immigrant, veteran, father, and husband, Mr. Van Iersel exemplified courage and service to his country. It is my honor to memorialize him for-ever in this way. 
f 
HEIDI LAWRENCE’S STORY (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, West Virginia’s families are struggling to make ends meet due to the war on coal. As coal mines close due to crushing regulations from this administration, families are forced to make tough choices to survive. Heidi Lawrence lives with her family in Cyclone, West Virginia. Her husband lost his coal-mining job more than 5 months ago. Here is her story: 
We are doing everything we can do to pay our bills and raise our three kids. We have already lost vehicles because it takes everything that he gets in unemploy-ment to pay the house payment and power bill, two things that we have to try to keep, not to mention all the other bills that just don’t get paid because we can’t afford them. My husband is a hardworking man. He has worked for 8 years in the coal mines for what we have, and we are now losing it. 
Mr. Speaker, Heidi is a true West Virginia coal voice. Her family is an example of what happens when Wash-ington regulates our coal jobs out of existence. 
f 
BLEEDING DISORDERS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. CARNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.009 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1396 March 16, 2016 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to show my support for Ameri-cans of all ages who have been affected by bleeding disorders. Last month I met with Cole, a 10- year-old from my home State of Dela-ware. Cole has hemophilia, and he and his family struggle to afford the costly treatments he relies on. Hearing Cole’s story underlined the financial burden diseases like hemo-philia place on many hardworking Americans. Hundreds of thousands of families across our country shoulder both the financial and emotional hard-ships that come with bleeding dis-orders. That is why I am speaking today in recognition of Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month. This is not only an opportunity to raise awareness, but also to stress the importance of contin-ued funding for research on diseases like this. In Delaware, we are lucky to have the Nemours Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders. Their research efforts are leading the way to better treat-ments for those with bleeding dis-orders, but it is not enough. I urge my colleagues to support re-search for these and other diseases so that those with chronic illnesses can look forward to a brighter future. 
f 
PENN STATE’S ROLE IN DEVEL-OPING NEXT-GENERATION ELEC-TRONICS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Penn State University, which is located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Con-gressional District, on receiving a nearly $18 million grant from the Na-tional Science Foundation. These grant funds will be used over the next 5 years and will be dedicated to the growth of two-dimensional crys-tals in order to research how they can be used in next-generation electronics. This is very technical work which, at times, involves the use of materials only a few atoms thick. Eventually, this research is expected to play a significant role in the devel-opment of electronics which are faster, use less energy, and can be built on flexible surfaces. This grant for Penn State’s Materials Research Institute was only one of two in the Nation awarded by the National Science Foundation. I am proud to see such groundbreaking research happening at Penn State. It stands as proof of the university’s leadership in this area of research, along with a testament to the skills of its faculty. I know this fund-ing will be put to great use. b1215 GEORGIA-12 YOUTH LEADERSHIP SUMMIT 2016 (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, last Thurs-day, my office hosted the first-ever Georgia-12 Youth Leadership Summit at Georgia Southern University. Over 400 students and educators from around Georgia’s 12th Congressional District represented their high schools at the summit. I was amazed by the turnout. The energy of the students was inspir-ing. Many thanks to Colonel Sam Ander-son, Garrison Commander at Fort Gor-don; Stephanie Miller, morning host of Hot Country Hits Y96; Tyson Summers, head football coach at Georgia South-ern University; and Congressman TOM G
RAVES of the 14th District of Georgia, for sharing their experiences with these young leaders. These students are the future leaders of Georgia and our country, and I want them to realize their potential, and I want to see them succeed. I would like to give a special thanks to Georgia Southern University for hosting us, and members of my staff for their hard work in organizing and setting up this event. Our district is very fortunate to have these great students and educators. It was evident that the young folks of Georgia-12 are an exceptional class of leaders who will step up to any occa-sion. What a wonderful honor it was to host this important event last Thurs-day in Statesboro, Georgia. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF COLONEL FREDRICK VAN HORN (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Colo-nel Frederick Earl Van Horn for more than 20 years of dedicated service at Georgia Military College, an out-standing educational institution in Milledgeville, Georgia. Prior to his tenure at GMC, Colonel Van Horn honorably served our Nation in the U.S. Army, where he completed three tours of duty in Germany, one in Italy, and a 2-year combat tour in Viet-nam. His military achievements and medals include a Purple Heart. Colonel Van Horn wore many hats at GMC, including commander of cadets, dean of students, adjunct professor of ethics, director of character education, executive vice president, and interim president. But I commend him most for instill-ing the core values of honor, duty, and country into our students, and pre-paring the next generation for the challenges of the upcoming decades. He has distinguished himself as a servant- leader of the highest character and in-tegrity. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Colonel Fred Van Horn on his re-tirement, and for his diligent, effec-tive, and ardent leadership to GMC and our Nation. I am grateful to have him in the Tenth District of Georgia. I sincerely thank him for his service and unyielding commitment to our State, and I wish Fred and his family the best on his retirement. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 16, 2016 at 9:20 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 337. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
SMALL BUSINESS BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 4596. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 640, I call up the bill (H.R. 4596) to ensure that small business providers of broadband Inter-net access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regu-latory requirements, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 640, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, printed in the bill, shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 4596 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.011 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1397 March 16, 2016 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Broadband Deployment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCEPTION TO ENHANCEMENT TO TRANS-PARENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR SMALL BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The enhancements to the transparency rule of the Federal Communica-tions Commission under section 8.3 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as described in paragraphs 162 through 184 of the Report and Order on Remand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order of the Federal Communications Commis-sion with regard to protecting and promoting the open Internet (adopted February 26, 2015) (FCC 15–24), shall not apply to any small busi-ness. (b) S
UNSET .—Subsection (a) shall not have any force or effect after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
EPORT BY FCC.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commission shall sub-mit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report that contains the recommendations of the Commission (and data supporting such recommendations) regarding— (1) whether the exception provided by sub-section (a) should be made permanent; and (2) whether the definition of the term ‘‘small business’’ for purposes of such exception should be modified from the definition in subsection (d)(2). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
ROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS SERVICE .— The term ‘‘broadband Internet access service’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8.2 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS .—The term ‘‘small busi-ness’’ means any provider of broadband Internet access service that has not more than 250,000 subscribers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, one of the most impor-tant responsibilities we have as a Con-gress, I think, is to protect and advo-cate for those who may not have the power themselves or the influence or the armies of lawyers to contend with the redtape that all too often is created by our own government. The bill we are considering today helps them. It does just that. It re-lieves, we believe, an unnecessary regu-latory burden on really small Internet service providers, the little ISPs out there all over our districts across the land that are struggling to compete in this marketplace. By extending an exemption to the Federal Communications Commission’s enhanced transparency rules, this bill allows these small businesses to focus on their core mission which, by the way, is providing broadband Internet access to customers all across America. Over the last few months, we have spent a great deal of time focused on this issue. We first raised concerns with the Federal Communications Commission itself in a November letter from the Republican members of the Communications and Technology Sub-committee, as well as the Small Busi-ness Committee. We urged the Chairman of the Fed-eral Communications Commission, Tom Wheeler, to not only make the ex-emption that they had already had in their rules permanent, but also to raise that threshold for defining what a small business is to bring it in line with the definitions previously blessed by the Small Business Administration itself. Well, the FCC, instead, extended the exemption for just 1 year. That is hard-ly time enough from these very oner-ous reporting requirements to make a difference, a 1-year extension. Despite the overwhelming support in the record for a permanent extension, it was clear that Congress needed to act because the FCC wouldn’t. So I in-troduced a discussion draft to get the conversation going that would perma-nently extend the exemption and would increase the threshold by defining a small business to match the definition used by the Small Business Adminis-tration itself. We had a hearing in January on this draft. We heard from a small business, an Internet service provider from a small community, who shared the di-lemma that I think was indicative of what other small ISPs face in these cir-cumstances. Should they put up new equipment and expand and improve their service? Or if they have to comply with all these reporting requirements called for by the FCC, they said, look, I am going to have to spend the money, instead, on hiring lawyers and other compliance officers to meet a reporting require-ment that is new. Should they improve service for cus-tomers, or should they devote those fi-nancial resources to sifting through regulatory language and drafting ex-pensive and extensive reports on eso-teric metrics like ‘‘packet loss’’? Now, often these small Internet serv-ice providers provide service to areas in the country that are rural, very rural, remote, or may not be as easy to serve or provide competitive options to customers of larger ISPs. We should be making all efforts to promote the viability of these upstarts, these businesses, these small entre-preneurs that are trying to fill the gaps, serve and compete in this very competitive marketplace. We should not be saddling them with additional requirements designed to snuff them out, basically, and that would make it more difficult for them to do the business that they want to participate in. While there was some initial dis-agreement about how to ease some of these regulatory burdens, Mr. Speaker, Representative L
OEBSACK and I were able to come to a compromise through some very serious negotiations. It worked out well, the legislative proc-ess. We both agreed there is a problem. We said, okay, I don’t really like this number; what about that number? We kept a focus on the mission and on the goal, which was to prevent this over-reach of the Federal Government in the regulatory realm. So in our amended bill, we extend the exemption from this reporting require-ment to 5 years. It seems like a reason-able number. This gives greater regu-latory certainty to these very small Internet service providers looking for stability and predictability when they are making some, frankly, pretty ex-pensive investment decisions on equip-ment and access and expansion. In addition, we increased the thresh-old for what is defining a small busi-ness from what the FCC had, and re-quired the Federal Communications Commission to report back to Congress on this exemption, along with data about small ISPs that is currently lacking. They don’t have all the data we think they need, so as their overseer, we are telling the FCC, go look at this, tell us what it means, come back to us. And we put a sunset on this as well so that Congress will have the oppor-tunity in a couple of years to come back and say this makes sense; does it still make sense; is it in the best inter-est of consumers and innovation and development of technology in the mar-ketplace. In the end, I think this legislation represents a really solid, thoughtful compromise that will relieve the bur-dens for our smallest Internet service providers while leaving in place really important protections for consumers, Mr. Speaker. See, this does not wipe out what they have to do to serve customers, the laws they have to follow, all that. That stays. We just said, you don’t have to do this really burdensome, costly, tech-nical reporting to the government. It is important to note that this bill does not affect the bright-line rules for managing traffic or the transparency rules adopted in the FCC’s 2010 rules. Customers will continue to have access to those disclosures they have come to expect, with the information needed to make informed decisions about their Internet service. So I would like to thank my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle, the ranking member of the sub-committee, Ms. ESHOO , as well as, cer-tainly, Mr. L
OEBSACK , for working well with us on this bill. I would like to particularly thank Kelsey Guyselman, from the majority committee staff, and Ashley Shillingsburg from Representative L
OEBSACK ’s staff—I hope I said that right—for their hard work in getting together and working this out. This bipartisan process has resulted in a strong piece of legislation, and I am confident it will actually protect many and promote continued network investment and build-out by small business so we have a more vibrant, competitive marketplace and more service into areas that otherwise might 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR7.007 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1398 March 16, 2016 
not ever get access to high-speed broadband which, as you know, Mr. Speaker, is really important in places like Tennessee and Oregon and Iowa. This legislation represents a com-monsense approach to a problem that directly impacts so many of our con-stituents, and this solution will enable our country to continue its leadership in broadband deployment. So I would urge my colleagues to join us in this bipartisan legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, broadband development is a critical issue for my home State of Iowa, as it is for Congressman W
AL-
DEN’s home State of Oregon, as it is for so many rural areas, in particular. We all know how important Internet access is for our constituents. Our stu-dents need access to the Internet to do their homework. Our businesses need the Internet to participate in the glob-al economy and engage in the ever- growing world of e-commerce. Our healthcare providers need Internet ac-cess to serve patients with innovative telemedicine tools. b1230 Our constituents simply can’t com-pete in the 21st century economy that we live in without access to the Inter-net. It is really that simple. Broadband deployment is especially important in our country’s rural areas. Less than half—only 47 percent—of Americans living in rural areas have access to broadband. We as legislators need to do what we can to get these es-sential services to our constituents. This bill is a commonsense, bipar-tisan measure, and I thank Congress-man W
ALDEN for working with me on this bill that will help small Internet service providers throughout the coun-try deploy broadband and serve our constituents. In my home State of Iowa, we have 134—that is 134. We have 99 counties but 134 individual small ISPs. The smallest provider in our State is based in my district and serves only 100 sub-scribers. As a whole, these companies serve a median of only 750 subscribers. I am proud of the work done by these small businesses that serve the families and businesses that live on farms or in small towns that otherwise might not have any options. Small ISPs do not have the resources that the bigger guys do, and that is the important thing to remember with this bill. I support the FCC’s enhanced transparency rules, and I think that it is important to make sure that con-sumers have the information they need to make informed decisions and to make sure they are protected. It is also important that we find a balance be-tween providing consumers with tech-nical information about their Internet and making sure that consumers have access in the first place. I have heard from small businesses in my district that these rules as pro-posed by the FCC will pose a signifi-cant burden and consume critical re-sources, potentially limiting their abil-ity to invest in broadband develop-ment. For example, they have told me they would have to buy special equip-ment to measure things like packet loss on their networks. These are com-panies that may have only one techni-cian on staff, so you can imagine the burden. To address these burdens, this bill would continue the FCC’s exemption of small business from the enhanced transparency rules for 5 years. It also instructs the FCC to gather data to de-termine the impacts of these rules so that we can revisit this issue down the road. When we revisit the issue, we have the opportunity then to figure out the best way to implement these im-portant consumer protections going forward. This short-term exemption gives small ISPs some much-needed cer-tainty, allowing them to focus their re-sources on broadband deployment and thus serving their consumers. I am glad that Mr. WALDEN and I were able to work together on a bipar-tisan compromise, and I thank our re-spective staffs as well. They did a great job. While the original bill would have permanently exempted companies from the FCC’s rule, this bill sunsets after 5 years, giving companies time to com-ply and giving the FCC time to report back to Congress on the real impact of these rules on consumers. The original bill would have also ex-empted companies with 500,000 sub-scribers and 1,500 employees. I and oth-ers on the subcommittee were con-cerned that this threshold was simply too high, and we were able to come to an agreement to exempt ISPs serving half that many subscribers. So this bill before us will give the certainty that small ISPs need, and it will help us achieve what I think we are all working for here, which is both expanded broadband access and the consumer protections that are needed by our constituents. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he my consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). He is a very capable and able vice chair of the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology and a man from Ohio who has done incredible work on a whole range of these communications issues. Mr. LATTA. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4596, the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act. This legis-lation limits the regulatory burden on small Internet service providers, ISPs, serving rural America, just like in my area, and allows them to focus on im-proving services for consumers. The Federal Communications Com-mission’s 2015 Open Internet Order in-cluded enhanced transparency rules for ISPs, requiring disclosure of commer-cial terms for prices and other fees and a number of complicated performance metrics. The FCC recognized that the burden of compliance would fall dis-proportionately on smaller providers and offered regulatory relief by tempo-rarily exempting ISPs with 100,000 sub-scribers or fewer. Today’s bipartisan action will extend the exemption to 5 years and expand the definition of small broadband pro-viders to fewer than 250,000 subscribers. This commonsense proposal will help small and rural broadband providers across my district focus on investing in networks, deploying broadband, im-proving connectivity, and creating jobs. I thank Chairmen UPTON and W AL-
DEN, Ranking Member P ALLONE , and Congressman L
OEBSACK for working to-gether on this bill. I am proud to sup-port H.R. 4596 and believe it will pro-tect vital small ISPs who serve all of our constituents. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Com-munications and Technology. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, H.R. 4596, the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act. There has been a lot said about it, and anyone who tunes in, it is not as complicated as it sounds. We know what the Internet rep-resents. We know we want to expand broadband in our country. We know es-pecially in the rural areas of our coun-try that broadband and all that it rep-resents has not reached everyone, and there are many small businesses that are working hard to bring broadband into the areas where people do not have access. We also have some critical protec-tions for the consumers of broadband, and we wanted to make sure that we could protect the consumer but also not burden the small businesses, and that is what this legislation represents. I am pleased that the bill includes the 5-year sunset provision, which is going to provide the FCC more time to study whether or not the exemption should be made permanent and how a small ISP should be defined. So, long story short, I think that this is a good bill. It represents a bipartisan effort, and I hope it works out the way the promises are being made about it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire as to how much time each side has remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oregon has 21
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Iowa has 24 minutes remaining. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the distinguished and very effective majority leader of the United States House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.014 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1399 March 16, 2016 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his work on this. Mr. Speaker, government policy is stuck in the past. Regulators from 20th century agencies are trying to manage and control a 21st century world—and it isn’t working. The world is too complex and indi-vidual situations are too unique for a big, bulky government to try to apply standards to everyone. And every time government tries to micromanage the markets or the free exchange of ideas or the development of new technology, our country and our people fall behind. We lose out on new companies, new jobs, and new services. So, in the House, we want to free innovators from Silicon Valley to Bos-ton by removing the obstacles that hold us back. We want breakthrough technologies and positive disruption that ensures American leadership around the world and brings govern-ment itself into the 21st century. It is our innovation initiative. Today, thanks to G
REG WALDEN , we have the first bill from the innovation initiative on the floor, protecting the Internet for hundreds of thousands of users. The Internet is arguably the most dynamic contributor to a growing economy and higher quality of life in the world. It delivers information and education, supports new businesses and workers, and increases our ability to communicate and experience the world. But right now, small Internet service providers that bring Internet to homes and businesses in less populated parts of the United States worry that the Washington bureaucracy will swoop in and impose regulations on them, and this will create a compliance burden that could put them out of business. These small providers don’t have enough resources to navigate the bu-reaucratic maze and bring broadband to communities at the same time. If these small Internet service providers go under, it could leave many people with limited Internet access or no ac-cess at all. The administration delayed these rules once, but that was only tem-porary. These small Internet providers need permanent relief so they can focus on doing the job of delivering Internet to the American people. So we are passing a bill today that lifts these reg-ulations on small providers for good. We need to take every opportunity we can to create the space for innova-tion to thrive in this country. That is the purpose of our innovation initia-tive, and that is how we can make a more prosperous America that works for everyone. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), who brings extensive experi-ence in all of this realm, of both elec-tric and communications, based on his vast background on this during his days on the Public Utility Commission in North Dakota. He has been a huge asset on our subcommittee. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALDEN for yielding the time and for his important leadership. I think it is worth noting, as I know Representative L
OEBSACK and several of us from rural districts often get in-volved in issues like this, and I always like to remind people that Representa-tive W
ALDEN ’s district is actually larg-er than the State of North Dakota. That is how rural we are. We all know Iowa is a rural State. I think this bill is a great representation of what hap-pens when a coalition of rural States and districts get together and try to do the right thing for the people we work for. So it is a pleasure to be part of that. I will be brief because the leadership has already outlined the essence of the bill very effectively. I will spend just a minute or 2 talking about the reality of the importance of this to a place like North Dakota and to places like rural Oregon or Iowa and other places where distance is greater than the pop-ulation, where the advantages of access to something as dynamic as the Inter-net makes all the difference in the world for education opportunities, for health care accessibility, and, of course, for individual use. That is a challenge in rural America that, frankly, many of our small Inter-net service providers and communica-tion and technology companies have been meeting all along with plenty of things going against them, not the least of which is: much of the deploy-ment of broadband in rural America has been done, even when it is not nec-essarily economically advantageous to do it at the time, so that the burden-some regulations, intended or unin-tended, that came from the FCC rule just don’t apply to everybody. I think that the standards that we have set in the negotiation that have created the benchmarks for access de-ployment are appropriate. And 250,000 consumers and the size of the compa-nies, I think, hits just right that sweet spot, not only because it was nego-tiated and it has got consensus, but be-cause I think it is the right number. I think they are the right numbers. So we don’t want to stifle innova-tion. We want to expand innovation, especially in something as dynamic as the Internet. This act does that. I am honored to be a part of it, and I am honored to be a member of the com-mittee. I thank the Representative E
SHOO as well as Representative L
OEBSACK and certainly Chairman W
ALDEN for their leadership. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, seeing no other speakers on our side of the aisle, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I thank Chairman WALDEN for work-ing on this, once again. Thanks to our staffs, again, for working on this com-promise. There is just one last thing. I would like to remind folks that transparency is a good thing, and the FCC has good intentions when they talk about trans-parency and making sure that con-sumers understand what they are get-ting for their money. So, as far as I am concerned, we have to continue to pro-vide that transparency, but we have to make sure that we do it in the way that we are doing it in this particular legislation, to have that balance that those ISPs, those small-sized ISPs, can continue to provide that access in the first place, as I mentioned already in my remarks. b1245 I thank everyone who has worked on this. It is a great compromise. I wish that we could do this more often here in this body and over in the Senate. I am not such a Pollyanna to believe that this is the beginning of great things to happen, but I think we made real progress here. I again thank Chairman W
ALDEN , Ranking Member E
SHOO , and our staffs for working on this. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank my colleague from Iowa who has been a great part-ner in finding the right sweet spot here as we move forward on more tele-communication policy that will help us allow these great innovators and inven-tors to go out and serve our constitu-ents and offer competition in the mar-ketplace and, not just because they are small, be snuffed out by a government that requires things they can’t afford to do and takes money away from inno-vation. They still have to, as you know, fol-low all of the laws and all of the pro-tections and all of that. It is just this reporting requirement seemed pretty onerous. In fact, obviously, the FCC thought it was when they first came out with their rule. We concur with that and extend that exemption on out. I would also like to say, Mr. Speaker, I am really proud of the bipartisan work that Mr. L
OEBSACK , myself, and others have done on our subcommittee. This marks the fifth piece of legisla-tion that we have brought to the House floor in this Congress in one capacity or another. We passed the FCC consoli-dated reporting legislation, Mr. Speak-er, unanimously across this House floor. This is designed to deal with the an-tiquated statutory requirements on re-ports that aren’t needed, oftentimes aren’t completed, and, yet, cost money to taxpayers and those who pay fees. So we have a consolidated report that is designed to simplify that process, save taxpayers money, and decrease 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.016 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1400 March 16, 2016 
the Federal bureaucracy a bit. That is over in the Senate now, Mr. Speaker. We passed FCC process reform legis-lation that we reached bipartisan agreement on as well. I think it passed unanimously through the House, Mr. Speaker. This is really important because we are trying to shed a little light on the FCC’s activities and bring fairness and transparency to the Federal Commu-nications Commission so that the pub-lic, the consumers, the stakeholders, all have a better opportunity to see how policy that will affect them is being deliberated and considered or even what is proposed. That bill is over in the Senate. Then we dealt with the issue of what we call the DOTCOM Act to make sure that, when the contract runs out on how the Internet naming agency and all works and all the IANA and ICANN pieces, that consumers are protected and will continue to have free Internet, free from government intrusion, free, as it has been, to innovate and create this enormous change. That passed the House I think with over 380 votes. The Spectrum Pipeline legislation actually was part of the bipartisan budget agreement we passed at the end of last year. So that is now in law, as a matter of fact. This marks, as I say, our fifth initia-tive to try to help this great sector of our economy continue to expand, that provides access to the world, and pro-vides access to commerce and jobs in a rural setting. I can’t tell you how important this is in a district such as mine where people now can locate in a smaller commu-nity, in a rural environment, with a great lifestyle, connect into the Inter-net, and be able to conduct commerce and grow jobs. Mr. Speaker, this is a fine piece of legislation, represents really solid work, and is really important to a lot of start-up and small companies across our country that we need to help grow, expand, and be the next competitor and the next one to really move up and give all us consumers more competition and better service. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I ask Members on both sides of the aisle to join us in bipartisan support of this legislation, which, by the way, Mr. Speaker, is also supported by the ad-ministration. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, we have built a proud, bipartisan record of success, and this legislation will help our nation’s small busi-nesses which are the lifeblood of Michigan’s economy, and the American economy as a whole. A quick look at the stats reveals small businesses represent 99.7 percent of all em-ployers in the United States, and they are true job creators, consistently accounting for 60 to 80 percent of net new jobs in each of the past ten years. Small Internet providers in particular serve a unique role in connecting consumers across the country. They provide service to rural con-stituents, to other small businesses, and to areas of the country that otherwise would lack any alternative. They often do so with very few resources, relying on a smaller number of em-ployees to do a great deal of work. The bill that we will vote on today makes sure that they can continue to do so without being ham-pered by regulatory burdens and red tape. The Small Business Broadband Deployment Act builds on the temporary steps taken by the Federal Communications Commission to ex-empt small providers from the enhanced trans-parency requirements adopted as part of the 2015 Open Internet Order. At the time, the Commission recognized that there could be a significant impact on smaller businesses, and rightfully exempted them from the require-ments. However, the FCC’s grant of a series of temporary exemptions does not give these businesses the certainty they need to make in-formed investment decisions. H.R. 4596 is a bipartisan solution to this problem. By extending the exemption for five years, and raising the threshold for the defini-tion at a small business, this legislation will protect small businesses and ultimately benefit consumers. Keeping these entrepreneurs fo-cused on laying fiber, building towers, and im-proving service means a better Internet experi-ence for their customers, and more jobs. This is what they set out to accomplish when they started their businesses—serving their com-munities, not spending hours or days com-plying with a maze of regulations and piles of paperwork. Our committee spent a great deal of time considering this problem. In addition, the ro-bust record at the FCC in support of the ex-emption confirmed our view that this extension was necessary. We heard directly from wit-nesses like the president of a small fixed wire-less provider, a former FCC commissioner, and a public interest representative. Their input both on how important this bill is, and on how to improve our early draft bill, helped us to come to the final version we are consid-ering today. Subcommittee Chairman W
ALDEN and Rep- resentative L
OEBSACK worked in a bipartisan way to come to a consensus on legislation that achieves all of our goals. The final prod-uct is a bill that we can all be proud to sup-port, and I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense solution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . VEASEY  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114– 453. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 4, insert before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including whether making such exception permanent would increase ac-cess to services provided by small busi-nesses’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 640, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 4596, which simply adds an additional com-ponent to the required report from the FCC. My amendment requests the agency to also answer whether a permanent exemption from enhanced disclosure for small Internet providers, or ISPs, could increase access to the services of-fered by these small businesses. As many of you already know, these ex-emptions were created in the FCC’s most recent update to the open Inter-net order. As Congress considers modifying or making this exemption permanent, it is important to know the impact this would have for those people the order was intended to protect, in this case, the consumers. Mr. Speaker, the real purpose of a permanent exemption should not be to just lighten the load for these busi-nesses, but also to increase access to broadband services in general. Even in urban areas, like the Dallas- Fort Worth metroplex that I represent, there is still an alarming number of people without access to all broadband services. Congress must work to enact evidence-based policy to expand Inter-net access. My amendment would simply have the FCC provide additional informa-tion regarding the effects of a perma-nent extension on a small ISP’s con-sumer base. However, after speaking with my col-leagues, including the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ), I am confident that the goal of my amendment will be achieved through the bill itself. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw my amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, reserving the right to object, I thank the gen-tleman for his participation in this process and debate. I look forward to working with him on these issues. I share his concern, and I appreciate his participation. As I say, the door is al-ways open and happy to continue. We all want the same outcome here for our consumers. Mr. Speaker, finally, I failed to in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter of support for our underlying bill signed by the heads of the American Cable Associa-tion; CCA; CTIA; United States Telecom Association; WISPA, the Wireless Internet Service Providers As-sociation; WTA, Advocates for Rural Broadband, the rural broadband coali-tion; and the National Cable & Tele-communications Association, so I would like to include that in the R
ECORD in support of this effort. 
MARCH 15, 2016. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy & Commerce, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy & Com-merce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN UPTON AND RANKING MEM-
BERPALLONE : We write to express our strong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.017 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1401 March 16, 2016 
support for H.R. 4596, the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act, which is sched-uled to be considered by the full House of Representatives tomorrow. We commend you, and Communications & Technology Subcommittee Chairman Walden and Representative Loebsack, for crafting a common-sense bill that provides small broadband providers with greater certainty than the Federal Communications Commis-sion’s temporary exemption from the en-hanced transparency obligations adopted as part of the Open Internet Order. In multiple industry submissions to the Federal Commu-nications Commission (FCC), including fil-ings regarding the Paperwork Reduction Act, small providers demonstrated that the enhanced requirements would impose time- consuming and costly compliance obliga-tions; yet, the FCC only extended the exist-ing temporary exemption for a limited time. After reviewing the record at the FCC and receiving testimony at its hearing on the legislation in January, the Communications & Technology Subcommittee found there was more than sufficient evidence to further expand and extend the exemption. We are gratified that the Committee has produced a bipartisan bill that will enable small broadband providers to focus their fi-nancial and human resources on providing high-quality broadband service to their cus-tomers rather than dealing with new regu-latory obligations. We urge support for H.R. 4596 and look forward to its approval tomor-row. President and CEO of American Cable Association, President and CEO of CCA, President and CEO of CTIA, President and CEO of National Cable & Telecommunications Association, Chief Executive Officer of NTCA—The Rural Broadband Association, Presi-dent and CEO of United States Telecom Association, Executive Vice President of WTA—Advocates for Rural Broadband, Legislative Committee Chair of WISPA. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I with-draw my reservation of objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman’s amendment is withdrawn. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1302 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 1 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Passage of H.R. 4596; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4416; and Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4434. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 4596) to ensure that small business providers of broadband Internet access service can devote re-sources to broadband deployment rath-er than compliance with cumbersome regulatory requirements, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 124] YEAS—411 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR7.020 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1402 March 16, 2016 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—22 
Adams Blackburn Brooks (IN) Burgess Coffman DesJarlais Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Gosar Granger Graves (MO) Harris Higgins Jackson Lee LaMalfa Lowey Meeks Rush Scalise Schweikert Smith (WA) Wittman 
b1322 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 124, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 124, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 124, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 124, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
EXTENDING DEADLINE FOR CON-STRUCTION OF HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT NUMBERED 12715 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4416) to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 418, nays 2, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 125] YEAS—418 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—2 
Amash Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—13 
Adams Blackburn Brady (TX) Butterfield DesJarlais Duckworth Graves (MO) Higgins Jackson Lee Rush Scalise Schweikert Smith (WA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1329 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXTENDING DEADLINE FOR CON-STRUCTION OF HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT NUMBERED 13287 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4434) to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 417, nays 2, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 126] YEAS—417 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR7.014 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1403 March 16, 2016 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Amash Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—14 
Adams Blackburn Cicilline DesJarlais Duckworth Graves (MO) Higgins Jackson Lee Norcross Nugent Rush Scalise Schweikert Smith (WA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1335 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, on March 16, 2016, I was unavoidably detained due to a family member’s health emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On rollcall No. 111, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 123, 124, 125, and 126, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S VISIT TO CUBA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, President Obama’s trip to Cuba is ill- conceived and premature. A fun trip, the President labeled it. The visit comes on the heels of declarations by the Communist Party that it will ‘‘not give up a single inch in the defense of revolutionary and anti-imperialist ideals.’’ Harrumph. This translates to over 2,555 arbitrary detentions of peaceful protesters between January and Feb-ruary of 2016 alone and over 8,000 ar-rests just last year. The President’s meeting with civil society is such a low benchmark, the official Cuban newspaper, Granma, stated that Obama’s visit destroys the myth that Cuba violates human rights. The leader of the free world has chosen a legacy-shopping photo op enjoying a baseball game with a murderer and a thug. In these critical moments for democ-racy on the island, we must support peaceful demonstrations like the one scheduled in south Florida at 11 a.m. on Sunday in front of the Bay of Pigs monument on 8th Street. (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:) It will be led by Assembly of the Cuban Resistance from Exile, Forum for Democracy and Freedom in Cuba, and Organization for Foundation for the Judicial Rescue. It will be led by La Asamblea de la Resistencia Cubana desde el exilio, el Foro por los Derechos y Libertades desde Cuba, y la organizacio´n Fundacio´n Rescate Jurı´dico. The exile community in Miami, who has welcomed many of Castro’s former political prisoners, is painfully aware of the trampling of human rights still going on today. This is not a fun trip for peaceful dissidents. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Florida will provide the Clerk a translation of her remarks. f 
IT IS TIME TO INVEST IN AMERICA (Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today Washington, D.C., was a little bit more of a mess than usual. The Metro is shut down. In part, it is a consequence of mismanagement for years; but more importantly, it is a statement about the deteriorated state of transit in America. There is an $80 billion—B, bil-lion—backlog of capital needed to bring existing transit—not new transit options to get people out of their cars and out of traffic and mitigate conges-tion—just to bring existing transit sys-tems up to a state of good repair. As I have been talking about this around the country for the last couple of years, I have been saying, you know, things are so bad that they are killing people in Washington, D.C., and that is what has been happening. It has dete-riorated to the point where we had one accident that killed six people and a fire last year that killed one person. We need to make these repairs. We need them made in America. We have the strongest Buy America require-ments for transit of any part of the Federal Government. It will provide American jobs. It will give Americans better commuting opportunities. It will make our people safe on transit. But this body has failed to bring for-ward or even allow a vote on additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR7.017 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1404 March 16, 2016 
funding for transportation infrastruc-ture in this country. It is a crisis. We are becoming third or maybe fourth world in our infrastructure. Bridges are falling down, potholes, and transit sys-tems that are falling apart; it is time to invest in America. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FAILURES (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Veterans Administration failed to con-tact thousands of veterans who sub-mitted applications for health care. Apparently, those applications were in-complete, but the VA did not tell the vets to correct the applications and re-submit them; so the applications were left pending on a shelf with no action by the VA and no health care for the veterans. Reports state that nearly 300,000 veterans died waiting for a reso-lution from the VA. Of course, the VA blamed the vet-erans. This is a farce. The veterans never even received a follow-up call to finish their supposedly incomplete ap-plications. These mistakes are that of the VA, not the veterans. The VA should be ashamed. Government bungling stood in the way of these warriors receiving health care and broke a promise the Nation gave to them. The VA’s dysfunctional bureaucrats need to be removed, and veterans should be allowed to have a voucher that gives them the privilege to go to their own doctors, doctors who are more concerned about health care than paperwork. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
REMEMBERING MARTIN OLAV SABO (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I come to the well of the floor today to pay homage and honor to a great Minneso-tan and a Member of this body, Martin Olav Sabo. He was the Congressperson who preceded me to represent the Fifth Congressional District. I can say without any reservation that very, very few people can boast to be greater public servants than Martin Sabo in my State of Minnesota or in America. Martin Sabo served for more than 40 years in public life, 28 years in Con-gress. He was the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget, and he was also a good friend to all. I will say that he was always gracious and well-man-nered. He was a helpful person, and he was available to mentor literally hun-dreds of Minnesota politicians, public activists, and servants. It is with a heavy heart that I give these remarks because, of course, it would be wonderful to have all of our friends, including Martin Sabo, be with us for a long, long time; but, of course, every one of us does leave this world, and when they do, they would be very, very lucky to make the mark that Martin Sabo did—a great man, a great Minnesotan. f 
b1345 CHANGE NEEDED AT WMATA (Mrs. COMSTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, yes-terday afternoon the Washington Met-ropolitan Area Transit Authority, our Metro system, informed us that they would be suspending operations all day today and into tonight. While I appreciate that the new gen-eral manager had to make this decision to keep our riders safe, what this does is highlight many more widespread problems throughout the system that have been present for years that we need to address. We know a culture change in management needs to hap-pen. When our delegation met with the new manager at the end of last year, we told him we needed to have a man-agement change and that we needed to see some action taken quickly. I am appreciative the Transportation chair-man is going to have hearings on this. I want to read to you an example of why we need changes here. A trainee at Metro talked about the incompetence there. He said: 
I’ll be honest with you. I studied harder for fast-food jobs and waiter jobs when I was in college than I did for their training program at Metro. Their testing program is a joke. 
This is from a Washingtonian article in December of last year. WMATA and Metro lifers who haven’t left for years need to start leaving so that we can have a new man-agement culture there. 
f 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Wy-oming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I wel-come my colleagues for a Special Order about Women’s History Month. This month of March we are blessed with the opportunity to discuss the op-portunities particularly presented by the Republican Party and the philoso-phies of the Republican Party as they relate to women, women’s history and women’s future and the opportunity to be involved in building women up and providing opportunities in the future, an opportunity culture that is shared by men and women to make sure that our homeland is safe and secure, to make sure that our families are in an environment that will be uplifting. These are some of the topics we will be discussing today. I am joined by several colleagues, one of whom I would like to call on first. Incidentally, the first colleague I am calling on is a Republican man with whom I graduated from law school as a student at the University of Wyoming College of Law. My own home State of Wyoming is the first government in the world to continuously grant women the right to vote. That occurred in 1869. Colorado, the home State of this gentleman, is the first State to grant women the right to vote. I yield to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. BUCK). Mr. BUCK. I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming, my friend and law school classmate, for her great leader-ship on this issue. I am proud to come from a State that was not only the first to give women the right to vote, but the first to elect women to the State legislature. My wife Perry is continuing that great tra-dition as a member of the Colorado General Assembly. Many women have impacted our neighborhoods, our communities, and our Nation. But I want to speak briefly today about the many women who will impact our world. They have ideas and ambitions and callings. They have machines to in-vent, deals to negotiate, people to heal, diseases to cure, and legislation to pass. Republicans are advancing an agenda to help these women impact our future. We are focused on making the country more secure, on creating jobs, on re-placing ObamaCare with a patient-cen-tered alternative, on extending oppor-tunity to all children, and on pro-tecting the freedom at the heart of our prosperity. Women don’t need government get-ting in their way. That is why the ef-forts of Congress to reassert its author-ity and roll back executive overreach are so vital. Congress has the responsibility to create an environment where women thrive. In 100 years, I hope we are cele-brating the women who made this country great, not lamenting the gov-ernment that stopped them. Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank the gen-tleman for being here today and ac-knowledging the importance of Wom-en’s History Month and the involve-ment of women in politics and govern-ment and for his leadership in his home State of Colorado. Next I would like to yield to a long-standing colleague who is well known 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.028 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1405 March 16, 2016 
to the House of Representatives. V IR-
GINIA FOXXhas done more on workforce development issues in the last couple of years than have been done in many, many years in the House of Represent-atives. She is the first in her family to grad-uate from college, earn a master’s and doctorate degree, and then went on to be the president of an institute of high-er learning, a community college. Her presidency there also lifted edu-cation in her home State. She is the chairwoman of the House Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce Training. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from North Carolina’s Fifth District (Ms. F
OXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gresswoman L
UMMIS for her leadership in this Special Order this afternoon and for all the great work that she has done. She is a wonderful role model for women. She has lent her expertise as the former treasurer of her State, and has brought much, much talent to the House of Representatives. I appreciate all that she has done since she has been here. We all know, I think, that March is Women’s History Month, which honors and celebrates the struggles and achievements of American women throughout the history of the United States. Since 1917, when Republican Jeannette Rankin of Montana became the first woman to serve in Congress, 313 women have served as U.S. Rep-resentatives, Senators, or Delegates. Many Americans might assume that their congressional Representatives come from exclusive and rarified back-grounds. Well, my story could hardly be less rarified. As a child, my family’s home didn’t have electricity or running water. My parents, while dedicated and hard-working, were very poor, with little formal education. Girls with my back-ground weren’t likely to end up in Con-gress. Fortunately, I was pushed by the right people, teachers and administra-tors who wouldn’t let me settle for less than my best. In the mountains of North Carolina, I learned firsthand the power of edu-cation and its vital role in the success of every American. Although it took me 7 years while working full-time, I became the first in my family to go to college and earn a degree. In the 1970s, I was a member of the League of Women Voters. Through the League, I attended school board meet-ings in my county as a public observer to encourage accountability of elected officials. I went to countless meetings, many times as the only person rep-resenting the general public. During one meeting of an all-male school board, a local reporter leaned over and said: These guys are incom-petent. Why don’t you run for the school board? My instinctive response was: I am not qualified. I think many women fall prey to this attitude of self-disqualification and un-derestimate their abilities. I took an-other look at those board members and changed my mind. Eventually, I ran for the school board. While I lost that first race, I won the next election for school board, and I haven’t lost an election since. So while I may not have had wealthy parents or an Ivy League education, I did have what every single American has: opportunity. A few weeks ago I spoke to a local Girl Scout troop about Congress and its role in our government. As the group was leaving my office, one of the parents pulled me aside and said how glad she was that the girls had the op-portunity to hear from a woman in my position. Women are a stronger presence than ever before on Capitol Hill. We have rich and varied perspectives and a com-mitment to good ideas and teamwork. The women of the 114th Congress are shaping our Nation, and it is an oppor-tunity and responsibility that we take seriously. Although I am now serving in my sixth term as a Representative from North Carolina, I am still really a teacher at heart, having spent the lion’s share of my life working as an educator and administrator in North Carolina colleges and universities. I believe confronting the challenges facing American schools and work-places is critical to providing oppor-tunity for every individual to get ahead. That is why, as chairwoman of the House Subcommittee on Higher Edu-cation and Workforce Training, I have led efforts to modernize and reform the Nation’s workforce development sys-tem. I appreciate very much my col-league mentioning that. In 2014, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act was signed into law. This bipartisan, bicameral com-promise between the SKILLS Act that I authored and the Senate’s Workforce Investment Act of 2013 streamlines and improves existing Federal workforce development programs and fosters a modern workforce that American busi-nesses can rely on to compete. House Republicans have also fought to limit one-size-fits-all Federal dic-tates that hamper innovation and limit the ability of States and local schools to address their students’ needs. Last fall we passed the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act, which reverses Washington’s micromanagement of classrooms and gives parents, teachers, and local education leaders the tools they need to repair a broken system and help all children reach their poten-tial. Unfortunately, many Americans still struggle to realize the dream of higher education because our current system is often expensive, inflexible, and out-dated. Too many students are unable to complete college, saddled with loan debt and ill-equipped to compete in our modern economy. The United States is the world’s sum-mit of opportunity, and we have a re-sponsibility to act now to preserve that role. House Republicans are pursuing reforms that will help all individuals, regardless of age, location, or back-ground, access and complete higher education, if they choose. We are working to empower students and families to make informed deci-sions. We want to simplify and improve student aid as well as promote innova-tion access and completion. We are committed to ensuring strong account-ability and a limited Federal role. By keeping college within reach for students and preserving the excellence in diversity that has always set Amer-ica’s colleges and universities apart, our country and our economy stand to benefit. While Women’s History Month cele-brates the incredible accomplishments of women throughout America’s his-tory, the most lasting tribute we can pay is our efforts to improve this Na-tion for the next generation of women. Rather than simply being discour-aged by the many problems facing our country and our world, I have learned to be an agent of change focused on the problems that can be solved and the people who can be helped. I thank my friend who encouraged me back in the 1970s to run for the school board because of the opportuni-ties it has provided me to help other people throughout my life. Mrs. LUMMIS. We are tackling five big priorities that women care about this year: national security, jobs, health care, upward mobility, and bal-ance of power. You just heard from Congresswoman F
OXXabout jobs, about education, and upward mobility that comes through those avenues. The other areas we are talking about include national security and health care. No one in Congress is better pre-pared to address those issues than our next speaker. Mr. Speaker, I welcome the first woman to represent the Second Dis-trict of North Carolina, which includes all of Fort Bragg, home of the airborne and Special Operations Forces. She has served on the House Energy and Commerce Committee since 2012 and currently serves as chairman of the Republican Women’s Policy Com-mittee. Prior to running for office, she worked as a registered nurse for over 21 years and owned a general surgery practice with her husband Brent in Dunn, North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ), someone with real life experience in the areas of health care and who represents a district that is so profoundly influential in this Nation’s national security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.031 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1406 March 16, 2016 
b1400 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I thank my friend and colleague from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). I just want to say how much I appreciate her leader-ship, especially today, as we are talk-ing about Women’s History Month and the different roles that we, as women in Congress, are playing, and how we want to formulate and build the struc-ture into the future for all women. I thank her for her service to all of us in representing Wyoming. Mr. Speaker, this month is Women’s History Month. It is an opportunity to highlight the various ways women in America are pushing the envelope to leave a positive and lasting imprint on society. As the first woman to represent North Carolina’s Second District, and the first woman in our State to rep-resent Fort Bragg, national security remains one of my utmost priorities. So when I learned of a proposal to de-activate the 440th Airlift Wing located at Pope Army Airfield in Fort Bragg, I rallied my North Carolina colleagues. For nearly 2 years, we went toe-to-toe with the Air Force on this misguided decision. The 440th is known for its ability to rapidly mobilize and execute last- minute exercises. It is unique in its mission and provides unparalleled lev-els of training to paratroopers of the 18th Airborne Corps. Deactivation of the Airlift Wing would undoubtedly affect our military readiness and it could jeopardize the safety of our paratroopers. Given the global uncertainty abroad right now, this decision just doesn’t make sense. To fight this ill-conceived decision, I coordinated with my North Carolina colleagues to question top military leaders here at the Capitol. During these same meetings, we sought an-swers to tough questions and asked for data to back up their justification for the Wing’s closure. As a woman representing the mili-tary base, I have remained unwavering in my work to acquire answers. I have asked for meetings with the Air Force Reserve, the Army, the Pentagon, members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and local Fort Bragg commanders. The threat of terrorism abroad and the growth of radical groups like ISIS makes the decision to deactivate even more baffling. Constituents back home in North Carolina feel the same way, so I have charged forward in my efforts to prevent its closure. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to reiterate that the Re-publican women in Congress are mak-ing history in a variety of ways. As women, we are working to create new opportunities, restore a confident America, and ensure the safety and se-curity of every family living in our country. Again I thank my good friend, Con-gresswoman L
UMMIS , for hosting to-day’s Special Order, for being the per-son that she is, representing Wyoming, being a leader amongst all of us, as women in Congress, and allowing us to speak about the individual initiatives that we are tackling as women. Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank the gentle-woman and acknowledge her expertise on health care, and want to raise an issue that I would love to hear her comments on. One of the bills that I am cospon-soring is a bill called the Research for All Act, and it would acknowledge that most medical research focuses on men, and studying women is suggested, but not required. Now, sometimes different drugs have different effects on women than they do on men, and vice versa. For exam-ple, there is a diabetes drug study that shows that their drug may lower wom-en’s risk of heart failure, but increase a man’s; and unless we have adequate studies done on both men and women, we won’t recognize those differences or nuances in treatment options that should be tailored differently to men and women. Based on your experience in nursing, your lifelong career there, do you have any comments about other healthcare initiatives that women are working on here in Congress? Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. First of all, I thank the gentlewoman for her piece of legislation on that par-ticular issue because it shows the im-portance and how incredibly accurate you are when you are saying that there are so many differences in treatments geared towards women and geared to-wards men. When you highlight heart conditions, that is the number one killer of women in this country, when we look at dis-ease. Heart disease is the number one. When we look at this, we know that women respond differently to symp-toms of heart disease than men do, and so do the drugs. So that is a perfect ex-ample of why we have to be focusing from a perspective where we consider both genders. There are so many things that are being worked on here in Washington by the women leaders that we have. For instance, some of the things that we have been able to pass on a large bipar-tisan scale have to do with breast can-cer. The USPSTF came out with a deci-sion saying that women between the ages 40–49 don’t necessarily have to have mammograms, and so, therefore, their insurance companies shouldn’t have to pay for it. I worked across the aisle on legisla-tion to stop that from moving forward, and we were able to put a 2-year mora-torium on that decision so that we can actually bring a consensus together. The last thing we want to do for women in this country is send out more mixed messages on breast cancer and the treatment of and the preven-tion of. So we are working with our colleagues, as Republicans and Demo-crats. Another perfect example of a healthcare decision that is being made by the USPSTF right now is essen-tially interrupting the process for men to get a PSA test, which is the only way we can diagnose prostate cancer. It is a simple blood test, and right now they are making decisions as to wheth-er or not insurance companies should have to pay for that. I think that is devastating. And then, of course, I will just say, Medicare remains one of the major issues that we are working on. I will tell you that all of the women in the Republican conference are dedicated to this effort. There are some new rule changes that are coming out from CMS now that we are all targeting, and we have got to do that for every senior in this country who is receiving Medicare. They need the health care that they deserve, and we have got to do every-thing we can to make sure that it is ac-cessible to them. But, obviously, the largest—the ele-phant in the room, if you will, is, of course, the Affordable Care Act, and we continue to be dedicated to this issue. In North Carolina, I can tell you it is a mess with the insurance plans. The individual plans themselves have sky-rocketed from 30 to 40 to 50 percent in-crease in premiums, with an equal in-crease on the deductible. The out-of-pocket costs that families in North Carolina now are spending is outrageous. They are literally making decisions to not go to the doctor when they need health care because they don’t want to have to pay extra. This is unacceptable. It certainly was not the intention of the Affordable Care Act. As you know, my dear colleague, we have had many of the solutions to this problem, and I believe that the women in our conference are going to lead and be a strong voice to our leadership for us to move forward so that we can show the American people that we have alternatives to the Affordable Care Act that will continue to give them good coverage, but also continue to support good health care. The 21st Century Cures Act we passed in 2015 is another perfect example of all of us coming together to ensure the American people get the coverage, the cures. What better way to save dollars in health care than to come up with cures? If we could just find one on Alz-heimer’s alone, we would save incred-ible amounts of money. Listen, I am just proud and honored to be able to have a voice, especially when it comes to health care because, as we know, health care touches every life, and we have to do everything as Members of Congress, as mothers, as sisters, to do everything we can for the American people. Mrs. LUMMIS. Alzheimer’s, which you mentioned, is a disease where two- thirds of the patients are women, which also means that men are 50 per-cent less likely to get it. So the impor-tance of having women making policy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.032 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1407 March 16, 2016 
on these issues is very high because we are the ones who are dealing with fre-quently female relatives, be they mothers, sisters, aunts, who are suf-fering from Alzheimer’s. When we have people like Congress-woman E
LLMERS , who has a nursing background, a medical professional background, we have the opportunity to use that expertise that she has gained in her prior career, in her capac-ity as a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, where much of the healthcare-related legislation originates in this Congress. In addition, our new Speaker of the House, P
AUL RYAN, has put together several idea-gathering groups to make sure that we are building an agenda for the next Congress that will address these issues that have festered during the last 8 years; among them, the unac-ceptable consequences of ObamaCare that have created the situations which you described in your home State. Can you give us a sneak preview about what some of these idea meet-ings are bringing to light about the di-rection of healthcare policy, as crafted by the Republican Party, about your role in those idea sessions, and how we intend to roll out health care that truly is affordable? Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Well, I will just say that I have had the honor of being part of the Republican Study Committee group that has worked on alternatives to the Afford-able Care Act, and we have come up with about 10 or 12 different issue- based sections that are good policy that really have been there for a while, that many of our members have had; and we have actually culminated it into a plan of action that would take care of the issue and cover those things that the Affordable Care Act is leaving the American people behind. One of the issues is choice, being able to choose a plan for your family that you feel is appropriate. Unfortunately, the Affordable Care Act, it was pro-moted as something that provided in-credible choice. You were going to be able to go to your doctor. You were going to be able to go to the hospital you wanted. It was going to bring down the cost. And none of those things have come to be true. So now we have to go in and we have to change that. You should be able to buy insurance across State lines or from a different perspective rather than what you have within your own State. You should be able to have a healthcare savings plan where you can put dollars away and be responsible for yourself. Young people are in a different situa-tion. They shouldn’t have to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars every month on a healthcare plan that they cannot afford when they can have a much more economical issue there, an-other situation that they can deal with. Another big issue is tort reform at the national level. I think this is some-thing that will also save dollars. There are many, many ideas from the busi-ness side of it, with small businesses to larger businesses having better choices, being able to negotiate healthcare plans. So when we are talking about health care and we are talking about the af-fordable care, what we really are talk-ing about is healthcare coverage. And I think that is one of the most impor-tant parts of this discussion that many times, I think, gets confused. We are talking about healthcare cov-erage, which leads to better health care. We should be doing everything we can to make sure that it is accessible to every American, and to take care of those who cannot take care of them-selves. Pre-existing conditions is a huge issue. We have to be able to deal with that. We know that we cannot leave the American people hanging. In other words, when we talk about wanting to repeal it, we know that there has to be a process in place to make sure that there is a safety net for all of those families who have been forced off of their insurance plans and on to an af-fordable care plan that was not their choice, only they were forced to do it because it became law. Now we have to make sure that we are providing an option for them, one that will move them from one place to another, a much better place. I will just say again that we are dedi-cated to this issue. It is the main rea-son I ran for Congress to begin with. I will not let up on this until we actually have the solutions that we are looking for. b1415 I am looking forward to our working together over this next year on this issue and just moving health care for-ward in so many different ways. Unfor-tunately, the Federal Government does have a lot to do with what is working and what is not working, and I am just very happy to be part of that conversa-tion. Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank our colleague for her dedication and commitment to health care for Americans that will truly work for them. Speaking of which, and in recogni-tion of a wonderful woman who is an example of the types of healthcare issues that we are addressing this afternoon as part of our focus on Wom-en’s History Month, we have been joined by the good gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. S
ALMON ), who would like to pay tribute to a woman from his great State of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona, Congressman M
ATT S
ALMON . Mr. SALMON. First, before I start honoring this wonderful woman, I would like to say that I learned early in my life, in my church, that if you want to talk about something, you convene a meeting with a bunch of men; if you want to solve something, you convene a meeting with women. Mrs. LUMMIS. My former Senator, Alan Simpson, used to say: ‘‘The cock croweth, but the hen delivereth the goods.’’ Mr. SALMON. I thank the gentle-woman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak very, very lovingly and admiringly about one of the most wonderful people I have ever gotten a chance to know in my life. Her name is Laura Knaperek. I first met Laura when I was a State legislator. I was assigned to be on the health committee, and Laura was a cit-izen activist that came down to cham-pion the cause of families, and specifi-cally families with children with devel-opmental disabilities. I was amazed then at her passion, and I remember telling her: You ought to run for office some day. She was a beloved member of the Ari-zona community and a tireless cham-pion for those with developmental dis-abilities and one of the strongest advo-cates for families I have ever met in my life. She sought to lift people’s lives around her. She was first elected to the State leg-islature in 1994. She set herself apart as a selfless public servant. A few weeks ago, our Speaker, in talking to the Conference, mentioned that there are two types of people in politics: there are doers, and there are be-ers. Laura Knaperek was a doer. She was not in-terested in having the title of being a State legislator; she was interested in solving the problems of the day. She was diagnosed, in 2012, with ovar-ian cancer. I remember seeing her shortly after that diagnosis, and there was no despair and no concern. With-out missing a beat, she just wanted to talk about how she could uplift other people’s lives. I remember Laura decided to cham-pion an idea in Arizona, which I believe is an idea whose time has come. It is the right called the Right to Try. I think it was one of the very first States in the country that has tried to pass this by referendum. Laura was successful in doing this. It basically allows individuals with terminal diseases access to things that aren’t necessarily approved by the FDA yet. If it is their last-ditch chance, they ought to have a shot at life, and that was Laura’s contention. She championed this idea, and it passed overwhelmingly at the ballot. I am sad to say that, 4 years after her diagnosis, she succumbed to this dread disease. I was shocked because Laura was on Facebook and every other social media outlet constantly championing ideas and thoughts of others, and she never said anything about herself. She never wallowed in self-pity. She was the kind of person that realized that the great-est service that we can do is serving other people. In my church, there is a saying that, when you are in the service of your fel-low being, you are in the service of God. I think Laura understood that better than anybody. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.033 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1408 March 16, 2016 
Because of Laura, I introduced H.R. 3012, the Right to Try Act, introduced the last session of Congress. I think that Americans deserve the same op-portunity that Arizonans have to be able to try to save their life and do whatever is necessary to save their life if they are terminally ill and they have no other options, no hope. I think that we can honor Laura and others like her by allowing everybody across the United States who suffers from a terminal illness the access to every tool available to help them fight for their precious life. The Right to Try, to me, is, in reality, a component of the God-given right to life. The Right to Try offers hope to those who have nowhere else to turn. Laura Knaperek passed away at the age of 60, leaving behind her husband, Robert, their 6 children, 19 grand-children, and 1 great-grandchild. I ask my colleagues to join with me today in honoring Laura’s life and pray that we continue Laura’s fight to allow those with terminal illnesses another chance at life. I thank the gentlewoman. Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank the gen-tleman for that warm tribute to a woman who selflessly provided an op-tion that women and men can use in the event that they are terminally ill where a possible drug treatment or other type of treatment has been iden-tified that has not yet cleared the FDA drug analysis and has not yet been ap-proved but may be tremendously help-ful to preserving these lives that will be otherwise cut short so early, espe-cially a woman of Laura’s caliber, who, at 60 years of age, died, leaving such a wonderful family. I thank the gentleman for sponsoring the legislation giving people the same opportunities that Arizonans have. Have you reintroduced that piece of legislation in this Congress? Mr. SALMON. Actually, we are going to be reintroducing it, and we are prob-ably going to rename it Laura’s Law in honor of Laura Knaperek. There are very few times in your life that you meet somebody that you think they got the memo mixed up in Heaven, that God sent a memo that said that this person that is supposed to be an angel actually got to come down to Earth. That was Laura. She was an angel, a living angel, and some-body that gave a lot of people reason for hope through the course of her life, and she never, ever sought recognition. All she sought was helping others and changing other people’s lives. Do you know what? That is the standard I think we all aspire to, but there are rare occasions where we find somebody that just embodies every-thing that is good. Mrs. LUMMIS. As we celebrate Wom-en’s History Month, we look for that junction between women who have done historic things, women such as Laura, and the way that they have paved the way for policies that can be implemented that provide opportuni-ties for people that are in a similar condition as hers to have some hope and a chance at a longer life. We are grateful that Congressman S
ALMON has been willing to pick up the torch of her good work and bring it to the attention of, and hopefully the ap-proval of, this Congress. I thank the gentleman for his role in this Congress, for acknowledging the importance of Laura’s life for today’s Special Order on Women’s History Month, and for carrying on her fine work in his capacity as a fine gen-tleman who is doing the best to rep-resent his State, and in doing so, en-hances the opportunity for every American in this Nation. I thank the gentleman. Mr. SALMON. Will the gentlewoman yield? Mrs. LUMMIS. I yield to the gen-tleman from Arizona. Mr. SALMON. I do want to say one other thing. I know that the gentlewoman is going to be retiring after the end of this term, and I just want to say what a true honor it has been to serve with a statesman such as yourself. You are truly one of the bright spots in this place. There have been a lot of times when I feel like I kind of had to kick myself extra hard to get motivated to come back and get on that plane and come to Washington, D.C., and leave my family behind; but there are people that give me hope, and you are one of those peo-ple. You will be sorely missed. It doesn’t matter whether you are a woman or not a woman. You happen to be. You are a fine, fine individual, and I am proud to know you. Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank the gen-tleman. It is an honor to serve with you. I know you are completing your sec-ond tour of duty in this Congress as well and will be returning to a lovely family in Arizona. Those of us who are from the West are blessed to live in beautiful places with people that cre-ate a society that matches the scenery, and you are an important part of that society. Clearly, Laura was an important part of that society. She enhanced your life; and you, in turn, enhance ours. I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his service. Here, in Women’s History Month, I can’t help but toot the horn of my great State of Wyoming, the first gov-ernment in the world to grant women the right to vote. We also had the first woman Governor, the first woman jus-tice of the peace, the first woman grand juror, the first women who were elected delegates to the Republican and Democratic National Conventions, and the first woman elected official in the country, who happened to be the State superintendent of public instruc-tion, Estelle Reel. All of these women were trailblazers. This all happened 50 years before the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitu-tion granted all American women the right to vote. Wyoming territory, in 1869, became the first government in the world to continuously grant women the right to vote, and it has been my privilege as a woman from the great State of Wyo-ming to follow a woman colleague, Congresswoman Barbara Cubin, who served 14 years in this body. I now, in my eighth term, make a combined total of 22 consecutive years where our beloved State of Wyoming has been represented in this House of Represent-atives by women. And that is really saying something, since Wyoming only has one Member of Congress. It is, in-deed, a great honor. These women, however, we cannot just celebrate their past, our past, and the opportunities that we enjoy in this great Nation. We have to use what we have learned as American women to enhance the lives of our fellow Ameri-cans as we serve here, which is one of the reasons that we are both cele-brating Women’s History Month and discussing specifically, today, what the Republican Party is doing. Women’s History Month is our oppor-tunity to celebrate the incredible ac-complishments women have made to America. But the most lasting tribute we can pay this month is our effort to make history for the next generation of women. That is why House Repub-licans are building an agenda to restore a confident America where every American feels secure in their lives and their futures. The five big priorities that women care about that we are working on to-gether this year include: national secu-rity, which was discussed by R
ENEE  E
LLMERS ; jobs, which was discussed, of course, by V
IRGINIA FOXX; health care, where we have several nurses and med-ical practitioners that are women that are deeply involved in this legislative project; and upward mobility, some-thing that is important to all Ameri-cans, but especially women. When you consider how many women heads of household there are; when you consider that a rising tide lifts all boats, and when women earn more money, families do better, children do better, women do better, and men do better, it is very important, when we are talking about upward mobility, that opportunities are provided for women by having a Tax Code that does not burden them and by having jobs that come back to this country that have previously left this country. We can do that by changing our Tax Code in a way that allows us to bring jobs back to this country so those em-ployers and their employees are not pe-nalized by higher taxes that we have through a Tax Code that makes sure that corporations pay more taxes here than they do in other countries. That is why we have what are called inver-sions. That is why people are leaving this country to take their jobs to other countries. We need to bring them back, providing more opportunities to have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.034 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1409 March 16, 2016 
great jobs here in this country for women, heads of household, and for all members of our society and culture. With women making the majority of healthcare decisions in this country, we need to repeal and replace the Af-fordable Care Act with an act that will provide opportunities for a market-place for insurance that acknowledges that some people have preexisting con-ditions and you will not be penalized for such, that acknowledges that some people just want catastrophic coverage and later in their life can move into a system that maybe provides more spe-cific coverage, and that allows you to shop for insurance across State lines. You can find a product that works spe-cifically for you and that has a pool of participants large enough so that a very small population State like mine can be involved in a bigger pool, there-by bringing down the risk and bringing down the costs for those of us in very small States. b1430 We have to be looking also at specific healthcare issues. Multiple sclerosis is much more prevalent in the Inter-mountain West than it is in a lot of other areas. Research being done right now at Cornell University is showing that there is a possible connection between multiple sclerosis and a fungus in the soils. These are the kinds of unusual con-nections when research is done that will allow us to address certain healthcare issues that may be more prevalent in one region than another, a healthcare system that is flexible and affordable and recognizes that not all healthcare issues are the same for men or women, for the Intermountain West versus the coastal States, for the Afri-can American population, for the His-panic American population, for the White population. These are all things that need to be discussed in the context of an afford-able healthcare system that recognizes the tremendous scientific advantages that we enjoy by virtue of having a first-class higher education system. We have to make sure that that high-er education system continues to ad-vance opportunities for all people that can contribute to the body of knowl-edge that have made America the greatest country in the world. Women currently making up the largest component of the higher edu-cation population will be leading the way among them. Mr. Speaker, before I wrap up this Special Order that has acknowledged women’s history in this country and acknowledges the work that is being done here in Congress to make sure the future for American women is brighter, better, more prosperous, and more ful-filling than ever, I yield to the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), a cham-pion of healthcare revision that will benefit both men and women. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for yielding to me on this important topic. I am privileged to be here on the floor listening to this discussion that we have today. I think of the many, many hours that roll back as far back as 2009, when the healthcare debate began to get intensi-fied here in this Congress. From the be-ginning, for me, it was about freedom. I often say to people that the most sovereign thing that we have is our soul. We are in charge of that. We are in control of that. With God’s help, we are in the management of our own soul. The Federal Government hasn’t figured out how to tax it, how to na-tionalize it, or how to manage it. That may be a point of profundity, but what is the second most sovereign thing that we have, aside from our soul? Number two is our skin and ev-erything inside it, our bodies. The Federal Government has figured out under ObamaCare how to nation-alize that, how to do—I call it a hostile takeover of our skin and everything in-side it—and tell us: We are going to tax your paycheck and we are going to command you to take that money and pay a health insurance premium, not the policy of your choice, but the pol-icy of Uncle Sam’s choice. Then that policy, the rules written within it and the thousands of pages of rules that have been written on ObamaCare since, will determine whether you get health care or at least whether you get it paid for out of your health insurance policy or not. That I call a hostile takeover of my skin and everything inside it. It is abhorrent to me for a free people to be subjugated to such a law. Yet, the other side of this is that we have had elections in 2010, 2012, 2014, and now an election coming up in 2016. The results of this upcoming election might be the one where we finally set the full 100 percent ‘‘rip it out by the roots as if it had never been enacted’’ ObamaCare. ‘‘Repeal it completely and entirely as if it had never been enacted’’ actually are the last words of the repeal bill that I wrote in the middle of the night after it passed here on March 22, 2010, a sleepless night, I might add. The question was: What is the other side of the glorious repeal of ObamaCare? A number of really good things that we would have done by now if it weren’t obstructed by the policy that exists in front of us that is named after our President. The first and I think most important one is to provide for selling insurance across State lines. There is legislation there that has existed for years called the McCarran-Ferguson Act. It is legislation that enables the States to write the mandates and the specifications in such a way that the States can be lobbied by large health insurance companies whose goal is to have a monopoly within each of those States. That is trade protectionism that is allowed. It is in violation of the Com-merce Clause in the Constitution, I might add. But the McCarran-Ferguson Act enables that. We need to repeal the components of the McCarran-Ferguson Act so that a young man, while at the beginning of this dialogue in 2009 or 2010—a 23-year- old young man would be paying about $6,000 a year for a typical health insur-ance policy in New Jersey, but a young man, same age, similarly situated in Kentucky, would be paying about $1,000 a year. This would let the young man from New Jersey buy the policy from Ken-tucky, which, eventually, the competi-tion would bring the price down in New Jersey, probably wouldn’t bring it up in Kentucky, and we would see that the opportunities we would have as Ameri-cans we could trade for health insur-ance in any State. Free trade zones on health insurance, what a wonderful thing. Then the Fed-eral mandates would be gone. They would be away. That would mean that especially young people that could wisely manage their investments would be able to buy a health savings account. The way they were set up in 2003, a couple at age 20 could have invested $5,150 a year. That was the max-out in an HSA. If they spent about $2,000 a year for normal medical costs and accrued the balance of that at the 40-year average of interest rate, they would arrive at 65 Medicare eligibility with approxi-mately $950,000 in their health savings account. Uncle Sam’s interest in that HSA at that point, that nearly $1 million, would be to tax it as real income when it comes out of the HSA. Well, I would say instead, if you could buy a Medicare replacement pol-icy in the dollars, when we did the math on this, for the couple for $144,000, the government would tax the balance. I would say keep the change tax free. If you take yourself off of the Medi-care rolls, the entitlement rolls, by buying a replacement annuitized, paid- up-for-life policy to replace the Medi-care liability, keep the change tax free, say, $150,000, around $800,000 tax free, that becomes your retirement account. The HSA has become now a life man-agement account where you would be planning your health insurance. The more money you had in your HSA, the more deductible you could sustain, the higher deductible and the higher co- payment. With that nest egg of an HSA, you could negotiate the health insurance premiums down. You would manage your way, get your exercise, get your check-ups, because you would want to be able to live long and healthy to spend all of that mad money, if you choose, that balance of $800,000. That is the kind of thing that is in front of us if we can get ObamaCare out of the way. Sell insurance across State lines, expand HSAs, address the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.035 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1410 March 16, 2016 
tort reform piece of this, which is bil-lions of dollars a year that is unneces-sarily spent on tests that are done to protect from the liability that is there. With these packages, other good ideas that come from other Members doing this in the fashion and vision by our Founding Fathers, we go out to where all of the solutions are, out to the voices and ideas of the people, bring those ideas here. Each of us, our job, the gentlewoman from Wyoming’s job and mine, is to sort through the good ideas, bring the best ideas here to Washington, let our best ideas compete with the other good ideas, and put that out on the Presi-dent’s desk for the solutions that we really need. I appreciate the attention and the op-portunity to speak. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Iowa for his lead-ership on this issue, for being a devoted husband, father, and father-in-law. I know that the women in his life have influenced his perspective on these healthcare issues, as have so many of us. I thank him for partici-pating in this discussion, this Special Order, celebrating Women’s History Month. I want to conclude the Special Order by highlighting two Republican women with whom I serve in Congress who are truly doing courageous things in their lives with their families. First of all, Congresswoman C
ATHY  M
CMORRIS RODGERS , who is the highest ranking Republican woman in this con-ference, is our conference leader. She is the mother of three children. One is a special needs child, a friend to all of us, a delightful young man who was born while she was serving in Congress, as were her other two chil-dren. The devotion that C
ATHY MCMORRIS  R
ODGERS has to her family and to par-ents of special needs children has brought about important legislation that is good for parents and special needs children all over this country. As we celebrate this Women’s His-tory Month, I want to acknowledge our colleague C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS  for her important role in this Congress as a leader on this issue and many oth-ers. I also want to acknowledge our col-league J
AIME HERRERA BEUTLER , who is from the State of Washington. J
AIME, during a pregnancy which occurred while she also was serving as a Member of this Congress, as she still does, expe-rienced a pregnancy that would have brought about the death of her child. But because she was courageous enough to test and, like Laura’s Law, allow a rather experimental treatment where she was injected with a saline solution in utero that allowed that baby to continue to mature until its birth, at which point it was allowed to grow and had dialysis, and then, at a point at which that child had become big enough and healthy enough, re-ceived an organ transplant from J
AIME HERRERA BEUTLER ’s husband, the fa-ther of the child. That child and that father and that mother, who we continue to serve with here in this Congress, are all doing well. This is the first known child to survive, given the condition that that child was identified as having before it was born. Most doctors recommend that a par-ent terminate that pregnancy or, in many cases, that pregnancy will be ter-minated on its own without any in-volvement outside of the womb. But in J
AIME’Scase, she took the ex-traordinary step of having a saline in-jection to allow that child to continue to grow and mature in a way that al-lowed it to be born. This is a lovely child, another friend of all of ours, because, occasionally, that child visits us here in the Cloak-room behind this floor of the House. What an honor to serve with these two courageous mothers who, while having these children and going through these extraordinary issues, are serving their States, their districts, their Nations in this Congress, and contributing to uplifting women in this country through their service to this Congress. As I conclude this tribute to Wom-en’s History Month, I want to remind people that women in this Congress are making a difference with regard to leg-islation that affects all of us, whether they are in the avenues of natural re-sources, water, air—the areas that I spend most of my time on—whether they are in the areas of health care, jobs, or higher education. The areas that women in Congress are interested in are as diverse as the areas that men are interested in, but women bring a different perspective to those same issues. Women look out into the future. When I served in the Wyoming Legis-lature, our chief clerk, who sits up there just as these folks do and ob-serves what is happening, was one day asked: Can you tell a difference be-tween the way men and women legis-late, regardless of whether they are Democrats or Republicans? He said: Absolutely. Women are look-ing to the future. They are not focused on the next election. They are focused beyond the next election for what will be good for their children, their grand-children, and future of the Nation. b1445 As I observed his comments through-out my legislative years in Wyoming and now throughout my legislative years here, I think there is some truth to that. That is why I think it is so im-portant that women be involved in the legislative process and participate in this great institution, which is the Congress of the United States, for the betterment of future generations. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. CONGRESSIONAL PROGRESSIVE CAUCUS: THE PEOPLE’S BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Monday night, we got word of a decision that may be the death knell for the budget proposal made by the majority of this body. The mem-bers of the self-styled Freedom Caucus have announced their refusal to sup-port the plan that their own leadership has put forward. I am truly afraid of what they would offer as an alter-native, because the budget being con-sidered in committee this week is a far cry from what American families need. Mr. Speaker, at its most fundamental level, a budget is two things: a guiding document and a statement of values. The budget that the House Republicans have put forward—the budget that is not enough for the Freedom Caucus— makes it clear that they value special interests more than working families. It is a guiding document to an America that is bereft of opportunity for those who have worked or have studied or have fought for it. My colleagues and I are here on the floor tonight to support a very dif-ferent plan—a budget that seeks to give everyday Americans the only op-portunity they have ever asked for— the opportunity to work hard, to play by the rules, and to get ahead. It is a budget for the people, so it shouldn’t come as a surprise that we call it The People’s Budget. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus budget would invest in our schools, our roads, our bridges, our workers, and our environment to put us back on the path to prosperity in a way that austerity never will, because the cuts of the past few years should have made one thing clear: trimming our spending does little to impact the long-term deficit, but it destroys work-ing families, hinders the most vulner-able Americans, and threatens the fu-ture of our Nation. The People’s Budget would invest $1 trillion in our bridges, roads, railways, and other infrastructure facilities to prevent the kind of devastating fail-ures we have witnessed in Flint, Michi-gan. The People’s Budget would fully fund Head Start, capitalizing on one of the best opportunities to give our young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.036 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1411 March 16, 2016 
people a leg up in an increasingly glob-al economy. The People’s Budget would take steps to make debt-free college a reality for students, keeping higher education as a ladder into economic prosperity rather than making it a privilege for top earn-ers. The People’s Budget would fully fund affordable housing programs, and it would end persistent family homeless-ness with an investment of $11 billion. The People’s Budget would take a stand on protecting our environment from further damage by investing in clean and renewable energy resources and ending subsidies for oil, gas, and coal once and for all. And that is just the beginning. Our economy may be rebounding from the Great Recession, but there are plenty of Americans who have been left behind—stuck in roles with low wages, in long-term unemployment, in the gender and racial pay gaps that persist in this Nation, or in debt that keeps them from progressing in their lives. We can’t afford to let this stand. We need a budget for the people, and we need it now. Mr. Speaker, the budget that was an-nounced by the majority yesterday is truly a roadmap to ruin. It would leave seniors out in the cold by ending the Medicare guarantee. It would gut do-mestic programming with $6.5 trillion in cuts—the most outrageous and threatening action ever proposed by the majority on the Budget Com-mittee. It would make the gap between average Americans and the wealthy few too great to bridge, taking away any chance at restoring the vibrant middle class our economy relies on. It would do the same thing that my col-leagues have tried to do for some time, which would be to stack the deck for top earners and the well-connected at the expense of everyone else. The people need change. The people need a plan that levels the playing field, that gives them opportunities to succeed, and that puts their interests above the interests of corporations and the wealthy. The people need salaries to let them do more than just make ends meet. The people need a way to pay for affordable child care while they are at their jobs. The people need edu-cation for their children and teachers who are trained to give students the tools to succeed. They need roads that aren’t crumbling and trains that stay on the tracks; they need bridges and tunnels that connect them with their jobs without their having to spend hours in traffic; and they need job training to find employment in a changing economy. The people, Mr. Speaker, need The People’s Budget. I yield to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), my colleague and the chairman of the Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus. Mr. ELLISON. I thank the Rep-resentative W
ATSON COLEMAN . I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s leadership during the Progressive Caucus Special Order hour. Every week, she helps give the world the progressive message, and I am so grateful that she does. Mr. Speaker, let me mention that The People’s Budget is really not just some document that members of the Progressive Caucus, when huddled in a room, drafted up. We actually believed that the people ought to participate in the writing of The People’s Budget, so we engaged not only the ideas of con-stituents from our districts but also those from other people, like from the Economic Policy Institute, the people in the labor community, and others, who all had great ideas about how to formulate our budget. Altogether, we included the ideas of 44 different groups and of many, many individuals beyond that to support and help us draft The People’s Budget. We want to thank all of them. This really is a People’s Budget be-cause it puts forward the main thing that any budget ought to put forward in a budget from Congress, and that is the promotion of good-paying jobs. Now, just because the unemployment rate has gotten to a lower level doesn’t mean that we have got a great jobs pic-ture for working Americans. The Peo-ple’s Budget would increase good-pay-ing jobs by 3.6 million, and we are very proud of that. While Republicans may think that the best way to judge a budget is by how many dollars from the Federal budget they cut, we believe that the main way to judge a budget is by how many Americans are put to work in good-paying jobs. How do we create these jobs? One, by investing in our infrastruc-ture. The People’s Budget invests in $1 trillion so that we can rebuild our roads, bridges, railways, water sys-tems, and grids. We make sure that the crumbling infrastructure that faces us right now gets fixed. That includes in-frastructure in Flint, Michigan, and in other cities around this country where water infrastructure is so hard-pressed. Beyond that, we will provide the pro-tections that American workers need. The People’s Budget calls for the pro-tection of collective bargaining; it works to close the pay equity gap; it increases funding for worker protection agencies that crack down on wage theft and overtime abuses—but that $1 tril-lion will also save American lives. Two weeks ago, I and many members of the Congressional Progressive and Black Caucuses traveled to Flint, Michigan, and I saw firsthand what happens when governments are run like a business. When money is the only consideration and when the Gov-ernor thinks that passing an emer-gency manager law just to cut costs at the expense of children’s health and clean water, we see what the results of that kind of thinking are and that it is penny-wise, but incredibly pound-fool-ish. I met dozens of families who were exposed to dangerous levels of lead, but also people who were touched by the evils of Legionnaires’ disease because of waterborne illness. The People’s Budget includes $765 million for the city of Flint so that we can replace toxic pipelines and provide health and education services for resi-dents. Flint isn’t the only city that is exposing residents to lead; so The Peo-ple’s Budget also includes $150 billion for waterlines nationwide. We can never allow a tragedy like Flint’s to happen again, but we have to make the investments right now. It is a simple choice: Do we believe that we should have a State’s tax cuts go to the richest dead people? Should we cut their taxes? Should we cut the taxes of multinational, giant, profitable cor-porations? Or should we spend the money to help ensure the health and welfare of American children and other citizens? I think we should look out for the American people. The People’s Budget does that. We are glad to have the sup-port of so many organizations, and we look forward to a very strong vote when the day arrives. STOP VIOLENCE IN HONDURAS  
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I want to make another statement which is unre-lated to our budget, but it is still very important. I am profoundly saddened and an-gered by the murders of Berta Caceres and Nelson Garcia, two leading envi-ronmental activists in the nation of Honduras. These two murders were less than 2 weeks apart. It is an ongoing challenge that must be addressed im-mediately. Ms. Caceres spent decades fighting for the rights of Honduras’ indigenous community, winning the Goldman En-vironmental Prize—an internationally recognized award—for her work. She was assassinated in her home while she was supposed to be under special pro-tection by government security forces. Mr. Garcia was a member of Ms. Caceres’ organization, the Civic Coun-cil of Popular and Indigenous Organiza-tions of Honduras. He was shot yester-day in front of his mother-in-law’s home. Honduras and the world have lost two extraordinary advocates for environ-mental and indigenous rights, and also for social justice. We need to do more than mourn their losses. It is time to act. It is time to suspend assistance to the Honduras se-curity forces until such time as we know they are not penetrated by ille-gal actors; until such time as we can be assured when they say they are going to protect somebody, those people are protected; and until we know and have confidence that American taxpayers’ dollars are not being used to assas-sinate leaders who are doing nothing more than trying to improve the envi-ronment and increase the rights of in-digenous people. These assassinations fit into a pat-tern of attacks that has taken place against Honduran activists since the 2009 military coup. The NGO Global 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.039 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1412 March 16, 2016 
Witness calls Honduras the most dan-gerous place in the world for environ-mental activists. More than 100 envi-ronmental activists have been killed in the last 5 years there, and many activ-ists and community leaders remain at risk. We must do everything in our power to stop this violence and harass-ment in Honduras. Please rest in peace, Berta Caceres and Nelson Garcia. The people who re-main behind will continue to fight for environmental justice and indigenous rights, and we here in the United States join that fight. 
U.S. SUPREME COURT NOMINEE MERRICK  
GARLAND  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, before I close, I want to spend a few minutes on another impor-tant topic as well. Today, President Obama nominated Chief Justice Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy that has been left on the Supreme Court by Associate Justice Antonin Scalia. Judge Garland has more Federal judi-cial experience than any Supreme Court nominee in history. His work on the D.C. circuit court, an appointment to which he was confirmed with strong bipartisan support, has earned praise from Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle. He is qualified. He is competent. He is not the ultraliberal that many of my conservative col-leagues feared. b1500 Yet, following up on his promise that the Senate would consider absolutely no one that President Obama put for-ward, Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCON-
NELL said today: ‘‘It is a president’s constitutional right to nominate a Su-preme Court justice, and it is the Sen-ate’s constitutional right to act as a check on a president and withhold its consent.’’ I beg to differ. I think it is the Presi-dent’s constitutional responsibility, not just a prerogative, to fill the bench of the Supreme Court. Withholding consent, something that is typically done when a candidate is underquali-fied or inappropriate, is far different than just ignoring the process alto-gether. This is a political decision made about the only body that shouldn’t be exposed to such things. It goes beyond just a filibuster or commentary from a few outliers. And if Republicans follow through with their plan, it would constitute the longest vacancy with no vote on a nominee ever. There is no precedent for this. There have been appointments, nominations, and, above all, hearings during Presidential election years. It is flat out ridiculous to refuse a man as qualified as Judge Garland even hearings. This is a dereliction of duty that surpasses the sadly run-of-the- mill inability of the majority to get anything done, from funding the gov-ernment until the eleventh hour to passing a budget, to actually gov-erning. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I came to the floor without taking the time to say this: The Senate must change course and consider Judge Gar-land on his merits. He has earned bi-partisan support before, and he de-serves it again. I need to remind this body and the Senate that the President of the United States was elected for a second term and that term includes four full years. Mr. Speaker, I conclude my Special Order hour. I yield back the balance of my time. f 
HOUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 121 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the minority leader. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week there were a few very impor-tant votes that occurred on complex issues that I would like to discuss here today. They were with regards to H. Con. Res. 75 and H. Con. Res. 121, which is the one I will discuss now. Make no mistake. H. Con. Res. 121 is a war bill. It is a thinly veiled attempt to use the rationale of humani-tarianism as a justification for over-throwing the Syrian Government of Assad. Similar resolutions were used in the past to legitimatize the regime-change wars to overthrow the governments of Iraq and Libya. I will have no part of it. I voted ‘‘no’’ on H. Con. Res. 121. I voted ‘‘no’’ against more unnecessary interventionist regime-change wars. We all know that Bashar al-Assad, President of Syria, is a brutal dictator. But this resolution’s purpose is not merely to recognize him as such. Rath-er, it was a call to action. Specifically, it is a call to escalate our war to over-throw the Syrian Government of Assad. For the last 5 years, the United States, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and oth-ers have been working hand in hand in that war to overthrow the Assad Gov-ernment, supposedly for humanitarian reasons. But I ask: How has this war to overthrow Assad actually helped hu-manity? Hundreds of thousands of Syrians have been killed. Millions have become homeless refugees. Much of the coun-try’s infrastructure has been de-stroyed. Terrorist organizations like ISIS, al Qaeda, and others have taken over large areas of the country and are en-gaging in genocide. Now the same people who are behind this war to overthrow Assad want to escalate that war, and this resolution is an attempt to gin up public support for that escalation. This resolution urges the administra-tion to create ‘‘additional mechanisms for the protection of civilians,’’ which is really coded language for the cre-ation of a so-called no-fly zone or safe zone. The creation of this no-fly zone or safe zone in Syria would be a major es-calation of the war. Doing this would cost billions of dollars, require tens of thousands of ground troops, and a mas-sive U.S. air presence. It won’t work. Furthermore, it will likely result in a direct confrontation between the United States and Russia. Fortunately, President Obama has thus far opposed implementing such a so-called no-fly zone and has resisted pressure to esca-late this war in this way, The fact is that the main areas cur-rently in Syria where Christian, Alawites, Druze, Yazidis, and other re-ligious minorities can practice their faith without fear of persecution are in the Syrian territories where Assad maintains control. Therefore, the overthrow of Assad would worsen the genocidal activities by ISIS and al Qaeda and other ter-rorist organizations against Christians, Alawites, and other Syrian religious minorities. If the U.S. has learned nothing else from Iraq and Libya, we should have learned that toppling ruthless dic-tators in the Middle East creates even more human suffering and strengthens our enemy, groups like ISIS and other terrorist organizations in those coun-tries. It is undeniable that, in both Iraq and Libya, humanitarian conditions today are far worse than they were be-fore those governments were toppled and ISIS and other terrorist organiza-tions are far more powerful with great-er strongholds, causing even more suf-fering. If the U.S. is successful in its current efforts to overthrow the Syrian Gov-ernment of Assad, allowing groups like ISIS and al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations to take over all of Syria, which is what will happen, including those Assad-controlled areas where Christians and other religious minori-ties remain protected, the United States will be morally culpable for the genocide that will occur as a result. This is exactly what happened when we overthrew Saddam Hussein in Iraq. It is what happened in Libya when we overthrew Muammar Gaddafi. To do the same thing over and over and ex-pect a different result is the definition of insanity. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) for 30 minutes. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be recognized to ad-dress you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.040 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1413 March 16, 2016 
and to continue the deliberation here that makes this the most deliberative body anywhere in the world. I understand that the Senate might take issue with that. However, I am al-ways happy to engage in debate with the Senators as well. I came to the floor because I wanted to speak, Mr. Speaker, about an issue that has cost scores and scores of American lives. Since the time I came into this Con-gress, I was surprised and, you might say, shocked and appalled that so few Members were paying attention to the reality of what is happening in the streets of America over the years. I think of a school bus that was run off the road up in Cottonwood, Min-nesota, a few years ago. Four of the children in that school bus were killed. Two of them were siblings. Three fami-lies were hit with that terrible tragedy. The cause of that accident was a ve-hicle that ran the bus off the road that was driven by an illegal alien that had been interdicted multiple times and turned loose on the streets to recom-mit again and again. I recall that discussion. It brought home to me something that I knew logically, but I hadn’t felt emotionally at that point, Mr. Speaker. If there are people in this country who are unlawfully present and the law directs that, when encountered by law enforcement, they shall be placed into removal proceedings, if we enforce the law when we encounter people that are illegally in America, then, by the very definition of following the law that re-quires that they are placed in removal proceedings, they are no longer on the streets of America, they are no longer driving vehicles that are running school buses off the road or bringing about head-on crashes or being in-volved in vehicular homicide or driving while under the influence because, by definition of enforcement of the law, they are not here to do that. They might commit these crimes in other countries, in their home country. That is the issue for the countries that they can be lawfully present in. But here, when I see the funerals of four children that come about because we had an opportunity to enforce the law and, instead, we decided that our compassion for the law breaker was greater than our compassion for the victim of the crime, you end up with four funerals of children that were riding home from school in a school bus that day. Now, it shouldn’t take very much for people who are professionals that deal with this every day to understand that, that if the law says that they shall be placed in removal proceedings—you have a President who says to them in-stead, through Jeh Johnson, who is now the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, to the law en-forcement officers who have pledged and take an oath to support and defend the Constitution—which, by the way, the President takes an oath to pre-serve, protect, and defend the Constitu-tion. The very definition in the Take Care Clause of the Constitution is that he shall take care that the laws be faith-fully executed. Well, instead, the President has de-cided to essentially execute some of the immigration law that exists. That doesn’t mean enforce it. When I say that, I say that facetiously, Mr. Speak-er. He has ordered the law enforcement officers to not enforce the law. And the advice that came from Jeh Johnson to the law enforcement offi-cers of the Border Patrol was, if you came into this job and put on this uni-form and took your oath to support and defend the Constitution and you thought that it meant that you are going to enforce immigration law, if you think that is what you are going to do, you had better get another job. That was the message to them that came out here about 10 days ago—get another job if you came here to enforce the law—if you are working for the Border Patrol or for ICE or for Cus-toms and Border Protection. It is an appalling thing, Mr. Speaker, to think that we have a President who has taken an oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States and to take care that the laws be faithfully executed and, in-stead, he is taking care that they not be enforced in case after case after case. And this poster I have, Mr. Speaker, is the bloody result. The title says ‘‘Free to Kill: 124 Criminal Aliens Released By Obama Policies Charged With Homicide Since 2010.’’ Now, that is not all of the homi-cides. Here is where they are. A lot of them are in California. A good number of them are in Arizona, Texas, and up along the East Coast. They are in Council Bluffs, Iowa, or in Omaha. Yes, they are in my neighborhood as well, Mr. Speaker. Now, that is 124 killers. These are criminals that had already been pros-ecuted, already been convicted. These are felons that had been released on the streets of America because of a pol-icy that the President seems to think is a discretionary policy. That is not 124 graves only. That is at least 135 graves because of the mul-tiple murders that have taken place after they are convicted. At least two of them that were released on the streets in the past were already con-victed of homicide-related charges. That is how bad this is. The idea that we shouldn’t enforce our laws even against people that are illegal in the United States, unlawfully present in America, out of some sense of compassion, and they might say that they don’t have the room and they don’t have the budget, well, that is not so either. I would just note some of the statis-tics that I have pulled down here over time. In 2012, ICE reported that there were 850,000 aliens present in the coun-try who had been ordered removed or excluded, but who had not departed. That is 850,000. Now, they tell us that there are 11.2 million illegal aliens in America. Well, I don’t actually accept that number. That is a number that has been con-stantly and commonly used here. I arrived here in 2003. I swore in here in January of 2003. At that time, the immigration debate was talking about 12 million illegals in America. 12 mil-lion. 12 million. The drum of 12 million was beat for several years. Then it drifted down to 11.5. Now it is 11.2 mil-lion. We are thinking that we have a crisis with illegal immigration coming into America. But the number hasn’t in-creased? Have that many gone back home? Have that many died? If not, that number is growing, and I think it has grown substantially more. The data we are looking at is 11.2 mil-lion, and that is from the Pew Re-search Center. I think they do a good job. I do disagree with them on that number. If that is the case, out of 11.2 million illegals in America, 850,000 aliens are present in the United States of Amer-ica who had already been ordered re-moved. We call that law enforcement? Just about anybody in the world that has ever looked across and thought about coming to America knows that your chances of being sent back to your home country, if you succeed in getting into America, are nil. They are almost nothing. If you embarrass the administration, if you are such a violent criminal, per-haps they will find a way to send you back. But even this administration, when they want to send them back, the few that they do, doesn’t push hard on those other countries to take them back. Now, every country in the world that refuses to take their illegals back, we have the leverage to convince them, I believe, to take those illegal aliens back, 850,000 of them. b1515 I didn’t divide that out, but it is roughly 1 in 12 of the illegal aliens in America have already been adjudicated for deportation, but they don’t go, and we don’t do anything about it. Here is another statistic. For every 10 Americans detained in Federal court—that’s Americans—173 illegal aliens are detained by a Federal court. So I don’t know why they gave me 10 of 173, but I can divide that out in my head. Federal court deals with 17.3 ille-gal aliens for each American—that would be an American, lawful, perma-nent resident or an American citizen that they deal with. That is a high, high volume of illegal aliens going through our Federal court system. Here is another piece of data that emerged from a study that I requested in 2005. This was a GAO study that shows that 27 percent of our Federal prison population is criminal aliens—27 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.043 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1414 March 16, 2016 
percent. So more than a fourth of the inmates that are housed in Federal penitentiaries are criminal aliens. That is a huge percentage. If you would think that they are in there for immigration crimes, for over-staying their visa, or for crossing the border, no. That is highly, highly un-likely that they are incarcerated for what this administration would call minimal offenses. They are in there for other things. Here is another example. The illegal aliens represent 5 percent of the popu-lation, 27 percent of the Federal prison population, and presumably 27 percent of the Federal crimes that are com-mitted as well. So that is a proportion of more than five times their represen-tation in the population they are rep-resented in prison and they are rep-resented by the crimes that are com-mitted. Now, we should not think that these are just data, Mr. Speaker. Crimes aren’t just data, because for every crime, there is at least one victim. The victims pay a huge, huge price that is not compensated by the taxpayer. For example, our criminal laws are descended from old English common law, and old English common law rec-ognizes this, that everything was the product, the property, of the sovereign, the king. If you went out and poached a deer, the crime was against the crown, because the king owned the deer. The king owned everything. So if you poached a deer, you killed the king’s deer, and the king is going to have his justice. If you killed one of his subjects, one of his serfs, if you com-mitted murder, the crime was against the crown. That is why, today, the crimes that we have are against the State, whether it be the nation-state or whether it be the State that we happen to be abiding in. So when you go to criminal court, they will say this is the case of the State versus whoever has the charges brought against them, John Doe, criminal. You will hear that announced at the beginning of the criminal case: This is the case of the State of, say, Iowa, against John Doe, criminal. The victim, if the victim is alive and survives and is in that criminal court-room, they are going to be looking back and forth listening to the pros-ecution and then the defense go back and forth, and they are going to be wondering: Where am I in this equa-tion? The victim is not in the equation because, if the State believes that they get justice, then justice is served, and the victim is essentially out of that equation with the exception of a few little things we have done such as to allow for and provide that the victim or the victim’s family have an oppor-tunity to face the accused and, actu-ally, face the convicted. So we are descendants from that, Mr. Speaker. When the crimes are com-mitted against individuals, the victims of these crimes are paying the price. They are paying the price with their lives. They are paying the price with their bodies. They are paying the price with whatever their treasured products might be. If they are a victim of assault and battery and grand larceny, then they have been beaten up, they have been pounded, they have been bruised and bloodied and maybe bones broken. Maybe they have survived an at-tempted homicide, and maybe their wallet was lifted and their credit cards or their car. The things that they owned, the things that they cherished are lost, and they have to heal up. We don’t compensate them for their loss even though the State is an intervenor in a criminal crime. So the case of the State v. John Doe, criminal, should tell us that the loss of life is not compensated either. It is not measured. It is not quantified. The 124 criminal aliens released who have com-mitted murders during this period of time is a small portion of the overall number of criminal aliens who were re-leased who did commit homicides. But what are those lives worth? We just heard the gentleman from Minnesota lament the loss of two lives. It is tragic. I am sorry he comes here to this floor. I am sorry that he feels that pain. I am sure the families feel the pain. But these are mostly anony-mous victims, the four children in Cot-tonwood, Minnesota. Kate Steinle—the story that I pulled here, her name is now a household name, Mr. Speaker—was murdered in San Francisco on July 1, 2015. Now when I see an attractive young lady with brown hair, immediately the pic-ture of Kate Steinle flashes into my mind’s eye, standing there innocently and shot and killed by a criminal alien who had been ordered deported, I be-lieve the number would be at least twice before, on the streets because San Francisco is a sanctuary city. Well, the sanctuary city isn’t just ex-clusive to San Francisco. All over this country there are sanctuary jurisdic-tions. There are sanctuary jurisdic-tions in Iowa, at least 25 of them that I can identify, and they exist across the country, local jurisdictions that have decided they are not going to co-operate with Federal law enforcement officers. And furthermore, when ICE puts out a detainer order, Federal law requires that an ICE detainer order is manda-tory. The statute that was passed di-rected the rules to be written in such a way that the detainer orders are man-datory. A year ago, February 25, I believe that day would be—I remember my date is right, but I am not certain on my year. It could be 2014 rather than 2015. But the ICE Acting Deputy Direc-tor, Dan Ragsdale, sent a letter out to hundreds of political jurisdictions, law enforcement jurisdictions, and said to them: This ICE detainer order that you have been getting, that you have been complying with because it is an order, it is really not an order. It is just a suggestion. So we are not going to en-force that, and neither are we going to protect you if you are sued for detain-ing someone that ICE has put a de-tainer order on. They essentially said: We don’t have your back at the Justice Department, even though the law directs that we do have. And so that brought about more sanctuary cities, more sanctuary juris-dictions, entire counties that have de-cided they are not going to cooperate with ICE. So when ICE sends an ICE detainer order to a sanctuary jurisdic-tion—often, a city—their policy is: We aren’t going to turn this criminal over to ICE. We are going to turn him loose instead. Well, when they turn them loose in-stead, they do so by the tens of thou-sands. And, you know, Mr. Speaker, that Americans are the victims of homicide as a result, some of it first- degree murder, second-degree murder, negligent homicide, vehicular homi-cide. Americans’ graves are scattered all over this country at the hands of il-legal aliens, criminal aliens, not only those that came across the border ille-gally—that makes them criminals, Mr. Speaker—but those who are in this country even legally. When they com-mit a crime, they become a criminal alien. There are graves in every single State in this country, multiple graves in every single State in this country that didn’t need to be. There are griev-ing families all over this country in every single State that didn’t need to grieve. They didn’t need to see their loved one killed, whether it was a car accident, whether it was a bullet, whether they were bludgeoned, how-ever it might have been. Those lives could have been saved by enforcing the law. But, instead, the Obama adminis-tration does the opposite. They set up an affirmative plan to start turning loose illegal aliens who are felons, who are criminals. Here is some more data. In 2014, ac-cording to a U.S. Sentencing Commis-sion report, it shows illegal immi-grants represented 36.7 percent of Fed-eral sentences, 36.7 percent of their sentences. I have already said that 27 percent of the inmates are criminal aliens. Then, again, it is about roughly half or a little bit more of them are from Mexico. The Obama administration, in 2013, released—and this number has been committed to my memory for some time—36,007 criminal aliens turned loose on the streets, and that rep-resented 88,000 convictions, more than 88,000 convictions among those 36,007 criminal aliens. Of that, 193 had been convicted of homicide. Now, when do you turn murderers loose on the streets of America, espe-cially if they are deportable? If they serve their time—they might be sec-ond-degree murder, maybe they serve their time, maybe they get an early out—they go home to their home coun-try. They are deported at the end of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.044 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1415 March 16, 2016 
their sentence. That is how our law reads. But the Obama administration said: No, we are going to turn 36,007 of them loose: 193 homicides represented by them, 426 sexual assaults, 303 kidnappings, 1,075 aggravated assaults, all of that packaged up in the 36,007. That was just 2013. That was the begin-ning of this mass release of criminals who are criminal aliens, deportable criminal aliens out of our prisons. In 2014, they slacked off a little bit. They only released 30,558 criminal aliens, and they represented 79,059 con-victions. That is the work that is being done by the Obama administration. I could go on with data after data. Here is one. ICE had been claiming to have removed record numbers of un-lawful or otherwise removable aliens from the United States. Well, they counted their deportations differently than any administration before. So those that said they will accept a vol-untary return when they are caught at the border, they will say: Well, we can put you in the van and haul you back to the port of entry and turn you loose to walk back across the bridge. If you will do that, we will count you as de-ported. That used to be just voluntary re-turn. Now the Obama administration has admitted that they have essen-tially jiggered the numbers and changed the category. But even still, even if this isn’t accu-rate in comparison to previous admin-istrations, those numbers have gone down, from along the way, 389,834, fis-cal year 2009. It did go up a little bit the next year, 392,000 and change, then up to 396,000, and then going back. The number in 2012 was almost 410,000. So you can see, Mr. Speaker, that number has dropped off by tens of thousands. Then ICE has since admit-ted to dropping in removals clear down to 368,000 in 2013, 315,000 in 2014. This number continues to go down, from up to nearly 410,000 down to 315,000, almost 100,000 fewer deporta-tions when they are counting the vol-untary returns in that list. That means we don’t have a lot of immigration en-forcement going on, and the message and the signal is: Come try to get into America. We are not going to do a lot about that in this Obama administra-tion. And what happens? Well, what hap-pens is we have a Presidential nomina-tion process that has emerged. Out of it comes, who got the first big bounce and spark off of making the pledge that he would build a wall, a beautiful wall, and he would return the people and end illegal immigration residence in Amer-ica and put them the other side of the wall? That was Donald Trump. If Don-ald Trump doesn’t have that issue, Donald Trump doesn’t probably have a campaign. I am sure that it is a big part of what motivated him to run for President. T
EDCRUZalso, Mr. Speaker, has the most solid and cleanest record on im-migration policy. It is complete; it is inclusive; it is anti-amnesty all the way. And, by the way, he doesn’t make provisions for inviting people back in after they are removed. I don’t think that takes a whole lot of prudence to hold that position. Why would you reward somebody that you needed to go to the trouble to adjudicate them for removal, deport them back to their home country, and then do as they said in the Gang of Eight bill? They have a provision in that bill that thankfully the House didn’t take up. It is the ‘‘we really didn’t mean it’’ clause in which they say, written into the Gang of Eight’s bill, if you have been deported in the past and you are in your home country today, after the Gang of Eight bill pre-sumably passed, you can apply to come to the United States. b1530 We deported you before, but we really didn’t mean it. We can bring you back in here. If we hadn’t caught you in America and you had been here when the Gang of Eight bill would poten-tially become law, then, if you get to stay under those provisions, then you get to come back to America if you have previously been deported. I think that is lunacy, Mr. Speaker, to be going to all the trouble to enforce the law and then to reverse course with that and provide the ‘‘we didn’t really mean it’’ clause. That bill, by the way, had in it pro-spective amnesty. In other words, it didn’t deal with people who would come in after it became law, so, pre-sumably, they would be treated with the same kind of amnesty or pass for those who were in America; and those that had been deported from America get to come back to America, too, with some exceptions if you are a bad enough criminal. The logic of this is beyond my ability to reason with it, Mr. Speaker, but the logic that this country needs to reason with is the logic of the rule of law. We have to be a Nation of laws—not of men—and the laws need to apply to ev-eryone equally, not applied differently to different people. There has to be an expectation that the law will be enforced. If we don’t have that, then we devolve into a Third World country. In a Third World coun-try, you can get pulled over not even for not speeding, but you might have to pay off the officer in order to be able to drive on down the road. In this coun-try, if that ever happens—I wouldn’t say it never happens, but where I come from, it doesn’t happen and I never hear of it—that would show a digres-sion from the rule of law. We have to all respect the law. The law has got to be enforced against ev-erybody equally. There has to be an ex-pectation that the law will be enforced. Any country that has any value to pro-tecting its own sovereignty has to have borders. We have borders. We know what they are: 2,000 miles on the southern border, roughly 4,000 miles on the norther bor-der, oceans on the east and on the west. Those are the borders of the United States of America. We have water all the way around Hawaii. We know the lines in Alaska. We don’t dispute them with Canada. We get along just fine agreeing on what our borders are. But if we don’t enforce them, if we don’t protect them, we are no longer a sov-ereign Nation. We allow people to stream across the border. We have had Border Patrol tes-timony here in this Congress within the last decade where they testified that they believed that they inter-dicted perhaps 25 percent of those that attempted to cross the border. When you looked at the numbers of those interdictions and did the math on that, it turned out to be 4 million illegal bor-der crossing attempts in a single year. That is roughly at the peak of this. That has diminished by a few million. But think of that: 365 divided into 4 million works out to about 11,000 a night. About 11,000 illegal aliens come across our southern border at night. Maybe that number could be as far down as perhaps 6,000 or so, but that is still the size of Santa Anna’s army. The size of Santa Anna’s army comes across every night. Coming across, sure, there are some decent people that are looking for a better life—maybe a lot of them—but 80 to 90 percent of the illegal drugs that are consumed in America come from or through Mexico. It is the de-mand in the United States that brings those drugs in here. We have a culpa-bility in this, too. But just the same, the violence in Mexico, the murders—over 100,000 peo-ple have been killed in the drug wars in Mexico—is all part of an open border situation that we have here in the United States, costing Mexican lives, costing American lives. Graves are scattered in every single State in the Union because we have an administra-tion that decided not to enforce the law, even though the President takes an oath to preserve, protect, and de-fend the Constitution and take care that the laws be faithfully executed. We have got executive overreach time after time after time. He has reached into the constitutional authority of this Congress. Time after time, I brought an amend-ment to this floor, Mr. Speaker, that has cut off all funding to implement or enforce the President’s lawless, uncon-stitutional amnesty actions, to cut off all funding under the Morton Memos, to cut off all funding to DACA, to cut off all funding to DAPA and shut down those operations that are outside the constitutional authority of the Presi-dent, by my definition, by the defini-tion of the majority vote in this Con-gress, and also by the definition of the President himself, who said multiple times—and we have him on videotape at least 22 times saying he didn’t have constitutional authority to—I will put it in shorthand—grant amnesty. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.045 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1416 March 16, 2016 
didn’t use those words, but it certainly is the paraphrase of what he had to say. After multiple times of telling us all the proper constitutional interpre-tation, he decided to do it anyway. The President of the United States’ restraint factor is not giving his word, putting his hand on the Bible, and rais-ing his right hand and taking an oath to the Constitution. His restraining factor is not his word. It is what he can get away with. He demanded that Congress pass the Gang of Eight amnesty bill, and Con-gress said: Nuts, we are not doing that. We are not going to see the demo-graphics of America forever altered by bringing in millions of undocumented Democrats in order to play into the hands of Barack Obama and the Demo-crats in the Senate and the House. We have a responsibility to the American people. We the people need to decide. That is why our Founding Fathers wrote in the enumerated pow-ers in the Constitution the responsi-bility of Congress to establish the nat-uralization laws and, by inference, to write the immigration laws. That im-migration policy is not to be set by the President of the United States. It is to be set by Congress. Congress wrote the law in 1996, the Immigration Reform Act, which L
AMAR  S
MITH of Texas was so instrumental in, as a large body of the immigration law that we have to follow. That was the considered will of the people. It was the bipartisan, considered will of the peo-ple, signed by the President of the United States. Gee, that would be Bill Clinton back then, wouldn’t it? So we have a country that is the un-challenged greatest Nation in the world. We have a lot to be proud of. We have a destiny, an arc of history that has been flattened. It has been descend-ing for a lot of reasons—economic rea-sons, cultural reasons, failure to ad-here to our oaths to uphold the Con-stitution reasons—but in a large way, it is diminished because we have so lit-tle respect for the rule of law. Of all of the things we can talk about with regard to immigration policy—se-curing our borders, ending sanctuary cities, making sure that local law en-forcement works again in cooperation with Federal immigration officials, ending this idea that detainer orders are voluntary, not mandatory—piece after piece of this—an entry/exit sys-tem that tracks the people in the coun-try and when they leave so we know what the balance is of those visitors who are here, and an E-Verify system that I will say the New IDEA Act, my bill—all of that put together brings America to the right place. We have an obligation to turn this into an upend-ing arc of history, not descending. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 38 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1733 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 5 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 639, AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO APPEAR AS AMI-CUS CURIAE ON BEHALF OF THE HOUSE Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–458) on the resolution (H. Res. 649) providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 639) authorizing the Speaker to appear as amicus curiae on behalf of the House of Representa-tives in the matter of United States, et al. v. Texas, et al., No. 15–674, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on March 16, 2016, at 4:40 p.m., and said to con-tain a message from the President whereby he transmits a copy of an Executive Order he has issued, with respect to North Korea. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk of the House. f 
BLOCKING PROPERTY OF THE GOVERNMENT OF NORTH KOREA AND THE WORKERS’ PARTY OF KOREA, AND PROHIBITING CER-TAIN TRANSACTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO NORTH KOREA—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–117) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (IEEPA), I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order (the ‘‘order’’) with respect to North Korea. The order takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, expanded in scope in Ex-ecutive Order 13551 of August 30, 2010, relied upon for additional steps in Ex-ecutive Order 13570 of April 18, 2011, and further expanded in scope in Executive Order 13687 of January 2, 2015. The order also facilitates implementation of certain provisions of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122), which I signed on February 18, 2016, and ensures the implementation of certain provisions of United Nations Security Council Resolution (UNSCR) 2270 of March 2, 2016. In 2008, upon terminating the exer-cise of certain authorities under the Trading With the Enemy Act (TWEA) with respect to North Korea, the Presi-dent issued Executive Order 13466 and declared a national emergency pursu-ant to IEEPA to deal with the unusual and extraordinary threat to the na-tional security and foreign policy of the United States posed by the exist-ence and risk of the proliferation of weapons-usable fissile material on the Korean Peninsula. Executive Order 13466 continued certain restrictions on North Korea and North Korean nation-als that had been in place under TWEA. In 2010, I issued Executive Order 13551. In that order, I determined that the Government of North Korea’s con-tinued provocative actions destabilized the Korean peninsula and imperiled U.S. Armed Forces, allies, and trading partners in the region and warranted the imposition of additional sanctions, and I expanded the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13466. In Executive Order 13551, I ordered blocked the property and interests in property of three North Korean enti-ties and one individual listed in the Annex to that order and provided cri-teria under which the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, may designate addi-tional persons whose property and in-terests in property shall be blocked. In 2011, I issued Executive Order 13570 to further address the national emer-gency with respect to North Korea and to strengthen the implementation of UNSCRs 1718 and 1874. That Executive Order prohibited the direct or indirect importation of goods, services, and technology from North Korea. In 2015, I issued Executive Order 13687, in which I determined that the provocative, destabilizing, and repres-sive actions and policies of the Govern-ment of North Korea constitute a con-tinuing threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States, and further expanded the national emergency declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13466. In Executive Order 13687 I provided additional criteria under which the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MR7.046 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1417 March 16, 2016 
Treasury, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, may designate addi-tional persons whose property and in-terests in property shall be blocked. I have now determined that the Gov-ernment of North Korea’s continuing pursuit of its nuclear and missile pro-grams, as evidenced most recently by its February 7, 2016, launch using bal-listic missile technology and its Janu-ary 6, 2016, nuclear test in violation of its obligations pursuant to numerous UNSCRs and in contravention of its commitments under the September 19, 2005, Joint Statement of the Six-Party Talks, increasingly imperils the United States and its allies. The order address-es those actions and takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008. The order also fa-cilitates implementation of certain provisions of the North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122), which I signed on February 18, 2016, and en-sures the implementation of certain provisions of UNSCR 2270 of March 2, 2016. The order is not targeted at the peo-ple of North Korea, but rather is aimed at the Government of North Korea and its activities that threaten the United States and others. It blocks the prop-erty and interests in property of the Government of North Korea and the Workers’ Party of Korea and provides additional criteria for blocking the property and interests in property of any person determined by the Sec-retary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State: ∑to operate in such industries in the North Korean economy as may be de-termined by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, such as transportation, mining, energy, or financial services; ∑to have sold, supplied, transferred, or purchased, directly or indirectly, to or from North Korea or any person act-ing for or on behalf of the Government of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea, metal, graphite, coal, or soft-ware, where any revenue or goods re-ceived may benefit the Government of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea, including North Korea’s nuclear or ballistic missile programs; ∑to have engaged in, facilitated, or been responsible for an abuse or viola-tion of human rights by the Govern-ment of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of either such entity; ∑to have engaged in, facilitated, or been responsible for the exportation of workers from North Korea, including exportation to generate revenue for the Government of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea; ∑to have engaged in significant ac-tivities undermining cybersecurity through the use of computer networks or systems against targets outside of North Korea on behalf of the Govern-ment of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea; ∑to have engaged in, facilitated, or been responsible for censorship by the Government of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea; ∑to have materially assisted, spon-sored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services to or in support of, any per-son whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the order; ∑to be owned or controlled by, or to have acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the order; or ∑to have attempted to engage in any of the activities described above. In addition, the order prohibits: ∑the exportation of goods, services, and technology to North Korea; ∑new investment in North Korea; and ∑the approval, financing, facilita-tion, or guarantee of such exports and investments. Finally, the order suspends entry into the United States of any alien de-termined to meet one or more of the above criteria. I have delegated to the Secretary of the Treasury the authority, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, to take such actions, including the pro-mulgation of rules and regulations, and to employ all powers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be nec-essary to carry out the purposes of the order. All executive agencies are di-rected to take all appropriate measures within their authority to carry out the provisions of the order. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , March 15, 2016. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of at-tendance of memorial service for Ms. Tiffany Johnson, who served the House of Representatives. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 15, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 1755. To amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled Amer-ican Veterans. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 5 o’clock and 39 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, March 17, 2015, at 9 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4657. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — New Animal Drugs for Use in Animal Feeds; Removal of Obsolete and Redundant Regula-tions [Docket No.: FDA-2003-N-0446 (formerly 2003N-0324)] received March 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4658. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pharmaceutical Science and Clinical Phar-macology Advisory Committee [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-0001] received March 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4659. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Unique Device Identification System; Edi-torial Provisions; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA-2011-N-0090] received March 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4660. A letter from the Director, Office of Civil Rights, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4661. A letter from the Supervisory Regula-tions Specialist, U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Non-immigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students [DHS Docket No.: ICEB-2015-0002] (RIN: 1653- AA72) received March 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4662. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s 2015 Data Mining Report to Congress, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-3(c)(1); Public Law 110-53, Sec. 804(c)(1); (121 Stat. 363); to the Committee on Homeland Security. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4360. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that a Federal employee who leaves Government service while under personnel investigation shall have a notation of any adverse findings under such investigation placed in such employee’s offi-cial personnel file, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR7.019 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1418 March 16, 2016 
purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–454). Ordered to be printed. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 3583. A bill to reform and im-prove the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Office of Emergency Commu-nications, and the Office of Health Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–455, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4404. A bill to require an exer-cise related to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–456). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 639. Resolution authorizing the Speaker to appear as amicus curiae on behalf of the House of Representatives in the matter of United States, et al. v. Texas, et al., No. 15–674 (Rept. 114–457). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 649. Resolution providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 639) authorizing the Speaker to appear as amicus curiae on behalf of the House of Rep-resentatives in the matter of United States, et al. v. Texas, et al., No. 15–674 (Rept. 114– 458). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Com-mittees on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture and Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3583 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 4749. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an oil and gas lease sale for areas off the coast of North Carolina determined by the Secretary to have the most geologically promising hydrocarbon re-sources, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself and Mr. L
ANGEVIN ): H.R. 4750. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the prohibition on providing adoptive leave to each member of a dual military couple; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 4751. A bill to terminate the law en-forcement functions of the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management and to provide block grants to States for the en-forcement of Federal law on Federal land under the jurisdiction of these agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 4752. A bill to require the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to in-vestigate and promote the exploration and development of space leading to human set-tlements beyond Earth, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. VARGAS (for himself and Mr. DONOVAN ): H.R. 4753. A bill to exclude from consider-ation as income under the United States Housing Act of 1937 certain veterans com-pensation and pensions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. B ASS, Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. L
ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
USH, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Mr. F
ATTAH ): H.R. 4754. A bill to require the Attorney General to ensure that State-appointed emergency financial managers do not violate Constitutional protections and that they en-sure public health and safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 4755. A bill to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ): H.R. 4756. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit nurse practi-tioners to satisfy the documentation require-ment under the Medicare program for cov-erage of certain shoes for individuals with di-abetes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4757. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions fur-nished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4758. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the award of the Presidential Memorial Certificate to certain deceased members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and certain deceased members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4759. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay costs relating to the transportation of certain deceased veterans to veterans’ cemeteries owned by a State or tribal organization; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BUCK (for himself, Mr. G
OWDY , Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 4760. A bill to make an attack on a po-lice officer a hate crime, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. C OOK, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. P ELOSI , Ms. L
EE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. F ARR, Mrs. C
APPS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. B
ECERRA , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R
UIZ, Ms. B ASS, Mr. R OYCE , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. H
AHN, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. M
CCARTHY , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-fornia, Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia, Mr. I
SSA, and Mr. H UNTER ): H.R. 4761. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Of-fice’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. T
AKAI, and Mr. G RIFFITH ): H.R. 4762. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to cellular therapies; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. N ADLER , and Ms. H
AHN): H.R. 4763. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and the Portal-to-Por-tal Act of 1947 to prevent wage theft and as-sist in the recovery of stolen wages, to au-thorize the Secretary of Labor to administer grants to prevent wage and hour violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Caro-lina, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. F LORES , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S
ALMON , Ms. G ABBARD , and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 4764. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide service dogs to certain vet-erans with severe post-traumatic stress dis-order; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 4765. A bill to provide first responders with planning, training, and equipment capa-bilities for crude oil-by-rail and ethanol-by- rail derailment and incident response, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR7.005 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1419 March 16, 2016 
H.R. 4766. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to American mili-tary personnel who fought in defense of Ba-taan, Corregidor, Guam, Wake Island, and the Philippine Archipelago between Decem-ber 7, 1941, and May 10, 1942, and who died or were imprisoned by the Japanese military in the Philippines, Japan, Korea, Manchuria, Wake Island, and Guam from April 9, 1942, until September 2, 1945, in recognition of their personal sacrifice and service to their country; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 4767. A bill to provide safe, fair, and responsible procedures and standards for re-solving claims of state secret privilege; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. B UCK, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B RAT, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. I
SSA, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): H.R. 4768. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial re-view of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 4769. A bill to repeal the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Incen-tive Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. S
TIVERS , and Mrs. B EATTY ): H.R. 4770. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide appropriate rules for the application of the deduction for income attributable to domestic production activities with respect to certain contract manufacturing or production arrangements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia, Mr. S
CHRADER , and Mr. C LY-
BURN ): H. Res. 646. A resolution expressing the po-sition of the House of Representatives in the matter of United States, et al. v. Texas, et al., No. 15-674; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self and Ms. D
ELAURO ): H. Res. 647. A resolution recognizing the Girl Scouts of the USA on the 100th anniver-sary of the Girl Scout Gold Award, the high-est award in Girl Scouts, which has stood for excellence and leadership for girls every-where since 1916; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. B RAT, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. B ARR, and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana): H. Res. 648. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives re-specting budget-related points of order; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 4749. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 4750. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 4751. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 4752. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 4753. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers (Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 13 and 14), and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. By Mr. CONYERS: H.R. 4754. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 4755. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. REED: H.R. 4756. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4757. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4758. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4759. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 4760. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 1, section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution of the United States which states: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 4761. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 4762. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 4763. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 4764. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Du-ties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 4765. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 4766. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 of the Constitution, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16MR7.100 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1420 March 16, 2016 
By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 4767. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution and clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 4768. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article III, Section 1, Sentence 1, and Sec-tion 2, Clauses 1 and 4, of the Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects judi-cial powers and cases that are subject to leg-islation by Congress; Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that section, including the exer-cise of those powers when delegated by Con-gress to the Executive; and, Article I, Sec-tion 8, clause 18 of the United States Con-stitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 4769. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress has the authority ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes’’ By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 4770. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 7 which provides that ‘‘All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 612: Mr. D ESANTIS . H.R. 619: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 654: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 664: Mr. K
IND, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. V ELA, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. ADAMS , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. K
APTUR , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 752: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 759: Mr. P
OLLS. H.R. 815: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 816: Mr. S
TUTZMAN . H.R. 842: Mr. W
HITFIELD . H.R. 953: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. R
ANGEL , and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 969: Mr. R
OUZER and Mrs. C APPS . H.R. 986: Mr. D
ENTand Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas. H.R. 1336: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1427: Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas. H.R. 1431: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 1432: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 1479: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1586: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1594: Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. G
RAYSON , and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 1859: Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2342: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2434: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2460: Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 2697: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2799: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2802: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 2817: Mr. A
SHFORD and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 2894: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2896: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. P ETERS on. H.R. 2932: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 2962: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2992: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 3080: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3222: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 3235: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 3365: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3381: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 3429: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 3514: Mr. LYNCH , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. M
ENG, and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 3673: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3684: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3690: Ms. E
DWARDS . H.R. 3691: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 3817: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3880: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 3892: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 3986: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4116: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. K IND, and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4177: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 4184: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 4219: Mr. T
IBERI and Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 4248: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4262: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 4336: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 4352: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4369: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 4400: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 4448: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 4534: Mr. K
LINE, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. H UNTER , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 4554: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 4562: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 4570: Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 4584: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4592: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. C
ARNEY , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 4622: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 4633: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4637: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 4640: Mr. R
ANGEL and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4651: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4664: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 4668: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 4678: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4682: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4715: Mr. H
URT of Virginia and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 4730: Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4747: Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia. H.J. Res. 54: Mr. R
IBBLE . H. Res. 112: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H. Res. 156: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H. Res. 290: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. R
IBBLE . H. Res. 615: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H. Res. 621: Mr. B
ARTON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR7.012 H16MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1515 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 2016 No. 42 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:15 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Sovereign Lord, You are our strong shelter and hiding place. We praise You for Your love and wisdom. Lord, You are too wise to make a mistake, too loving to be unkind, and too powerful for Your providence not to prevail. We are grateful that You have the final word about what happens in our Nation and world, so teach us to patiently wait for Your will to be done. Guide our lawmakers, giving them a clear comprehension of Your plans for our Nation. As they depend upon Your wis-dom, fill them with the courage to ac-complish those things that will unite rather than divide us. Inspire us all to experience the constancy of Your pres-ence. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
GENETICALLY MODIFIED FOOD LABELING BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as we all know, the President will be making an announcement this morning on the Supreme Court. I will have more to say about that later this morning. As for the legislation currently be-fore the Senate, the Senate will resume its consideration of bipartisan legisla-tion aimed at protecting middle-class families from unfair higher food prices. It is a commonsense solution founded on science-based standards. Let’s ad-vance it together. If colleagues have other ideas on the issue, I would again encourage them to work with the bill managers to process any alternative solutions they may have. f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 2686 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2686) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader is recognized. 
f 
PRESIDENT’S NOMINEE TO THE SUPREME COURT Mr. REID. Mr. President, in just a few minutes President Obama will offi-cially announce his nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court. In considering a nomination to the highest Court in the Nation, the President has said he would adhere to three important prin-ciples: First, the nominee must possess impeccable credentials. That means an outstanding education, critical judicial experience, and an expert under-standing of the law. Second, the nomi-nee should have a keen awareness of the judiciary’s role. That means under-standing the Court’s constitutional place in our government, and its limi-tations; third, and finally, life experi-ence. A qualified Supreme Court Jus-tice is someone with an understanding of the realities that Americans face each and every day. I have no doubt how hard this must have been for the President. I have no doubt President Obama’s nominee will possess these important attributes just outlined. Once President Obama has done his constitutional duty and an-nounced publicly this nominee, it will then fall upon the Senate to provide its advice and consent. For 100 years we have had these hearings in public, going back to during Justice Brandeis’ hearing. The Republican leader has made it clear that he and his caucus have no intention of considering the nominee. It is hard to comprehend but that is what he said, and it appears at this stage, basically, all Republicans have fallen in line with this. I hope Presi-dent Obama’s nomination of an excep-tionally qualified and consensus nomi-nee will persuade Senate Republicans to change course. I do hope they will do their constitutional duty and give President Obama’s nominee a meeting, a hearing, and a vote. He is doing his job this morning. Republicans should do theirs this morning too. Mr. President, will the Presiding Of-ficer announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.000 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1516 March 16, 2016 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany S. 764, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany S. 764, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the House amendment to the bill with McConnell (for Roberts) amendment No. 3450 (to the House amendment to the bill), in the nature of a substitute. McConnell motion to refer the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11:45 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask unani-mous consent that the time be charged equally. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I rise to express my disappointment that we have not yet been able to come to an agreement on the issue of GMO la-beling. Senator R
OBERTS and I have a long history of friendship and of work-ing together. We have both worked very hard to come to an agreement on an extremely difficult and emotional issue. I thank him for his continual work, and I am forever the optimist that we will get there, even though we are not there yet. We have continued to work, and my team and I have con-tinued to work, to find common ground, all the way until very late last night. If we at this point do not pro-ceed but can have some more time, I believe it is possible for us to come to-gether in a bipartisan solution. While this debate has been difficult, there are some important areas where Senator R
OBERTS and I agree. For in-stance, Senator R
OBERTS and I agree that the science has shown us that bio-technology is safe. In fact, leading health organizations like the American Medical Association, the National Academy of Sciences, the FDA, and the World Health Organiza-tion all say there is no evidence that GMOs aren’t safe. We agree that bio-technology is an important tool for farmers and ranchers, particularly as we tackle the challenges of climate change—which, by the way, science also tells us is real. I believe in science, and I would love if we would all come together around the science on both of these issues. We have to tackle the need to feed a growing, hungry world. We agree that a 50-State patchwork of labeling laws is not a workable long-term solution. In fact, I don’t know any Member on any side of this issue in the Senate who doesn’t agree with that, that we have to have a national approach, not 50 dif-ferent States. But we also know, as we have frequently debated States’ rights, the importance of States making deci-sions, that when we preempt States, whether it is on fuel efficiency stand-ards for automobiles or whether it is on food labeling, the approach has al-ways been to go from 50 different States doing 50 different things to hav-ing a national standard and a national approach. As it was with CAFE stand-ards, in which I was very involved, it is important that it work from an indus-try standpoint. I know it can be done, and it is our job to get to that point. We also recognize, though, that a growing number of American con-sumers want to know more about the food they eat, and they have the right to know. They have the right to know what is in their food. I was very proud of the fact that we came together on the last farm bill to recognize all parts of agriculture. The fastest growing part of agriculture is the organic sector. We gave more op-portunities to support the organic sec-tor, the local food movement. People should have choices in decid-ing what food they eat, how it is grown, how it is processed, and that is something we have said in national policy that we support through our ag-ricultural policies. Unfortunately, the Senate is poised to vote on a bill that I do not support, that does not fully an-swer this demand from consumers. Consumers want information about the food they eat, it is as simple as that. In fact, the bill continues the status quo on providing information to con-sumers. It lists a number of things, many of which are already being done, 1–800 numbers and so on. Look at the back of the pack; it lists things, but they are things that are already being done—not all but many, enough—and then says: We will keep the status quo nationally, but we will preempt the States and citizens around the country from taking individual action. I don’t support that. That is not good enough. It doesn’t reflect what we do when we are talking about Federal policy. That is one reason I think the approach put forward in the bill is the wrong path. Unfortunately, we have seen a lot of emotion around this issue on both sides—a lot of emotion. Frankly, there is a lot of confusion about GMOs and their safety, which is why I think this approach is the wrong approach. We should be telling the story, as should farmers, of biotechnology and the im-portance that it plays in our food pro-duction and in food security. We should not be taking action that further ap-pears to stop consumers from getting the information they want and feeds into the idea that there is something wrong, that there is a reason to hide, because there is not. We should em-brace this opportunity to share with the public what is in our food, talk about it, why we use these crops, why they are deemed safe. That is why, during the last several months of negotiations with Chairman ROBERTS , I offered several proposals that would shed light on this issue and do it in a way that is eminently work-able for those involved in the food in-dustry. While those proposals were not ultimately accepted, I still believe we need and can achieve a policy that cre-ates a uniform national system of dis-closure for the use of GMO ingredients and do it in a way that has common sense and works for everybody. The na-tional disclosure system needs to pro-vide real options for disclosing infor-mation about GMOs that work for both consumers and food companies. I believe we must create a system that provides certainty as well to our food companies and all of our compa-nies—national, organic, traditional companies. Everyone knows that a 50- State system with 50 different defini-tions, 50 different laws, and 50 different ways to do packaging doesn’t work, so we all have a need to come together and to fix this. I also believe that a system must work for all companies— very small companies, medium-sized companies, and large companies as well. I believe we must not harm the im-portant work being done by our or-ganic producers. Again, we made great strides in the farm bill, and we need to keep the choices that are in the mar-ketplace now available to consumers and not pass something that will in-fringe on any of the choices consumers have. I am disappointed that we have not yet been able to come to a clear con-sensus on the issue of GMO labeling. I know this issue is contentious. As I said, it is very emotional on all sides. As far as I am concerned, it is time for us to come together on a thoughtful, commonsense approach that is best for consumers, for farmers, for families, and for our country. We have the most successful agricul-tural system, food economy in the world. We are the envy of the world. We want to make sure that whatever we do, we maintain that position. But part of who we are in America is a country that believes in people’s right to know information and be able to make their own individual choices. I believe there is a way to do that, to make sure we continue to have the strongest, most vibrant, most success-ful and robust agricultural economy and food economy in the world—we are literally feeding the world—and at the same time be able to provide basic in-formation that American consumers are asking to have provided. I will not be supporting Senator R
OB-
ERTS ’ amendment. I think this may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.002 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1517 March 16, 2016 
the first time in the years we have worked together—both with me as chair and now with him as chair—that we have not come to the floor united. It is not for lack of trying. We have been working very hard, and there are differences, but I believe that if we have the opportunity to keep working, we will be able to get to that spot where we can come together. As I urge colleagues to oppose this proposal and moving forward on clo-ture without having an agreement, I also commit to continue working to get there because we have to take ac-tion to solve this problem and it has to be done in a bipartisan way. That is how we get things done, and I am com-mitted to continuing to work with our chairman and with Members on both sides of the aisle so we can do that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I rise this morning to discuss an issue that is pretty near and dear to my heart and I think to the hearts of many throughout the State of Alaska, and that is—I will call it an aberration, an aberration in the fish world. What I am talking about is genetically engineered salmon, GE salmon. We just heard from the ranking mem-ber on the Senate Committee on Agri-culture. I appreciate the work she has done, along with the Senator from Kansas, to try to forge a path forward as it relates to GMO, but when we are talking about genetically engineered salmon, let me make it very clear that we are talking about two very distinct and different issues here. This is sepa-rate from the larger GMO debate. Genetically engineered animals are not crops, and GE salmon is a geneti-cally engineered animal. This is some-thing that is entirely new. This is a new species. This is a new species that will potentially be introduced into our markets, into our homes, and quite possibly, contrary to what any envi-ronmental analysis claims, enters into our ecosystem. When we are talking about the GMO, the broader GMO debate here on the floor, keep in mind that when I stand up, when the other Senator from Alas-ka stands up, when Alaskans stand up to talk about genetically engineered salmon, we are talking about an en-tirely different issue. I get pretty wound up about this issue. I just came from a meeting of about 20 young Alaskans from around the State. I said: I am sorry, I have to leave be-cause I have to go to the floor to speak to this issue that is so important to us in Alaska. Do you all know what ge-netically engineered salmon is? They said: Yeah. It is kind of that fake fish. It is Frankenfish, is what we call it because it is so unnatural. It is so un-natural that it is something that, as Alaskans, we need to stand up and de-fend against. I grew up in the State of Alaska. I was born there. I know well that escap-ing from pens occurs in hatcheries, and it can occur in facilities where fish are grown. I also well know the immense value of our fisheries and the potential for havoc that something like this Frankenfish could wreak upon our wild sustainable stocks. I am standing here this morning say-ing that I will not be supporting clo-ture on this bill, as it is an issue which is too important to so many and has not yet been adequately addressed. I have attempted to work with the chair-man and the committee to offer sen-sible and what we believe are reason-able fixes, but there is no solution as of yet. I am standing today demanding, ask-ing that the voices of Alaskans, who have stood with me in solidarity on this issue, be heard because we will not accept that genetically engineered salmon or Frankenfish—whatever it is you want to call it—we will not accept that it will be allowed to be sold with-out clear labeling because I don’t want to make any mistakes; I don’t want to find that what I have served my family is a genetically engineered fish, and I use ‘‘fish’’ lightly. We talk about Frankenfish and some people kind of snicker nervously, but it is not a joke to Alaskans. This new species could pose a serious threat to the livelihoods of Alaskan fishermen, and I will stand to support the liveli-hood of Alaskan fishermen. Alaska’s fisheries are world-renowned for their high quality and for their sustain-ability. The Alaska seafood industry supports more than 63,000 direct jobs and contributes over $4.6 billion to the State’s economy. Nearly one in seven Alaskans is employed in the commer-cial seafood industry. That is how my boys put themselves through college—working in the com-mercial fishing industry. We know about fish. For generations, my family has been involved in one way, shape, or form with the fishing business. Salmon is a major part of Alaska’s seafood economy, and commercial fish-ermen around the State harvested more than 265 million salmon this past season, including chinook, sockeye, coho, chum, pinks—all wild. As we all know, wild salmon is loaded with all of the good things in it that God has placed there: tremendous health benefits, lean protein, source of omega-3s, B–6, B–12, Niacin—every-thing good, all in that natural wild package. More than 1.5 million people wrote to the FDA opposing approval of geneti-cally engineered salmon. So you have a groundswell of support around the country—this is not just from Alas-kans weighing in. People are saying: No, we don’t think this should be ap-proved. The FDA went ahead anyway. Then you have a growing number of grocery stores—Safeway, Kroger, Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s, and Target—that have all announced they are not going to sell this. They are not going to sell this ge-netically engineered species in their stores. Yet, despite this immense opposition, in November of last year, the FDA ap-proved AquaBounty Technologies’ ap-plication for its genetically engineered AquAdvantage salmon. So for those of you who are not fully informed on what this genetically engineered fish is—how it comes about—GE salmon start from a transgenic Atlantic salm-on egg. This is an ocean pout. It is a type of an eel. As you can see, it doesn’t look anything like a salmon, even if you don’t know your salmon very well. This is a bottom-dwelling ocean pout eel. They take a slice of DNA from this, a slice of DNA from a magnificent Chi-nook salmon, and splice it into an At-lantic salmon egg. That egg is meant to produce a fish that will grow to full size twice as fast as a normal Atlantic salmon. So this is the push here—to push Mother Nature, which creates a perfectly beautiful fabulous salmon, and to take a slice of DNA here and a slice of DNA there and put it in an At-lantic salmon, which is a farmed fish, and grow it so that it grows twice as fast as a normal fish, but growing it in penned condition, theoretically, so that there is no way for escape. But are we guaranteed that there is no way for escape? I don’t know. Show me that. But what we have here, I think, is a fair question as to whether or not this GE salmon can even be called a salm-on. So the FDA signed off on this last November. But they made no manda-tory labeling requirement. Instead, they said: Labels can be voluntary. So, in other words, if you want to say that this piece of fish that is in front of you in the grocery store is genetically engi-neered—or not real—you can volun-tarily put that on your label. Nobody is going to do that. Nobody is going to voluntarily say this is genetically engi-neered. So what we have done—what I have done—is to fight to secure a mandatory labeling requirement both before ap-proval of AquaBounty’s application and since its approval. So we have been working hard on this issue. We have made some significant headway. But what we are dealing with on the floor right now—this legislation—would wipe that work clean, instead of using legislative tools at our disposal to ef-fectively and precisely amend this leg-islation in order to address the issue of GE salmon. So what we did is that we got some language in the Omnibus appropria-tions bill that requires the FDA not to allow the introduction of any food that contains GE salmon until it publishes final labeling guidelines that inform consumers of that content. So what this did is that this kind of forced the FDA to issue an import alert, which ef-fectively bans all imports of geneti-cally engineered salmon for 1 year. But it also directs the FDA to spend funds—significant funds—of no less than $150,000 to develop labeling guide-lines and to implement a program to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.003 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1518 March 16, 2016 
disclose to consumers whether salmon offered for sale to consumers is geneti-cally engineered. Again, what we want to be able to do is to let consumers know whether this fish is genetically engineered or not. So we thought that was a pretty clear labeling mandate to the FDA. But the FDA then later came back to us and said they felt that there was still clari-fying legislation that we needed to do. So I have worked with Senator S
UL-
LIVAN , my colleague from Alaska, as well as Senators C
ANTWELL , MERKLEY , and H
EINRICH , and we introduced S. 738, which is the Genetically Engineered Salmon Risk Reduction Act. We also introduced a separate piece of legislation to respond to the FDA’s November approval. We introduced S. 2640, the Genetically Engineered Salm-on Labeling Act. What that bill would do is kind of to build on last year’s om-nibus provisions and would require la-beling of genetically engineered salm-on through language that I received through technical assistance working with the FDA on this. Additionally, we would mandate a third-party scientific review of the FDA’s environmental assessment of AquAdvantage salmon and the effects that these GE salmon would have on wild stocks and ecosystems, which, in my opinion—and I think, in the opin-ion of many others—were insufficiently addressed during the FDA’s environ-mental assessment. So we have been working with the FDA on this, to develop this language to mandate labeling. The FDA has been cooperative at this point working on this issue. That really is a significant step forward. But it required me to do something that maybe others are perhaps a little more active on—to place a hold on a nominee. I placed a hold on the FDA Commissioner, Dr. Robert Califf. This is not something that I do lightly. I have not placed a hold on a nominee before. I don’t take this action lightly. But it was necessary. It was necessary to bring to the attention of the FDA the significance of this issue and the seriousness of what we were dealing with. So we got FDA to the table. We have been working with them. They have been listening. They have been helpful. We are so close to resolving this. Now we are on the floor with GMO legisla-tion. Again, as I said at the outset, GMO is different than what we are dealing with in this genetically engi-neered species, a new species designed for human consumption here. My concern is that with the GMO bill before us now, it really does threaten the good progress we have made at this point in time. It is not just the progress that the Alaska delegation made but really the work of so many Alaskans, the bipartisan hard-working efforts of so many around the country who share the same concerns. I think we have offered some pretty sensible solutions. I will continue to offer them. I will continue my efforts to work with the chairman, for whom I have great respect. Know that, while it is not opposition to the overall bill or its underpinnings, where my concern remains is mistakenly allowing geneti-cally engineered salmon into our homes, mislabeled as salmon. This is something that we will con-tinue to raise awareness on and raise the issue until we have finally and fully resolved it. IDITAROD SLED DOG RACE  
Mr. President, if I still have a few minutes more this morning, I would like to switch topics and speak about the last great race—the last great race in Alaska and really around the world, which is the Iditarod sled dog race, a 1,049-mile race from south central Alas-ka to Nome, AK, where man-and-dog teams are up against Mother Nature, improbably one of the most incredible human and animal endeavors that are out there. Yesterday, we saw the conclusion. We greeted the front runner to the 44th Iditarod sled dog race. So for 44 years now, it is an amazing race from Willow to Nome. Again, when you think about man and dog out on the ice, out in the raw wilderness for 1,000 miles, this race has been described as the equivalent of an attempt at Mount Everest. When you think about all that is Alaska and the open spaces, the inde-pendent people, and just man against nature or woman against nature, it is really the Iditarod that epitomizes so much of it. It demands not only the most out of our athletes but mental conditioning as well. It requires excep-tional endurance, courage, and sound judgment as you navigate these amaz-ing places. But it is not just the men or women who are the physical athletes. It is not just their judgment that guides this race. It is that of the teams—the dogs themselves. When you think about the amazing teamwork that goes on between a musher and his or her animals—the communication and the will to go 1,000- plus miles in extraordinary condi-tions—it really is something that just stirs the greatest imagination. We have had Iditarods where teams have lit-erally buried into the wind coming at them at 50 miles an hour and 30 below, in the dark, attacked by moose on the trail, losing the trail, with accidents, disasters. I was going to say it is like a reality TV show. Only it is not a reality TV show. It is what Alaskans and many around the world engage in. The mushers themselves are remarkable. I could stand here on the floor and talk all morning about them, but I won’t. I will highlight just a few of them. DeeDee Jonrowe, is a longtime friend of mine. She ran her 34th Iditarod this year—talk about bravery and persever-ance. This is a woman who the year be-fore last lost her father. This summer she and her husband lost everything they owned in a wildfire out in Willow, AK. The only thing that was saved were her dogs. But she lost her sleds, her harnesses, her home, her everything. Then, just shortly after, she lost her mother. Her comment to me was this: I am going to go back on the trail so that I can just focus. That is one tough woman. Brent Sass is a guy who captured the lead for much of the race. He is one of these guys who came to Alaska to be a homesteader, a wilderness guy. He was champion of the Yukon Quest. He res-cued mushers along the way—an amaz-ing guy. He was actually in front posi-tion last year and was disqualified be-cause he had an iPod and was listening to music. Along the trail, there are no elec-tronic devices. There are pretty tough rules in the Iditarod. Can you imagine being out on a 1,000-mile trail with no-body else, and no device, no electronics for you? Jeff King is an amazing guy, whose grit and determination has been at the forefront of this race and so many oth-ers—a multiple winner. But he was in-volved with a horribly tragic accident when a snow machiner, a drunk indi-vidual, literally attacked his team, killed one of his dogs and injured a couple of others. It was extraordinarily difficult to handle that challenge—the emotion of losing a dog but also just the real trag-edy and calamity of an accident like that. Jeff has finished the race in the top 10, which is remarkable. Another remarkable feat, though, is Aly Zirkle, who finished third, and was also subject to an extreme scare by this same snow machiner—a horribly tragic side to this year’s Iditarod. But there was the fact that Aly, one tough lady, came in third and persevered all the way, just getting her head into the game. There are so many stories about these amazing men and women, but the winner of this year’s Iditarod is a young man named Dallas Seavey, 29 years old. He crossed the finish line into Nome at 9:30 p.m. last night. Dal-las finished in 8 days 11 hours 20 min-utes 16 seconds. This is his fourth over-all win, and his third consecutive win. He is only one victory away from matching the ‘‘king’’ of the Iditarod, five-time champion Rick Swenson. Guess who was No. 2 in the Iditarod, trailing Dallas by about 45 minutes. It was his dad. Father and son finished No. 1 and No. 2 in the Iditarod. What other sport can you think of where you have a father and son competing against one another and coming in first and second? You have to go back a ways to come up with an answer to that. It was absolutely an amazing story and Alaskans watched it play out. I had an opportunity to visit with the father of Mitch Seavey and the grand-father of Dallas Seavey. I asked: Dan, who do you predict is going to win the Iditarod this year? His response was: I don’t care as long as it is a Seavey. He was right and certainly got his wish. Alaskans are proud of the men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.005 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1519 March 16, 2016 
women who take on these extraor-dinary challenges, capture the atten-tion and the fascination of the world with their feats of physical and mental endurance. The men and women of the 44th Iditarod race are to be commended and congratulated. With that, I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to express my opposition to the legislation introduced by Sen-ator R
OBERTS to preempt State label-ing laws for genetically modified orga-nisms, also known as GMOs. The Mellman Group released a poll last year that found that 89 percent of Americans support mandatory labeling of GMOs. The calls and letters I receive from California constituents confirm widespread support for this policy. Since 2015, I have received more than 90,000 letters and emails from constitu-ents who want a mandatory labeling standard. Since the beginning of this year, my office has received nearly 2,000 calls in favor of mandatory label-ing. Clearly, the public wants their food to be labeled in a consistent and trans-parent manner. However, Senator R
OB-
ERTS ’ proposal would preempt voter- passed mandatory GMO labeling laws in Connecticut, Maine, and Vermont. Overriding these State laws would be a step backward for consumer knowl-edge. I recognize that the food industry cannot comply with 50 different State labeling laws. That is why I have co-sponsored legislation introduced by Senator J
EFFMERKLEY to create a con-sistent, transparent Federal standard on how to label foods that contain GMO ingredients. This legislation would require food producers to add a statement or symbol after the ingre-dient list to state that the product con-tains GMO ingredients. Companies would be given four options to meet the requirement. In contrast, Senator R
OBERTS ’ bill makes it more difficult for consumers to find out what is in their food. It re-quires the Department of Agriculture to create new, voluntary labeling guid-ance, despite the fact that the Food and Drug Administration already cre-ated voluntary guidance. Furthermore, Senator R
OBERTS ’ bill allows a confusing array of options for disclosure beyond labeling. This in-cludes 1–800 numbers, Web sites, smartphone applications, and social media posts. In my view, the only fair and con-sistent way to label food is on the package in a clear, straightforward, and consistent manner. Consumers do not have time to scan barcodes on food packages or to call 1–800 numbers. Con-sumers want the information they need to make the best choices for them and their families readily available on packaging. And I believe they deserve to have that information. I want to make it clear that I recog-nize that the Federal Government and scientists agree that GMO products are safe. I also realize that California farmers may need to rely on genetic engineering to address challenges such as climate change and disease. But I do not understand why industry is so op-posed to informing consumers of how their food was produced. The industry says it should only be required to label foods when there is a human health reason to do so. However, the Federal Government has always had labeling requirements for food that aren’t due to a human health reason. These requirements exist because they allow consumers to make informed choices in the market-place. For example, the Federal Gov-ernment requires juice that was made from concentrate to be labeled ‘‘made from concentrate.’’ The Federal Gov-ernment requires foods processed with irradiation to be labeled as such. The Federal Government has a specific la-beling requirement for what con-stitutes ground beef based on what parts of a cow is used, the fat content, and how it is processed. During this election season, many Americans have expressed a view that Washington is out of touch with the rest of the country. So I want to ask, does Washington really want to over-rule consumers who want GMO label-ing? Does Congress know better than the majority of American consumers? In my view, we should trust con-sumers and make sure they have the information they want on the food they buy. As such, I urge my col-leagues to oppose Senator ROBERTS ’ preemption legislation. Instead, I ask my colleagues to engage in a meaning-ful discussion for how we can create a mandatory standard that is flexible for industry but gives consumers the infor-mation they want. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I wish to start off my remarks with regard to the bill that is before us. There is an article from The Hill newspaper, and it is quoting Julie Borlaug, who is the granddaughter of Norman Borlaug, a University of Minnesota graduate who helped to spark the green revolution in agriculture technology that is credited with saving more than 1 billion people from dying of hunger. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the article from The Hill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From The Hill, Mar. 16, 2016] S
AFE, P ROVEN BIOTECHNOLOGY DESERVES  N
ON-STIGMATIZING NATIONAL LABELING  S
TANDARD  (By Julie Borlaug) Global hunger is one of the most pressing challenges of the 21st century and the prob-lem will only get worse if the U.S. Senate fails to take action and prevent a costly state-by-state patchwork of labeling man-dates for food containing genetically modi-fied organisms (GMOs). In a Senate Agriculture Committee mark- up last week, Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) correctly noted that ‘‘science is an essential piece of the puzzle in addressing food insecu-rity.’’ The senator also praised the legacy of my grandfather, Dr. Norman Borlaug, a Uni-versity of Minnesota graduate who helped spark the green revolution in agricultural technology that is credited with saving more than 1 billion people from dying of hunger. I am glad to see my grandfather’s work praised. And, as an associate director for the Borlaug Institute for International Agri-culture, I want to see his work, and the work of his fellow agricultural scientists, pro-tected. That means ensuring that innova-tions in agricultural biotechnology aren’t sent to the dustbin of history, leaving future generations asking why good solutions were abandoned. It really comes down to a simple label. In July, Vermont is set to become the first state to begin enforcing a GMO labeling mandate. The impacts will be felt on store shelves and in science labs around this coun-try. Make no mistake—these state labeling efforts are not about a so-called ‘right to know’ but are about enabling activists to drive GMOs out of the marketplace. Leaders in the labeling movement acknowledge this, with one saying ‘‘If we have it labeled, then we can organize people not to buy it.’’ These dangerous efforts undermine the critical importance of biotechnology and the role it plays in feeding the world. With the help of modern science and GMOs, farmers now have the ability to produce crops that better withstand droughts and require fewer pesticides. They can adapt genetic codes to acclimate to new environments, and ensure that crops grow well despite inhospitable cli-mates. You cannot be anti-hunger and be anti- GMO. GMOs not only make farming more sustainable, they directly impact national and global food security at a time when warming temperatures and rising popu-lations mean that those living in poverty will face increasingly unstable supplies of food. The safety of GMOs is as clear as their ben-efits. Every major scientific organization that has examined this issue has concluded that they are safe as any other food. Those denying their safety are denying the science. By allowing state-mandated on package la-beling of GMO foods, Congress would be turn-ing its back on decades of advancements in biotechnology and allowing a small group of activists to deny millions of people the tools that will prevent starvation and death. We cannot allow that to happen. Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Pat Roberts (R–Kan.) has put forward a bi-partisan proposal that would establish na-tional standards for food made with geneti-cally-engineered ingredients. The Biotech Labeling Solutions Act would prevent a cost-ly state-by-state patchwork of labeling man-dates. It would also help ensure that pro-viding greater information could go hand-in- hand with providing greater education at a national level about the safety and impor-tance of GMO crops. The Senate Agriculture Committee supported moving his bill to the full Senate by a 14–6 bipartisan vote. Now, we need senators of both parties to come together to support this common-sense approach. Sixteen years ago, my grandfather wrote that the world would soon have the agricul-tural technologies available to feed the 8.3 billion people anticipated in the next quarter of a century. The more pertinent question is whether farmers and ranchers will be per-mitted to use these technologies. The members of the Senate will decide that very question in their votes on the Biotech Labeling Solutions Act. For the sake of science and the world, the answer needs to be yes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.007 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1520 March 16, 2016 
Mr. ROBERTS. Quoting from the ar-ticle, Ms. Borlaug said: 
I am glad to see my grandfather’s work praised. . . . Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Pat Roberts . . . has put forward a bipartisan proposal that would establish na-tional standards for food made with geneti-cally-engineered ingredients. The Biotech Labeling Solutions Act would prevent a cost-ly state-by-state patchwork of labeling man-dates. It would also help ensure that pro-viding greater information could go hand-in- hand with providing greater education at a national level about the safety and impor-tance of GMO crops. . . . Sixteen years ago, my grandfather wrote that the world would soon have the agriculture technologies avail-able to feed the 8.3 billion people anticipated in the next quarter of a century. The more pertinent question is whether farmers and ranchers will be permitted to use these tech-nologies. 
I rise again to discuss my amend-ment numbered 3450 on biotechnology labeling solutions. There has been a lot of discussion about this amendment and this topic in general. That is a good thing. We should be talking about our food, we should be talking about our farmers and producers, and we should be talking about our consumers as well. It is important—extremely im-portant—to have an honest discussion and an open exchange with dialogue. After all, that is what we do in the Senate or at least that is what we are supposed to do. We are here to discuss difficult issues, craft compromised so-lutions, and finally vote in the best in-terest of our constituents. That is what we are doing here today: exercising our responsibility to cast a vote for what is in the best interest of those who sent us here. Let’s start with discussing difficult issues. The basic issue at hand is agri-culture biotechnology labeling. If you have heard any of my previous re-marks, you have heard me say time and time and time again that bio-technology products are safe, but you don’t have to take my word for it. The Agriculture Committee held a hearing late last year where all three agencies in charge of reviewing biotechnology testified before our members. Over and over again the EPA, the FDA, and the USDA told us that these products are safe—safe for the environment, safe for other plants, and safe for our food sup-ply. This is the gold standard on what is safe with regard to agriculture bio-technology. Not only are these prod-ucts safe, but they also provide bene-fits to the entire value chain from pro-ducer to consumer. Through bio-technology, our farmers are able to grow more on less land using less water, less fuel, and less fertilizer, but the difficult issue we are debating today is about more than recognizing the fact that biotechnology is safe. No, today our decision is about whether to prevent a wrecking ball from hitting our entire food supply chain. The dif-ficult issue for us to address is what to do about the patchwork of bio-technology labeling laws that will soon wreak havoc on the flow of interstate commerce, agriculture, and food prod-ucts in every supermarket and every grocery store up and down Main Street of every community in America. That is what this is about. It is not about safety, it is not about health, and it is not about nutrition. It is all about marketing. What we face today is a handful of States that have chosen to enact label-ing requirements on information that has nothing to do with health, safety, or nutrition. Unfortunately, the im-pact of these decisions will be felt all across the country. Those decisions im-pact the farmers in the fields who would be pressured to grow less effi-cient crops so manufacturers could avoid these demonizing labels. Those labeling laws will impact distributors who have to spend more money to sort different labels for different States. Those labeling laws will ultimately im-pact consumers who will suffer from higher priced food. It will cost $1,050 per year for an average family of four. That is right. If we do nothing, it is not manufacturers that will pay the ulti-mate price, it is the consumer. A study released this year found that changes in the production or labeling of most of the Nation’s food supply for a single State would impact citizens in each of our home States. The total an-nual increased cost of doing nothing today, such as not voting for cloture, could be as much as $82 billion every year. That is a pretty costly cloture vote. That is 1,050 bucks tacked onto each family’s grocery bill, and that is a direct hit to their pocketbooks. Let me repeat that. If we fail to act today—if we do not have cloture and get to this compromise bill—the cost to con-sumers would total as much as $82 bil-lion a year or 1,050 bucks for hard- working American families. I don’t think that is what my colleagues want. I don’t think they want to be respon-sible for that: a cloture vote with an $82 billion price tag? Come on. This is the difficult issue we must ad-dress and the question is, How do we fix it? That is why we have crafted a compromise solution and put it on the floor for debate and action. The amend-ment before us today stops this wreck-ing ball before any more damage can be done. Two weeks ago, the Agriculture Com-mittee passed a bill with a bipartisan vote of 14 to 6. I am very proud of that legislation. It stopped the State-by- State patchwork and provided a na-tional voluntary standard for bio-technology food products. For the first time, the Federal Government would set a science-based standard allowing consumers to demand the marketplace provide more information. Consumers are growing more and more interested in their food, and that is a good thing. We, as consumers, should learn more about where our food comes from and what it takes to keep our food supply the safest, the most abundant, and the most affordable in the world. However, the role of government in this space is to ensure that information regarding safety, health, and nutritional value are expressed directly to consumers, but the information in question today has nothing to do with safety or health or nutrition, so the responsibility and opportunity to inform the consumers falls on the marketplace. If consumers want more information, they demand it by voting with their pocketbooks in the aisles of the grocery store. As our bipartisan bill has come to the floor, I have heard concerns that this voluntary standard is not enough for our consumers. Yet again we worked with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle. The legislation be-fore us goes further than the com-mittee-passed bill. This legislation ad-dresses concerns with a voluntary-only approach by providing an incentive for the marketplace to provide consumers with more information. To my friends on this side of the aisle, this legislation allows the mar-ket to work. To my friends on that side of the aisle, if the marketplace does not live up to their commitments, if in-formation is not made available to con-sumers, then this legislation holds the markets accountable by instituting a mandatory standard. It is not just any mandatory standard, it is a standard that provides the same options and mechanisms for compliance as outlined and stated publicly by our Secretary of Agriculture, Tom Vilsack. Simply put, the legislation before us provides us an immediate and com-prehensive solution to the unworkable State-by-State patchwork labeling laws. As chairman of the sometimes powerful Senate Agriculture Com-mittee, I believe this is a true com-promise. Like any bill, it is not perfect, and I know that, but to those who criticize this legislation in one breath and say they want a compromise in the next breath, I ask: Where is your plan? Where is your solution? We have heard the distinguished Senator from Oregon many times on this floor—not a strang-er to this floor—criticizing this com-promise. I appreciate, and I am sure we all appreciate, his passion. I disagree with his views, but I appreciate that he did put his plan into a bill and put it out for public debate. What I don’t un-derstand is why he doesn’t want to vote on it. Why would you put a bill out there and decide not to vote on it? Why would you not vote for cloture so you can get to a vote on your bill? We could have voted on his legislation today. Yet when he was presented with the op-tion to take a vote, he declined. I have read the press release where he de-scribed the compromise as maintaining the status quo. If the truth be known, this com-promise achieves just the opposite. In fact, voting no today is the only way that maintains the status quo. Voting no today does nothing to stop the wrecking ball. Voting no today ensures that the instability in the marketplace continues. Voting no today puts farm-ers and all of agriculture at risk. Vot-ing no today negatively impacts the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.009 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1521 March 16, 2016 
daily lives of everybody in the food chain from the farmer who will be forced to plant fence row to fence row of a crop that is less efficient to the grain elevator that will have to adjust storage options to separate the types of grain, to the manufacturer that will need different labels for different States, to the distributor that will need expanded storage for sorting, and to the retailer who may be unable to afford offering low-cost, private-label products, and, finally, to the consumer who will be forced to pay for all this additional cost to the tune of $82 bil-lion. Now we come to our final task as elected officials of this body taking a vote. But before we do, we should all know that never before—never before in my experience as chairman of the House Agriculture Committee and chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee and all the years I have had the privilege to serve on both commit-tees—we have never seen a bill in the Agricultural Committee with so much support, never. Over 800 organizations all across the food and agriculture per-spective have a stake in this bill. It is at the national and State and local lev-els. They all support the bill. The bill has the support of the National Asso-ciation of State Departments of Agri-culture, the American Farm Bureau, and many, many more. Virtually every farm group is in town. I just talked to the American Soybean Association this past week. One farmer said: Hey, if I cannot have agriculture biological crops with re-gard to increasing the yield that I plant, what am I going to do? Am I going to plant fence row to fence row? Am I going to lose in this situation when farming income is declining and farm credit is getting tighter? The fundamental role of the Agri-culture Committee is to protect Amer-ican farmers and ranchers who provide a safe, abundant, and affordable food supply to a very troubled and hungry world. So I will be voting yes to do just that, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. Voting no today means telling your constituents next week that you are raising their grocery bill by over $1,000. Good luck with that. It is a pretty simple vote. You are ei-ther for agriculture or you are not. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, later this morning we continue to work on whether to consider a food labeling bill here in the Senate. As a dad, I know this bill is about much more than just words or symbols or a label. It is about the confidence we have in the food we eat and the food we feed our children. As a Hoosier, I also know this bill is about preserving confidence in a long and proud Indiana tradition of growing the food that feeds our communities and provides a safe and reliable food supply for the world. Whether you are a parent or a farmer, a Republican or a Democrat, our objectives in this debate should be the same: to provide con-sumers with access to accurate infor-mation about the food we eat and to do so in a way that does not mislead con-sumers into falsely thinking their food is unsafe. I believe strongly that consumers, our families, our kids, moms and dads, brothers and sisters deserve to feel con-fident in the food we feed our families. I want to know how much sugar is in my ice cream and how many calories are in that roast beef sandwich that I love so much. It is clear from this de-bate that many Americans want to know even more about where and how our food is produced. I believe we should have that information, and it should be easy to find. It is also common sense. This infor-mation should be delivered in a way that is fair, that is objective, and that is based in sound science. I have heard from many Hoosier farmers who are very concerned that some labels or symbols on packages would amount, in consumers’ minds, to warning labels and could send a misleading message that the safe and healthy products our farmers grow—think of sweet corn in our fields—are somehow unhealthy or even dangerous. This morning, my good friend, Sen-ator T
OMCARPER from Delaware, and I filed an amendment that builds off the framework of the proposal before us today. A framework I first suggested in the Agriculture Committee markup of this very bill. It creates a national vol-untary bioengineered food labeling standard. It stipulates that if food companies fail to make sufficient in-formation available, then a national food labeling standard for bio-engineering becomes mandatory. Our amendment works for farmers, it works for manufacturers, and it works for our families. It establishes ambi-tious goals for the availability of infor-mation related to bioengineering by re-quiring that after 3 years, 80 percent of the food products covered by the legis-lation would provide direct access to information. If the food industry does not meet this threshold, then the label-ing requirement becomes mandatory. Our amendment also requires clear and direct access to information on bioengineering. This could include ex-plicit disclosures, such as organic or GMO-free, or voluntarily disclosing bioengineering on the box. Or compa-nies choosing to participate in the vol-untary program could use various elec-tronic methods of disclosure, such as a Web site or a QR code in conjunction with a phone number that clearly indi-cates to consumers—to our families— where they can find more information and provides direct access to that in-formation. This is important because our shared goal is to provide direct ac-cess to information about the contents of our food to everyone, whether you have access to the Internet or a smartphone or a regular phone. So let me repeat: Our amendment allows for electronic disclosure to be used only in conjunction with a phone number, and both methods would have to provide di-rect access to information on the prod-uct’s contents. Finally, our amendment preserves State consumer protection laws and remedies. States write laws to protect our citizens from mislabeled products and to provide for remedies in case of false or misleading statements. Our amendment preserves those laws. Consumers, our families, farmers, and food producers are looking to the Senate for leadership. After months of discussion, we have been unable to agree yet on a proposal that gives con-sumers the information they want in a responsible way, but the issue remains. This will be another week of uncer-tainty for producers, for manufactur-ers, for our families who do not have the information they want, and for the producers and manufacturers I men-tioned who don’t know what is ex-pected. I am going to continue to work on this issue with Senator ROBERTS and Senator S
TABENOW . I strongly encour-age all my colleagues to consider the ideas that Senator C
ARPER and I have put forward and to try to work with us to find a solution that works for Amer-ica. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Thank you very much, Mr. President. I am rising to speak to this issue from a simple American citizen point of view. The American citizen wants the right to know what is in their food. They want to know how many calories; they want to know what the minerals and the vitamins are and what the in-gredients are. It is a simple standard because it is important to an indi-vidual to know what you are putting in your mouth, what you are putting on the table for your families and your children. This is a principle that we have hon-ored time and again on our packages. We proceeded to put on our packages whether fish is farm raised or wild caught because citizens wanted to know. It makes a difference to them. It is their choice. It is their judgment. We put on our packages whether juice is from concentrate or is fresh because citizens wanted to know. It is impor-tant to them. It is their right to know. We put the list of ingredients on the package in a simple format, not so that someone can spend an hour trying to research what is in it. No, we have a simple 1-second test. You pick up the food off the counter, you turn it over, you look at the list of ingredients and you say, this has the vitamin C I want-ed; this has the calories I wanted—the 1-second test. That is what is at stake because the bill that is before us right now kills the 1-second test. It kills immediate access to information for consumers. It says 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.010 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1522 March 16, 2016 
we are going to eviscerate States’ rights to respond to this desire of citi-zens to know what is in their food. This is a desire that stretches all across the United States, all genders, all ages, all parties. In fact, 9 out of 10 Americans say they want this simple information on the package to meet this 1-second test just like calories. Now here we are in this deeply di-vided Nation, this Nation in which we see in this Presidential campaign ex-tremes to the left and the right and ev-erything in between, and we wonder what is happening. Isn’t there anything we can agree on? Well, the fascinating thing is that here is something we can agree on: 80- plus percent in every category—Repub-licans, Democrats, Independents—al-most all of them near the 9-out-of-10 factor, women over 80 percent, men over 80 percent, young over 80 percent, old over 80 percent. In other words, all of those are between 80 and 90 percent no matter who you are, where you are, what your gender is, or how old you are. Nine out of ten Americans want to know what is in their food, and they want it easily accessible on the pack-age. My colleague talked about direct ac-cess to information. In this case, ‘‘di-rect access’’ is somewhat of a term sub-ject to interpretation because to the consumer, direct access is the 1-second test. I pick up the package, I flip it over, 390 calories, thank you very much. Done. But the term today is being used for indirect access. Let’s look at these different hall-of- mirrors proposals that are being put forward. OK. Sham No. 1 is the 800 number, an 800 number on the package. What is the purpose of that 800 num-ber? The package doesn’t say. There are 800 numbers on all kinds of pack-ages. You call up the company and complain because there is contamina-tion in your frozen peas. What is the purpose of it? Is it so you can call the company and ask about new products coming out? Without any information around it, it is just a number. And citi-zens don’t just go to a product and call a number. Why? Because they are busy. They are going down the grocery store aisle. They have a supermarket cart. They have a child in there. They want the 1-second test. They don’t want to be told they have to call a call center and get in a phone tree and press a bunch of buttons, and then a message comes on and says: I am sorry, due to high call volume, we will get to you in maybe 20 minutes, but stay on the line and we will play sweet music for you. And maybe—if you stay on the line long enough—maybe it is not 20 min-utes; maybe it is an hour. You get someone in a call center overseas who is saying things in an accent you can’t understand. Citizens hate that. And they hate pretend, false solutions. This does not mean direct access to infor-mation. This is direct: It is in my hand, 1 second. I see it. That is direct. Now there is another idea. It is called a QR code, or quick response code— quick response, computer code. Why is this on the package? No explanation. So is putting something with no expla-nation on a package helpful to con-sumers? No. Is it there so you can scan it when you check out to see what the price is? Is it there to find out about new products that are coming out from this company? Is it there because you might possibly find out information about discounts? You have no idea. There is no explanation. And when you use that code, you give up personal in-formation. So you have to have a phone. You have to have a smartphone. You have to have a data plan. You have to give up your privacy. And there is no explanation why you would even bother to go to it. That is completely misleading. That is why I call it the hall of mirrors. It is like you are at a circus. We have an 800 number, we have a QR code, no real information, no di-rect access to information. Let’s be honest with the American public. Nine out of ten Americans want this information presented in a simple format. A nationwide poll that was done in November did a followup ques-tion: Would you prefer for it to be sim-ply stated on the package or have a QR code? Again, 9 out of 10 said they want-ed a direct statement on the package. Look how much room this takes up. Isn’t it a lot simpler just to put a little symbol on there? That is all people want. They are not asking for anything that takes up room or costs anything, just like it doesn’t cost anything to put another ingredient on your pack-age if you add it to your ingredient list. Labels are changed all the time. I met with industry, and they said: Here are our top three priorities. Priority No. 1 is, we want a single na-tional standard so we don’t have con-flicting State standards. OK. That is understandable. We are on the verge of having that. In July we would have one State with a standard. There is nothing on the horizon for two States. There are several States that have said: If a whole bunch of States sign up, we will do something collec-tively. But certainly we are not at risk in the months ahead of more than one State standard, so there is no emer-gency here. But I agree with the under-lying principle that, indeed, when it comes to labels, a warehouse shouldn’t have to worry about whether it is ship-ping product to one subdivision of the State or another subdivision of the State or one State versus another State. So one standard is reasonable. The second thing they said is, we don’t want anything on the front of the package because that might imply there is something wrong with the food. OK. Fair enough. The third thing they said is, we don’t want anything pejorative. Fair enough. Have the FDA select a symbol to put on the package. We could solve this whole debate im-mediately for those who want to put on a QR code and just say: Scan this code for GE ingredients in this product. OK. Now the consumer gets the 1-second test. They look at it and see there are GE ingredients, and that is all they want to know. They don’t want to scan it and give up their privacy, and they don’t want to have to go to the Web site and look up the product, where in-formation would probably be mis-leading anyway. So that is fair enough. Now, there is a third idea that has been put forward, a third thing that is supposed to count as answering cus-tomer inquiries, and that is in this bill—to put information on social media. This triples the size of the house of mirrors. A consumer goes to look at the product to see if it has a code. No. Does it have an 800 number? No. Oh, there is this social media thing. Well, we all know there are over 100 companies doing different types of social media. We know the famous ones. We know Facebook and Instagram and Twitter. So where on their social media did this company put that information? Well, now you really have to be a detective. You could spend hundreds of hours trying to fig-ure out the answer to that. So the 800 number is phony, the QR code is a scam, and this whole social media thing is a sham. All citizens want is for us to be hon-est with them about the ingredients. That is all they are asking for. It is not very much. Scientific studies point to the benefits of some genetic engineer-ing, and they point to problems that have arisen from some genetic engi-neering. It should be up to the citizen. The citizen has the right to know. In this age where we are so divided, we have one thing in common, and that is that 90 percent of our citizens— whether from the Presiding Officer’s State or any of the States represented by Senators in this distinguished Hall, 90 percent of the citizens want a simple indication on the package. So why today are so many Senators coming to this floor saying they don’t care about what their citizens feel? They don’t care about their citizens’ rights, and they don’t care about States’ rights. I have heard so many colleagues who are planning to vote for this sham and scam today come to this floor and talk about the beauty of States as a labora-tory for ideas. Well, now, here is Vermont. Vermont has said: We will step up. We will be the laboratory. We will be the first standard and experi-ment in putting simple information on the package. Before we make any decision, the rest of the Nation gets the advantage to observe that State laboratory and then to say: Is it working or is it not working? Are there problems being cre-ated? How can it be improved? Do we want this as a model for the Nation for a single standard, or do we say that we absolutely don’t want it as a model for the Nation? Well, many of my colleagues here plan to crush the State laboratory. They have given fancy speeches about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.012 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1523 March 16, 2016 
States’ rights, but they are coming down today to vote to crush States’ rights to respond to a fundamental concern of their citizens. I must say I like the idea of the State laboratory and to see what one State does, but I also understand the under-lying concern that in short order there might be multiple States and con-flicting standards, and that is not a functioning situation for interstate commerce. So if we take away the right for a State to give the 1-second test for di-rect information—1 second—turn over the package; there are 880 calories. That is the test. Turn over the pack-age. GE ingredients are present. Thank you. That is the 1-second test. If we are going to crush the ability of a State to respond to a fundamental concern of its citizens, then we need to provide the same basic provision not in a scary fashion and not in a fashion that takes up space on the package, not on the front of the package; one standard for the entire United States, but it has to meet that test. That is all. It is a sim-ple, fair exchange. So today I urge my colleagues to vote against cloture because this bill is among the worst bills I have ever seen on the floor of the Senate. It is without good justification, without resolving the issue at hand, crushing States’ rights, taking away citizens’ right to know, and putting out three phony scam, sham alternatives. That is a very sad state of affairs. Another sad state of affairs is that this bill is on this floor having not gone through committee. We have heard a lot of pontificating about good process in the Senate and how we were going to have good process, but here is a bill written entirely outside the halls of the committee, never considered in the committee, and here it is on the floor. Such an important issue would merit substantial debate. Such an im-portant issue would merit a full and free amendment process. But two things happened imme-diately after this bill was introduced. The first is that the majority leader immediately filed cloture; that is, to close debate. So before one word—not one word had been said on this bill be-cause no one was able to speak between the bill being put on the floor and clo-ture. Oh, hey, I just filed the bill, and I am closing debate. That is not a fair and open process. Then the tree was filled, so no one can put an amendment forward. On such an important issue, that is not a situation that is accept-able. Furthermore, this was deftly timed to occur simultaneously with the five big primaries yesterday. So this is a moment where the American people are paying attention to Florida, they are paying attention to Illinois, and they want to know what happened in Missouri. They want to know what oc-curred in these five States. The press is paying attention to that. That is the one day of debate allowed before this cloture motion is voted on. So let’s take this bill and put it in committee and actually have a com-mittee process to consider it. Then bring it back to the floor with what-ever changes the committee makes, and hopefully the committee would honor the fundamental right to know by consumers. Bring the bill back to the floor and have a full and open amendment process on something so important to citizens. But do not crush States’ rights. Do not steal consumers’ right to know and try to do it in the dark of night while the Nation is dis-tracted by major primaries. It is wrong on policy, it is wrong on process, and it is an injustice to every citizen in our Nation. Here is the situation: The Nation is very cynical about this body. This body here, they say, isn’t responding to the concerns of the American citizens. Is there any single bill that has been more an example to justify that cyni-cism than this bill which is before us right now? When 9 out of 10 Americans say this is important to them, the ma-jority of this body says: We don’t care. When 9 out of 10—or roughly that num-ber—Democrats and Republicans and Independents all agree on something, this body says: We don’t care. Isn’t the cynicism of the American citizens jus-tified? Here is the thing: Our Nation was founded on a simple principle. That principle is embodied by three beau-tiful words in the beginning of our Con-stitution: ‘‘We the People.’’ Well, we the people want simple information on the package. So if we are here to honor that principle, why is this bill before us, I ask my colleagues. Why a bill that says the interests of a few titans in crushing a State laboratory is more important than the views of 90 percent of Americans? And when those Ameri-cans are asked, more than 7 out of 10 say this is very important to them, so this isn’t one of those casual issues. Why is it so important? Because this is food they put in their mouths and on their table, and even if they have no concerns about the GE product itself, they feel they have a right to know. So let’s return to the principles on which this Nation was founded. Let’s quit feeding the cynicism of citizens across this Nation who see these pow-erful special interests doing the oppo-site of what citizens ask for. Let’s be a Chamber that honors our relationship with our constituents, not one that tries to stomp out their rights. Let’s not allow debate to close on this bill. Let’s send it back to committee. Let’s have a committee process. Let’s have a floor debate in the future, with full and free amendments, on an issue so impor-tant to our States and so important to our citizens. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I am going to proceed on my leader time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the next Justice could fundamentally alter the direction of the Supreme Court and have a profound impact on our coun-try, so of course—of course the Amer-ican people should have a say in the Court’s direction. It is a President’s constitutional right to nominate a Supreme Court Justice, and it is the Senate’s constitu-tional right to act as a check on a President and withhold its consent. As Chairman G
RASSLEY and I de-clared weeks ago and reiterated person-ally to President Obama, the Senate will continue to observe the Biden rule so that the American people have a voice in this momentous decision. The American people may well elect a President who decides to nominate Judge Garland for Senate consider-ation. The next President may also nominate somebody very different. Ei-ther way, our view is this: Give the people a voice in filling this vacancy. Let me remind colleagues of what Vice President B
IDEN said when he was chairman of the Judiciary Committee here in the Senate. Here is what he said: 
It would be our pragmatic conclusion that once the political season is underway, and it is, action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election cam-paign is over. That is what is fair to the nominee and is central to the process. Other-wise, it seems to me . . . we will be in deep trouble as an institution. 
Chairman B IDEN went on. 
Others may fret that this approach would leave the Court with only eight members for some time, but as I see it . . . the cost of such a result—the need to reargue three or four cases that will divide the Justices four to four—are quite minor compared to the cost that a nominee, the President, the Sen-ate, and the Nation would have to pay for what would assuredly be a bitter fight, no matter how good a person is nominated by the President. 
That was Chairman J OEBIDEN. Consider that last part. Then-Sen-ator B
IDEN said that the cost to the Na-tion would be too great no matter who the President nominates. President Obama and his allies may now try to pretend this disagreement is about a person, but as I just noted, his own Vice President made clear it is not. The Biden rule reminds us that the de-cision the Senate announced weeks ago remains about a principle and not a person—about a principle and not a person. It seems clear that President Obama made this nomination not with the in-tent of seeing the nominee confirmed but in order to politicize it for purposes of the election—which is the type of thing then-Senate Judiciary Com-mittee Chairman B
IDEN was concerned about. It is the exact same thing Chair-man B
IDEN was concerned about. The Biden rule underlines that what the President has done with this nomina-tion would be unfair to any nominee, and, more importantly, the rule warns of the great costs the President’s ac-tion could carry for our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.013 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1524 March 16, 2016 
Americans are certain to hear a lot of rhetoric from the other side in the coming days, but here are the facts they should keep in mind. The current Democratic leader said the Senate is not a rubberstamp, and he noted that the Constitution does not require the Senate to give Presidential nominees a vote. That is the current Democratic leader. The incoming Democratic lead-er did not even wait until the final year of George W. Bush’s term to es-sentially tell the Senate not to con-sider any Supreme Court nominee the President sent. The Biden rule supports what the Senate is doing today, under-lining that what we are talking about is a principle and not a person. So here is our view. Instead of spend-ing more time debating an issue where we can’t agree, let’s keep working to address the issues where we can. We just passed critical bipartisan legisla-tion to help address the heroin and pre-scription opioid crisis in our country. Let’s build on that success. Let’s keep working together to get our economy moving again and to make our country safer, rather than endlessly debating an issue where we don’t agree. As we continue working on issues like these, the American people are perfectly ca-pable of having their say on this issue. So let’s give them a voice. Let’s let the American people decide. The Senate will appropriately revisit the matter when it considers the qualifications of the nominee the next President nomi-nates, whoever that might be. I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment with an amendment to S. 764, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, John Barrasso, Deb Fischer, Tom Cotton, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Crapo, Johnny Isakson, John Cornyn, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Richard Burr, James M. Inhofe, Jeff Flake, Tim Scott, Cory Gardner, Shelley Moore Capito. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 764, with amendment No. 3450, offered by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. SANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Are there any Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 48, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 37 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford McCain Moran Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Collins Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Rubio Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 48, the nays are 49. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I enter a motion to reconsider the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is entered. The Senator from Texas. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, as the world now knows, this morning President Obama nominated his choice to fill the vacant seat created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. In doing so, the President exercised his unquestioned authority under the Con-stitution to nominate somebody to this vacancy, but that same Constitution reserves to the U.S. Senate—and the U.S. Senate alone—the right to either grant or withhold consent to that nominee. It is the same Constitution. They can’t argue that the President somehow has an unquestioned right to see his nominee rubberstamped by the Senate and still show fidelity and honor to the same Constitution that gives him that authority to make that nomination. At this time, I reaffirm my commit-ment to share with other members of our conference that the President—this President—will not fill this vacancy. The Senate will not confirm this nomi-nee to this vacancy. In so doing, we will follow the same rule book that Democrats have advocated for in the past. It can’t be that one set of rules apply to a Democratic President and a second set of rules apply when there is a Republican President. This isn’t just about speculating what Democrats might do were the shoe on the other foot and we had a Republican President because they have told us what they would do—they have done this since 1992—and in many ways they have kept their promise. There is a lot at stake. Justice Scalia served for 30 years on the U.S. Supreme Court. The next Justice could well change the ideological makeup and the balance of the Supreme Court for a generation to come and fundamentally reshape America as we know it. At this critical juncture in our Na-tion’s history, and particularly with regard to the judiciary and the highest Court in the land, the American people deserve a chance to have a say in the selection of the next lifetime appoint-ment to the Supreme Court, and the only way to empower the American people and ensure they have that voice is for the next President to fill the nomination created by this vacancy. I have heard some people say that we had that election in 2012, when Presi-dent Obama was elected, but I would say that you are half right. We also had another election in 2014, where the American people gave Republicans a majority in the U.S. Senate because they saw what happened when this President didn’t have any checks and balances. We saw this during the begin-ning of his term of office when ObamaCare was passed by a purely par-tisan vote. We saw it when Dodd-Frank was passed—again, by an overwhelm-ingly bipartisan vote. So, in 2014, the American people said to President Obama: We want an effective check on Presidential power—and that is what the American people got. We can’t just look at the one side of the equation—the President’s author-ity under the Constitution—and the fact that the President was reelected in 2012. We have to look at what happened in 2014 and the constitutional preroga-tive of the U.S. Senate either to grant or to withhold the confirmation. 
OUR NATIONAL DEBT  
Madam President, later today the Ju-diciary Committee will be holding a hearing addressing America’s impend-ing fiscal crisis, including some poten-tial solutions to help reverse the unsustainable course we are on. I know we don’t hear very much about it here in Washington. This seems to be ‘‘peo-ple walking by the graveyard,’’ so to speak, regarding the fact that our na-tional debt hit $19 trillion for the first time ever. This means our debt climbed more than $1 trillion in a little over a year. In fact, this is a shocking sta-tistic that we will not read about in most of the mainstream media. The na-tional debt has roughly doubled— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.015 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1525 March 16, 2016 
roughly doubled—since President Obama took office a little over 7 years ago. The Congressional Budget Office projects that for the fiscal year 2016, spending will reach $3.9 trillion, an in-crease of $232 billion from the previous year. I know that when we are talking about trillions and billions of dollars, it boggles the imagination. Most of us can’t even conceive of numbers that large, but the fact is, when you borrow money, you have to pay it back at some point. Frankly, what I worry most about is that my generation is not going to be the one to repay the money we borrow. It is going to be the next generation. I know a lot of par-ents and grandparents worry about whether the American dream will still be alive and available to the next gen-eration and beyond. This is a huge moral lapse on the part of the current generation, to not pay our own debts and to not come up with a system or a framework by which to begin that process. Rather than addressing this problem head on, government spending is set to remain high over the coming decade, even with the discretionary spending caps and sequester put in place by the Budget Control Act. Inside the belt-way, people talk a lot about sequester and the Budget Control Act, but that is only 30 percent of Federal spending. Seventy percent of Federal spending is on autopilot, growing in some cases by a rate of 70 percent or more a year. Not addressing this is irresponsible, it is dangerous, and it also limits the choices available were our country to become embroiled in another fiscal cri-sis like we saw in 2008. If we ask our national security ex-perts—former Chairman of the Joint Chief of Staff ADM Mike Mullen said the No. 1 security threat to the United States was the debt. That shocked me a little bit when I heard him say that, but what he meant—and I know it to be true—is that more and more of the tax dollars the Federal Government re-ceives are going to be paid to the bond-holders who own that debt—the Chi-nese and other people around the world. We have to pay the interest on the debt if we are going to borrow the money, but more and more the spend-ing decisions will be taken out of the hands of the elected representatives of the American people and simply be left up to the accountants who say: OK. You have accrued this much debt. Here is the interest that needs to be paid on that debt to the bondholders, and there is not going to be enough money left over to protect the national security of the United States of America. We have already seen our military on a dangerous trajectory potentially leading to the smallest Army since World War II. We tried to deal with some of that just last fall to begin to reverse some of this because frankly this was no longer a matter of just cut-ting superficial cuts. These were into the muscle and the bone of what makes up our national security structure, and we know what happened too. Our friends on the other side said: If you want to spend more money to protect this country with national security spending, then we are going to demand dollar-for-dollar more spending on non-defense, discretionary spending. That is why we ended up with the deal we ended up with. I have found it very frustrating in my time in the Senate how many of our colleagues will talk about this issue, but I have to be honest, the ones who frustrate me the most are the ones who will not talk about it at all, to even acknowledge the fact. We need to have a conversation, and more than that we need to have a commitment and we need to have a goal when it comes to dealing with this national debt and runaway spending. Our Democratic friends apparently share the same philosophy as the cur-rent President to create a tax-and- spend agenda without considering the long-term ramifications to job cre-ation, the economy, not to mention our children and grandchildren. I am glad to say this side of the aisle has tried to do what I described earlier, which is to take a responsible position on embrac-ing a policy which would help us to pay down the debt, deal with this in a fis-cally responsible way, and allow us to get our books back in good order. We are going to take up this matter before the Senate Judiciary Committee today. We will be discussing reining in spending and making progress on the debt, including an amendment to the United States Constitution that would require a balanced budget. I can hear it now—because I have heard it before—some of our colleagues across the aisle saying: Heaven forbid. We can’t amend the Constitution. Well, we have done it 27 times. Now, we don’t do it willy-nilly. We don’t do it for small things, but for something like this, it may well be required. Frankly, this is one of the most important les-sons of economics that all of us who have children have tried to teach our children, which is you don’t spend money that you don’t have—well, I guess, unless you are the Federal Gov-ernment and you can print it or you can borrow it, but at some point the birds come home to roost. Of course, our commitment to com-monsense spending goes far beyond to-day’s hearing on the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Many will recall that folks on this side of the aisle highlighted gimmicks in the dis-cretionary budget process that only hide the real cost and don’t actually reduce spending. There are a lot of shell games that go on here in Wash-ington, DC. I am glad our budget amendment last year focused on bring-ing stunts like those to an end and placed a limit on their use in the ap-propriations process. Most recently, we used reconciliation through the budget process to keep our promise to vote to repeal ObamaCare— a law that has been burdening Amer-ican families and businesses with high-er taxes and mandates, while failing to contain premiums and financial losses on the exchanges. But instead of offer-ing solutions to our growing debt, many of our Democratic colleagues are content to sit back and criticize those of us who are trying to come up with a solution to address this problem: how to safeguard our Nation’s fiscal health. They argue that a balanced budget amendment isn’t feasible or that cer-tain government programs are so es-sential that we have to up their fund-ing at the expense of the taxpayer, or they act as if the debt isn’t a problem, or if it is a problem, that all they will do is raise taxes enough to try to bal-ance the budget. You can’t do that. You cannot raise taxes high enough on the American people to pay off $19 tril-lion in debt. Those aren’t solutions; those are talking points. They don’t help the American people make ends meet, and they don’t help the U.S. Gov-ernment live within its means. So I would like to ask, what are the Democratic solutions to our national debt? We are going to ask that ques-tion this afternoon. We are going to have some expert witnesses offer a number of suggestions. Then we are going to ask our friends across the aisle, what is your solution? I hope we hear more than just crickets or criti-cism that what we are proposing sim-ply will not work. I know my colleagues and I would welcome constructive input and seri-ous, good-faith proposals to stem the burgeoning national debt, but until then, our friends across the aisle need to do more than sit on their hands or just whistle past the graveyard of this impending national disaster. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ap-preciate the comments of my distin-guished colleague from Texas. As usual, he is right on and one of the great leaders on trying to balance the budget through a constitutional amendment. I personally appreciate his efforts and his expertise in doing that. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Madam President, on a different sub-ject, I rise today to speak about the need for the Senate to do its job re-garding the Supreme Court vacancy created by the untimely death of Jus-tice Antonin Scalia. The Constitution gives to the Presi-dent the power to nominate Supreme Court Justices, and President Obama has exercised that power by nomi-nating Judge Merrick Garland. The Constitution gives to the Senate the power of advice and consent, and it is time for the Senate to do its job. The sound bite ‘‘do your job’’ is catchy, quotable, and short enough to fit in very large letters on a large chart that Democratic Senators bring to this floor. Rarely, however, have so few words been so misleading for so many. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.019 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1526 March 16, 2016 
This cliche´begs but does not answer the most important question: What is the Senate’s job regarding the Scalia vacancy? When Democrats and their liberal allies say ‘‘Do your job,’’ they really mean ‘‘Do as we say now, not as we did then.’’ Saying that would be more honest, but then no one else would be persuaded by it. So they say that the Constitution provides the Sen-ate’s job description, requiring a prompt Judiciary Committee hearing and a timely floor vote. There may be a constitution somewhere that says such a thing, but it is certainly not in our Constitution—the Constitution of the United States—that each of us has sworn an oath to support and defend. In a way, I am not surprised that lib-erals would use a made-up, fictional constitution to pursue their political goal. After all, they favor judges who do the same thing. From the time he was a Senator serving in this body, President Obama has said that judges decide cases based on their personal empathy, core concerns, and vision of how the world works. My goodness. If that were the case, any philosopher could be a Supreme Court Justice. He has nominated men and women who be-lieve that judges may change the Con-stitution’s meaning based on things such as cultural understandings and evolving social norms. Give me a break. The kinds of judges liberals favor see unwritten things in our written Con-stitution. They discover things be-tween the lines of our written charter that come not from those who drafted and ratified the Constitution, not from the American people, but from the judges’ own imaginations. If the Constitution we have—the one our fellow citizens can read—suits them, then activist judges will use it. If not, then activist judges will make up a new constitution that is more use-ful to their purposes. America’s Found-ers fashioned a system of government with built-in limits, including a de-fined role for unelected judges. The Su-preme Court observed in the famous case of Marbury v. Madison that the Constitution is written down so that these limits will be neither mistaken nor forgotten and is intended to govern courts as much as legislatures. The ac-tivist judges whom liberals favor reject those limits. They look at written law such as the Constitution and statutes merely as a starting point, as words without any real meaning. Their oath to support and defend the Constitution is really an oath to support and defend themselves, since in the long run their constitution is one of their own mak-ing. So I am hardly surprised that today Democrats and their leftwing allies turn to a fictional constitution when telling the Senate to do its job. That constitution, however, simply does not exist. The real Constitution leaves to the President and to the Senate the de-cision about how to exercise their re-spective powers in the appointment process. What is the Senate’s job regarding the Scalia vacancy? The Senate’s job is to determine the best way to exercise its advice and consent power under the circumstances we face today. Thank-fully, we are not without guidance in deciding the best way to exercise our advice and consent power regarding the Scalia vacancy. We can, for example, look at precedent. It hardly takes a law degree to know that a precedent is more legitimate if it is more similar to the situation be-fore us. Comparing apples and apples is more helpful than, say, comparing ap-ples and rocks. That is just a matter of common sense. Candidly, the fictional claims offered in recent days suggest that some of the lawyers among us could benefit from even more common sense. Over the years, the Senate has considered nomi-nations in different ways at different times, depending on the circumstances. Consider these precedents with great bearing on the current circumstances: The Senate has never confirmed a nominee to a Supreme Court vacancy that opened up this late in a term-lim-ited President’s time in office. This is only the third vacancy in nearly a cen-tury to occur after the American peo-ple had already started voting in a Presidential election, and in the pre-vious two instances—in 1956 and 1968— the Senate did not confirm a nominee until the following year. And the only time the Senate has ever confirmed a nominee to fill a Supreme Court va-cancy created after voting began in a Presidential election year was in 1916, and that vacancy arose only because Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes re-signed his seat on the Court to run against incumbent President Woodrow Wilson. There is also another precedent that has received little attention but is worth considering. President John Quincy Adams nominated John Crittenden to the Supreme Court in December 1828, after Andrew Jackson won the Presidential election. The Sen-ate, by voice vote, rejected an amend-ment to a resolution regarding the Crittenden nomination that asserted it is the duty of the Senate to confirm or reject a President’s nominees. In one of its reports on the confirmation process, the Congressional Research Service discussed this vote and concluded: ‘‘By this action, the early Senate declined to endorse the principle that proper practice required it to consider and proceed to a final vote on every nomi-nation.’’ I believe the precedents, such as they are, support the principle that the Sen-ate must decide for itself how to exer-cise its power of advice and consent in each situation. We have another source of guidance for how to exercise the advice and con-sent power in the particular cir-cumstances of the Scalia vacancy. In 1992—another Presidential election year during divided government—then- Judiciary Committee Chairman J
OSEPH  BIDEN, now our Vice President, ad-dressed this very issue. Senator B
IDEN recommended that if a Supreme Court vacancy occurred that year, the entire appointment process—both nomination and confirmation—should be deferred until the election season was over. Here is what he said in a lengthy inter-view with the Washington Post: 
If someone steps down, I would highly rec-ommend the president not name someone, not send a name up. If [the president] did send someone up, I would ask the Senate to seriously consider not having a hearing on that nominee. 
Chairman B IDEN also explained the reasons for this recommendation. He said, for example, that an election-year nominee would be caught up in a ‘‘power struggle’’ over control of the Supreme Court. He was prescient. In that interview, Chairman B
IDEN also said: 
Can you imagine dropping a nominee, after the . . . decisions that are about to be made by the Supreme Court, into that fight, into that cauldron in the middle of a presidential year? . . . The environment within which such a hearing would be held would be so su-percharged and so prone to be able to be dis-torted. 
A week later, Chairman B IDEN ad-dressed the Senate about the confirma-tion process and further explained his recommendation for deferring the ap-pointment process should a Supreme Court vacancy occur. He repeated his recommendation regarding how to han-dle a Supreme Court nomination occur-ring that year. Let me refer to this chart and read it: 
President Bush should consider following the practice of a majority of his predecessors and not—and not—name a nominee until after the November election is completed. . . . [I]f the President . . . presses an elec-tion-year nomination, the Senate Judiciary Committee should seriously consider not scheduling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the political cam-paign season is over. 
Chairman B IDEN again explained the reasons for this recommendation. The confirmation process had degraded in the wake of controversial nominations, and the Presidential campaign that year looked to be particularly bitter. As a result, he said, partisan bickering and political posturing would over-whelm the serious evaluation required. In addition, the Presidential election season was already well underway, and different parties controlled the nomi-nation and confirmation phases of the appointment process. Chairman B
IDEN could have been talking about 2016 instead of 1992. In fact, each of the factors leading to his recommendation for deferring the ap-pointment process in 1992 exists in the same or greater measure today. Not a single Democrat objected to Chairman B
IDEN’s recommendation to defer the appointment process. Not one. Not one Democrat. If what Demo-crats say today is true—that the Con-stitution requires a prompt hearing and a timely floor vote for every nomi-nation—surely someone, anyone would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.021 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1527 March 16, 2016 
have said so in 1992. Not so. My col-leagues will search the 1992 C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD in vain for the slogan ‘‘do your job.’’ It appears that a dif-ferent Constitution was in force in 1992 because no Democratic Senator or left-ist organization insisted that the Con-stitution required a prompt hearing and timely floor vote. No one claimed that the Senate would be shirking its constitutional duty by following Chair-man B
IDEN’s recommendation. The first step in exercising our power of advice and consent regarding the Scalia vacancy then is to decide how best to do so in the circumstances we face today. Precedent generally, and guidance from past Senate leaders spe-cifically, counsel strongly in favor of deferring the confirmation process until after the Presidential election season is over. That is clearly the best course for the Senate, the judiciary, and, of course, the Nation. That con-clusion is reinforced by another impor-tant factor: Elections have con-sequences. Democrats and their left-wing allies also use that axiom but want people to believe that 2012 was the only election relevant to the Scalia vacancy. They want people to believe that because President Obama was re-elected in 2012, he should be able to ap-point whomever, whenever, and how-ever he likes. That idea must appear in another provision of the Democrats’ fictional constitution because, once again, the real one says no such thing. The 2012 election did give the Presi-dent the power to nominate, and he can exercise that power however he chooses until his final minutes in office next January, and I will uphold that right. He has exercised that power by nomi-nating Judge Merrick Garland. The 2012 election, however, was not the only one with consequences. The 2014 election, for example, had tremen-dous significance for the Senate’s power of advice and consent. The American people gave control of the Senate, and therefore control of the confirmation process, to Republicans. Here, too, we may find some guidance from our friends on the left in address-ing this circumstance. President Ron-ald Reagan nominated Judge Robert Bork to the Supreme Court in 1987. This was 3 years after his reelection and a year after the Senate majority changed hands. Here is how the New York Times ad-dressed the argument that elections have consequences: 
The President’s supporters insist vehe-mently that, having won the 1984 election, he has every right to try to change the Court’s direction. Yes, but the Democrats won the 1986 election, regaining control of the Sen-ate, and they have every right to resist. 
The same circumstances obviously exist today. By the way, no one should waste time wondering if the New York Times has applied the same principle today. It, of course, hasn’t. In addition to 2012 and 2014, the 2016 election will have tremendous con-sequences for the American people and the courts. It will give the American people a unique opportunity to express their opinion about the direction of the courts by electing the President who nominates and the Senate that gives advice and consent. Republicans and Democrats, conservatives and liberals, have very different views about the kind of judge that America needs. Jus-tice Scalia represented a defined, mod-est approach to judging while, as I mentioned earlier, President Obama has advocated an expansive and activ-ist approach. I have served on the Judiciary Com-mittee longer than all but one Senator since the committee was created 200 years ago. One thing is clear to me: The conflict over judicial appoint-ments is a conflict over judicial power. The two models of judicial power or ju-dicial job descriptions that I have de-scribed have radically different con-sequences and implications for our Na-tion and our liberty. The American people have expressed increasing concern about the Supreme Court’s direction since President Obama was elected. Most Americans, for example, believe that Supreme Court Justices decide cases based on their personal views and object to their doing so. With Justice Scalia’s un-timely passing, the American people now have a unique opportunity to have a voice in charting a path forward. I cannot conclude today without ad-dressing what is widely understood to be part of the President’s strategy in nominating Judge Garland to the Scalia vacancy. The Senate confirmed Judge Garland to the U.S. Court of Ap-peals by a vote of 76 to 23 in 1997. This, I take it, is supposed to suggest that the Senate should do likewise regard-ing Judge Garland’s nomination to the Supreme Court. So there is no mistake, I will say this as clearly as I can: The confirmation process regarding the Scalia vacancy will be deferred until after the election season is over for the reasons I have ex-plained. That decision has nothing whatsoever to do with the identity of the nominee, and Republicans made our decision known weeks ago, before the President had chosen anyone. I think highly of Judge Garland. But his nomination doesn’t in any way change current circumstances. I re-main convinced that the best way for the Senate to do its job is to conduct the confirmation process after this toxic Presidential election season is over. Doing so is the only way to en-sure fairness to the nominee and pre-serve the integrity of the Supreme Court. I also want to emphasize that the considerations relevant to an individ-ual’s nomination to one position do not necessarily lead to the same conclusion regarding his nomination to another position, especially the Supreme Court. Here, too, I want my colleagues to be aware of guidance we can draw on from the past. In 1990, then-Chairman J
OSEPH BIDEN presided over the hearing on the nomi-nation of Clarence Thomas to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. He said: ‘‘[T]here is a fundamental dis-tinction between what is required of and should be sought of a circuit court judge and a district court judge and a Supreme Court Justice.’’ He was right then, and he is right today. Democratic Senators made the same point in 2005 when they sought to dis-tinguish their earlier support for John Roberts’ appeals court nomination from their intention to oppose his Su-preme Court nomination. Mr. SCHUMER , our distinguished Senator from New York, for example, called it a whole new ball game. He said, ‘‘you’ve got to start from scratch.’’ Senator L
EAHY  agreed, saying that the Supreme Court is different from the lower courts. I couldn’t agree more. Add this to the list of standards that my Democratic colleagues have reversed now that the partisan shoe is on the other foot. Sen-ate Republicans have explained repeat-edly and in detail why the best way to exercise our advice-and-consent power in this situation is to defer the con-firmation process. That conclusion is completely unrelated to whether the President chooses a nominee, or if he does so, who that nominee is. President Obama could have followed Vice President B
IDEN’s 1992 advice and deferred a nomination to fill the Scalia vacancy. He chose not to do so. For the reasons I have discussed—precedent, past guidance, and the consequences of elections—the Senate should follow that advice and defer the confirmation process for the good of the Senate, the Judiciary, and the American people. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court in light of Presi-dent Obama’s announcement that he has nominated Chief Judge Merrick Garland to replace Justice Scalia. Replacing Justice Antonin Scalia, who was one of our Nation’s strongest defenders of our Constitution, will be difficult. For almost 30 years, with his brilliant legal mind and animated character, he fiercely fought against judicial activism from the bench. He will be greatly missed by not only his family and loved ones but by all Ameri-cans who shared his core conservative values and beliefs. Under the Constitution, the Presi-dent shall nominate a replacement, as he did today, and the Senate has a con-stitutional role of advice and consent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.022 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1528 March 16, 2016 
This is a constitutional responsibility that I take very seriously. The decisions the Supreme Court makes often have long-lasting rami-fications that—with one-vote mar-gins—can dramatically alter the course of our country. At a time when the cur-rent administration has stretched the limits of the law and attempted to cir-cumvent Congress and the Federal court system, choosing the right can-didate with the aptitude for this life-time appointment is as important as ever. I have determined that my bench-mark for the next Supreme Court Jus-tice will be Justice Scalia himself. Scalia’s strict interpretation of the Constitution and deference to States’ rights set a gold standard by which his replacement should be measured. As we all know, every Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee sent a letter to Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL expressing their firm belief that the people of the United States deserve to have a voice in determining the next Supreme Court Justice. In their letter, they wrote: 
Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution is clear. The President may nominate judges of the Supreme Court. But the power to grant— or withhold—consent to such nominees rests exclusively with the United States Senate. 
As a result, the committee does not plan on holding any hearings related to this issue until after a new President has taken office. This decision will allow the American people to have a voice in the next Supreme Court Jus-tice based upon who they elect as the President this November. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have argued that the Amer-ican people did have a voice when they elected President Obama in 2012, but that election was nearly 3
1⁄2years ago. Since that time, a lot has changed in our country, signaling a shift in Amer-ica’s views of our President and his philosophy of government. We don’t need to look any further than the 2014 elections for proof. In the 2014 elec-tions, the Senate switched from Demo-cratic-controlled to Republican-con-trolled. In fact, I am one of those Re-publican Senators who replaced a Dem-ocrat in the last election. Many of us who ran were not supporting the Presi-dent’s policies. In fact, we ran because we wanted to change the direction the President was moving our country. At the State level, in 2012, the last time President Obama was elected, there were 29 Republican Governors and 20 Democratic Governors. In 2014, the number of Republican Governors rose from 29 to 31, while the number of Democratic Governors decreased from 20 to 18. We saw similar results in State legislative races across the coun-try. In 2012, Republicans held a majority in both chambers of 26 State legisla-tures. In 2014, that number rose to 30. And if we take into account the con-servative-leaning but officially non-partisan legislature of Nebraska, that number jumps even higher—to 31. In 2012, Democrats held the majority of both chambers in 15 States. In 2014, that number was reduced to 11. So in the years since the President’s last election, Republicans not only held a strong majority in the House of Representatives, but they took back control of the Senate and increased their numbers at the State level as well. There is no doubt that there has been a clear shift in the minds of the Amer-ican people since President Obama’s last election. I believe, just as many of my col-leagues do, that the Republican vic-tories of 2014 should be taken into con-sideration and, therefore, we should wait to confirm the next Supreme Court Justice until after a new Presi-dent takes office. Overwhelmingly, South Dakotans who have contacted my office agree with this decision. One gentleman from Lemmon, SD, wrote to me saying: ‘‘Our country hangs in the balance as to what the fu-ture of this great country will look like. . . . This decision is too crucial and the next Supreme Court nominee should be nominated by the next Presi-dent of the United States.’’ Another South Dakotan from Bran-don noted: ‘‘This is a rare opportunity for the American voter to actually have a voice in how the Court will be structured for many years to come. Please help preserve that opportunity for us all.’’ In another example, a woman from Estelline wrote saying: ‘‘Hearing of the passing of Justice Scalia was heart-breaking news. I ask that you do your part to allow the people to have a say in who the next Justice of the Supreme Court will be.’’ These are just a few examples of the numerous South Dakotans who have contacted my office who agree that the American people have a voice in the di-rection our country will take in the decades to come. As much as my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle would like to see the Senate confirm a nominee from our current President, the reality is that when the tables are turned, they agree with our position. In fact, it was Vice President J
OEBIDEN who, when he served as the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said on this very floor in 1992: ‘‘It is my view that if a President goes the way of Presidents Fillmore and Johnson and presses for an election-year nomina-tion, the Senate Judiciary Committee should seriously consider not sched-uling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the political campaign season is over.’’ It was minority leader H
ARRY REID who said in 2005: ‘‘The duties of the United States Senate are set forth in the Constitution of the United States. Nowhere in that document does it say the Senate has a duty to give presi-dential nominees a vote.’’ And the Senate Democrats’ next leader, Senator S
CHUMER , said in 2007, close to 2 years before President Bush’s term ended: ‘‘We should not confirm any Bush nominee to the Supreme Court except in extraordinary cir-cumstances.’’ Whoever is confirmed to fill the open seat on the Supreme Court will be serv-ing a lifetime appointment. Keeping in mind the current political makeup of the Court, the man or woman who will replace Justice Scalia has the poten-tial to hold incredible influence over the ideological direction of the Court for a generation to come. It is critically important that the next Justice be committed to uphold-ing the principles of the Constitution. We owe it to Justice Scalia, our judi-cial system, and the Constitution to uphold the highest standards when de-termining our next Supreme Court Jus-tice. We also owe it to the American people to make certain that their voice is heard in this election. For these reasons, I agree with my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee and in the Senate leadership that we should not hold hearings on a Supreme Court nominee until after our new President takes office. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SCOTT). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I am once again on the floor for my 37th edition of ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ speech, where I disclose wasteful spending, fraud, and abuse of taxpayers’ dollars. It seems it is never ending because after 37 weeks I feel as if I am just scratching the sur-face. Last week, as some will remember, I talked about how the National Science Foundation spent $331,000 of hard- earned tax dollars by giving a grant to researchers to study whether or not being ‘‘hangry’’ is a real thing. Most people have not heard about the word ‘‘hangry.’’ Last week I suppose people ran to the dictionary to see what the description was. ‘‘Hangry’’—I think among the younger people—means that you are both hungry and angry, and you are angrier than you normally would be in a situation because you are hungry. I wasn’t hungry last week when I was talking about ‘‘hangry,’’ but I was angry. I was angry over the fact that $331,000 of taxpayers’ money was being used to offer a grant from the National Science Foundation to study whether this exists. They came up with this crazy situation of giving voodoo dolls to husbands and wives. Every time a husband was angry with his wife, he would take a pin and stick it into the voodoo doll or if she was angry with him, she would take a pin and stick it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.024 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1529 March 16, 2016 
into the voodoo doll. I don’t know who ended up with the most pins. Probably the wife had more pins in the voodoo doll than the husband did. Nonetheless, then a glucose test was taken to see if they were actually a little short on glucose in the bloodstream, meaning they were hungry. Well, the conclusion was that, yes, if you were hungry, you tended to be a little more on edge, a little more testy. That might have been a fun study to be engaged in just for laughs, but this was paid for with taxpayer dollars. This was a grant issued by the National Science Foundation. We tell people about the National Science Founda-tion, and they must think, oh, that is probably one of the better government agencies. So that was last week, and I wasn’t sure that anything could top last week. Because I was quoted as saying—who could make up stuff like this? Do peo-ple sit around and say: Let’s see if we can get a grant to do some kind of re-search project that is nothing but crazy? The amazing thing is someone over at the National Science Founda-tion looked at this study and thought: Hey, this is a good idea. Let’s give them a $331,000 grant. And so we added it to the chart. Now we are here this week, and I want to talk about something that is maybe even scarier than sticking pins in voodoo dolls, and it is called the Master Death File. This is not the name of a new novel on the New York Time’s best seller list. This is not the name of a new movie coming out. The Master Death File is something, folks, you don’t want to be on. The Federal Government, by law— the Social Security Administration— has to maintain the Master Death File. Obviously, those of us on Social Secu-rity or who are of Social Security age don’t want to see our name on that list. If your name is on that list, you are no longer eligible for Social Secu-rity payments because it is a death list; you have died. So as sinister as it sounds, it is prob-ably necessary that we do this—that we have at least some list that lets the Social Security Administration know that it is time to stop sending Social Security checks to dead people. The beneficiary or the recipient has died, and, therefore, procedures are made so that the next check doesn’t keep roll-ing out and rolling out and rolling out. A lot of us here in the Senate get on different kinds of lists—voter records, awards for standing up for certain issues and policies that people re-spect—and I have found myself on a number of those. One list I don’t want to be on, but know that as a human being I am sort of careening toward, is the Master Death File. So we thought, well, let’s dig into this and see how it works. So we went to the Government Accountability Office and said: What about this Master Death File? So we did some investigation on that. Out of that investigation came an ex-ample of one agency the General Ac-countability Office had examined, and it is the U.S. Department of Agri-culture. The Department of Agri-culture sends out checks—payments for conservation, disaster relief and crop subsidies. Well, we found that be-tween 2008 and 2012, $27.6 million in payments for conservation, disaster re-lief, and crop subsidies were made to people who had died. What is more dis-turbing is that many of those recipi-ents had been dead for more than 2 years. This is just one department out of all the hundreds of Federal agencies that issue checks for all kinds of different purposes. So it is important to have a Master Death File because what we want these agencies to do—in fact, they are obligated to do under the law—is to check the master death list to make sure the checks aren’t going to people who are on that list. Obviously, with this one agency—the Department of Agriculture—one of two things happened: Either names did not get on that list, or names were on the list, but they didn’t check it. Either way, there is a responsibility here for the Federal Government in handling taxpayer dollars to make sure that for those who are deceased, their names get on the Master Death File—as scary as that is—and/or, if they are on the list, they do not receive the payments. In this digital age, it shouldn’t be too hard to keep that Master Death File updated. Every State has records that have to be kept—sent by the coroner or authorized by the hospital or whatever. There are a number of sources of find-ing out. Particularly in the digital age, it is pretty easy to enter a name when you get the certificate of death. You enter the name, it goes onto the mas-ter death list, and it ought to be rel-atively easy for agencies sending out checks to coordinate with that by ei-ther pushing a button or going into an app or whatever and finding out that John Jones or Bill Smith still qualifies for his Social Security payments. That check ought to be pretty automatic. Unfortunately, it isn’t, particularly when you find people have been receiv-ing these checks even 2 years after they have died. So something is amiss here. It is not like in the old days, where you probably had to call Farmer Bob out in rural America and say: Do you know if Farmer Joe down the road is still living? Have you seen him in town lately? What is happening? Did you go to the funeral? We don’t have to do all that anymore. This stuff is all digitized and all very accessible. So here we are with the Social Secu-rity Administration needing to do what it needs to do to make sure that list is kept up-to-date. And, as I say, none of us are anxious to get on that list. I see all the young pages down here think-ing: I have a long time to go. They are looking at this aging Senator thinking: You are a lot closer to that list than we are. I hope they are not thinking that. Some of them are smiling. None-theless, the agencies that are issuing the checks also have to do their job be-cause, in a serious way, this is taking money from hard-working taxpayers. It is hard-earned money taken from those who have to pay the bills at the end of the week, who have to cover their mortgage and provide for the education of their children and who have to buy food at the grocery store and gas at the gas pump. People are scraping by, and when they see this kind of thing or hear about this kind of thing, they are outraged. We are seeing this being played out in the nomination process on both sides—the Republicans and the Demo-crats. People are frustrated with the inefficiency and the ineffectiveness of the Federal Government in the use of their tax dollars. So I am here to illus-trate that—not to spur continued anger and outrage but to get people seriously focused on the fact their dollars are not being wisely spent. They need to call their Congressmen and Senators, and they need to say: You need to do a better job of managing our money we are sending you to protect this Nation, to provide for roads, bridges, health care, and so forth. There are some essential things gov-ernment needs to do, but surely it doesn’t need to put out $331,000 for a ‘‘hanger’’ study with voodoo dolls, and it doesn’t need to waste $27.6 million of checks going to people who are de-ceased and who are no longer eligible for receiving that. So we continue to add money to our total—another $27.6 million to our $157,619,142,953. These numbers get up there. So we are at $157,619,142,953, and we will be back next week with the next edition of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I thank the Chair. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
METHANE EMISSIONS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last week the Prime Minister of Canada came for a visit. President Obama used that opportunity to take yet another cheap shot at American energy pro-ducers. The administration has made a deal with Canada to cut methane emis-sions from oil and gas production fa-cilities. They want tough new restrictions to cut emissions almost in half over the next decade. The very same day, the Environmental Protection Agency said that it plans to come up with more reg-ulations for methane. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.025 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1530 March 16, 2016 
The Obama administration is already trying to limit the methane that gets released from new oil and gas wells as they get put into production. Now the administration wants to go back and impose those limits on existing wells— ones that were built to actually com-ply with the current rules on the books. Here is what I find most interesting about this. This was an official state visit by a foreign leader to the United States. It was the first trip for the new Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau. So President Obama decided that the most important thing the two countries could talk about was meth-ane—not Syria, not trying to stop rad-ical Islamist terrorists, not dealing with ISIS, not the hostile regimes of North Korea, Iran, or Russia, not what we could do to actually help our econo-mies grow—no. Instead, President Obama chose to focus on methane. Why is President Obama so fixated on this? Let me tell you. The President is bitter—bitter that the Supreme Court is blocking his Clean Power Plan. He is pouting and he is pan-dering. He has gone after coal, he has gone after oil, and now he is going after natural gas. It is a vendetta against American energy producers. The President and other Democrats are pandering to radical environmental extremists and to their billionaire do-nors. We all want to make sure that we have a clean environment. My goal is to make American energy as clean as we can, as fast as we can, and to do it in ways that don’t raise costs for American families. That is why the people I talk with in Wyoming believe that this new regulation is the wrong approach. My local newspaper, the Casper Star Tribune, had a front-page article about it on Friday. The headline was this: ‘‘Cuts to methane emissions proposed.’’ The article quotes John Robitaille. He is from the Petroleum Association of Wyoming. He says the Environmental Protection Agency ‘‘has failed to rec-ognize the economic burden placed on replacing equipment on existing wells as opposed to new wells’’—ones that are still to be built. John Robitaille may say ‘‘failed to recognize.’’ I say the administration deliberately refuses to recognize—re-fuses. For Washington to come in and demand expensive new equipment for all of these oil and gas wells would be a huge cost. It would drive up prices for consumers, and it would mean that some of these wells wouldn’t be eco-nomically worthwhile anymore. The oil and gas would stay in the ground where it does nothing to help power our econ-omy or power our country. States are already doing their part. States are trying to limit methane leaks where they find a problem. Colo-rado has a leak detection and repair program that will help keep ozone and methane from escaping. Wyoming, my home State, is looking for ways to get more up-to-date equipment on new wells as they get going. So the States are already taking the lead, and they are already coming up with solutions where they are needed. This is not a one-size-fits-all regula-tion coming from unelected, unac-countable Washington bureaucrats. But that is what we are having to deal with now in this administration. What we prefer are State solutions. What I just described are State solu-tions that strike a commonsense bal-ance between a strong economy and a very healthy environment. It is not just the States that are taking action. Oil and gas producers also want to re-duce how much methane escapes from these wells. When you think about it, producers would prefer to capture that gas and then to sell it so it can be used. That is why the industry reduced methane emissions by 13 percent between 2008 and 2013. Over the same years, U.S. shale gas production grew by 400 per-cent. So the industry actually cut emissions even while gas production went way up. This happened because of the action that the producers in the States have already been taking, not because of more regulations coming out of Washington, DC. Energy pro-ducers need the flexibility to tackle these emissions when and how it makes sense. There are already too many rules on the books. The Bureau of Land Man-agement has another methane rule in the works. More duplicative regula-tions will just raise costs for Ameri-cans at a time when our economy is weak and emissions actually are al-ready dropping. This new redtape could add hundreds of millions of dollars every year onto the cost of producing American red, white, and blue energy. If the Obama administration really wants to reduce emissions from oil and gas wells, it should help the industry to capture this gas and to use it. This was the subject of bipartisan legislation that Senator H
EIDI H
EITKAMP of North Dakota and I of-fered last month. It was an amendment to the energy legislation. Our bipar-tisan amendment would have expedited the permit process for natural gas gathering lines—the lines that gather this gas on the Federal land, on Indian land and then help take it to market. Gas gathering lines are essentially pipelines that collect unprocessed gas from oil and gas wells and then ship it to a processing plant. At the plant, dif-ferent kinds of gases—methane, pro-pane—are separated from one another. They are then shipped out again to lo-cations where they can be sold and used by people. That is what the producers want to do. The problem is that we don’t have enough of these pipelines now to gather up the gas and to send it to the proc-essing plants. A lot of times there is only one option if you don’t have the gathering lines, and that is to flare or vent the excess natural gas at the well. If there were more gathering lines, we would have a lot less waste of energy. We would have a lot less of these meth-ane emissions that President Obama claims to be so worried about. So Sen-ator HEITKAMP and I offered a better way to deal with the problem, and 43 Democrats here in the Senate blocked our amendment. At a hearing of the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee last month, I actually asked Interior Secretary Jewell about the idea. Even she had to concede that speeding up the permits was something that they should be looking into. This doesn’t have to be a fight. We all agree there is too much of this gas that has been vented or burned off at the oil and gas wells. Republicans know it. Democrats know it. Energy producers know it. So why can’t we agree to let the industry build the gathering lines to help them capture the gas where it makes sense and how it makes sense? Why do we need more Washington regulations that impose higher costs? America’s energy producers have in-creased production while reducing emissions. They have provided what may be the only bright spot in our economy over the past 7 years. We should be doing all that we can to help and to encourage them. We should be looking for voluntary, cost-effective ways to make sure that we can make American energy as clean as we can and as fast as we can without raising costs on American families. The Obama administration is going in the wrong direction. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO KYLE RUCKERT  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise today to honor my longest serving staff member, my chief of staff, campaign manager, and close friend Kyle Ruckert, who is departing the Senate at the end of this week to start an ex-citing new career. Kyle was one of my very first hires when I was first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1999. He started as my legislative direc-tor in the House under the wonderful tutelage of my first chief of staff, Marty Driesler. And I know Kyle and I are both indebted to Marty, who is now unfortunately deceased, for getting us started on a wonderful footing in Con-gress. Then Kyle became my chief of staff upon Marty’s retirement in 2002. I guess I would sum up the bottom line in a very simple but important way: There has not been one moment during these 17 years when I have re-gretted placing my complete trust in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.027 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1531 March 16, 2016 
Kyle to lead our office and serve the people of Louisiana—not one. From day one, Kyle set the office standard of service to constituents and set it as a top priority. He established offices throughout the State. One of his most memorable decisions instituted a mo-bile office on wheels so that we could reach out to those hit hard by Hurri-canes Gustav and Ike in 2008—folks who could not otherwise reach our per-manent offices. I say ‘‘memorable’’ be-cause for the staffers who actually had to man and woman that vehicle, it was an adventurous ride. Of course, Kyle’s leadership style and commitment to service comes from his wonderful parents, and I take a mo-ment to thank his parents, John and Ellen Ruckert, who are with us in the Gallery and whom I have also come to know and respect. I also think a big part of Kyle’s com-mitment to serve others comes from his time at Jesuit High School in New Orleans, where the motto is ‘‘Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam’’—‘‘For the Greater Glory of God’’—and where all students are expected to accept the challenge of becoming a ‘‘man for oth-ers’’ as part of the Ignatius tradition. Kyle is probably one of the best ambas-sadors for Jesuits, and he even played a role in my son Jack going there. Go, Blue Jays. In 2004, Kyle moved down to Lou-isiana to manage my first Senate cam-paign. He quickly earned the respect of national political prognosticators on the campaign side who quite frankly belittled our chances from the begin-ning. Kyle reacted to the conventional wisdom that we couldn’t win a runoff against our so-called moderate Demo-cratic opponent in a pretty straight-forward way: He simply made sure we got more than 50 percent of the vote in the open primary, so we never went to a runoff. Problem solved. Kyle’s dis-cipline and strategic thinking are largely to thank for that win, and after that he immediately returned to man-age our Senate office as chief of staff. Unfortunately, our first major test in the Senate was a tragic one. In 2005, Hurricane Katrina devastated Lou-isiana and was followed very shortly by Hurricane Rita. Constituent service, always a top priority, took on an even greater urgency and seriousness, and Kyle led our team to help, console, and serve all ‘‘For the Greater Glory of God,’’ acting as a ‘‘man for others.’’ Kyle led our staff managing an effec-tive operation, first and foremost, as-sisting constituents on the ground, and in Congress, helping to put together emergency assistance legislation, mak-ing sure people in real need received what they absolutely needed. This was one of the most chaotic times for all of us from Louisiana, but Kyle was al-ways calm and methodical, always steering the ship with a steady hand. Kyle’s leadership is contagious. His expectations are very high—be at work, get it over 100 percent, and get the job done. If that means working at night and on weekends, he would ex-pect that out of everyone on the team and, unlike some other so-called lead-ers, he would be right there leading the way in that regard. Our staff has be-come stronger because of that leader-ship by example and that contagious work ethic. Besides his calm, disciplined, me-thodical leadership style, Kyle’s strongest attribute is his loyalty and trust he places in those he works with. He always encourages staff to take chances, to be bold in pushing new re-forms, in negotiating amendment votes, in pushing important stories with the press. When staff would run ideas by him and ask him what he thought, he would say: If you think it is the right thing to do, go for it. Just don’t—bleep—it up. His leadership was tested again on the campaign side in our 2010 reelec-tion race, where again the political commentators largely bet against us, and again Kyle made sure they were wrong in a big way. We won that race by 19 points. Since then I have had the real fortune of serving in leadership po-sitions in the Senate, as the ranking Republican in the EPW Committee in 2013 and 2014 and currently as chair of the Small Business Committee. Aside from our many legislative ac-complishments under Kyle’s leader-ship, what I am perhaps most proud of is the close-knit team we built to-gether. We call it Team Vitter, and those are more than just words in our office. We both look at our staff as an extension of our immediate families. Certainly my wife Wendy and our kids and I definitely think of Kyle and his family as part of ours. Kyle sets a gold standard for think-ing of staff as family—for treating them that way. Perhaps, in part, be-cause he married another one of my former staffers, Lynnel. Lynnel started working in my office on the House side early on in 2002. She worked there until 2004 and also joined that first winning Senate campaign. It is interesting, Kyle and Lynnel started dating se-cretly, not telling anyone in the of-fice—certainly not me. I think they were first discovered when my first chief of staff, Marty Driesler, got a call from her daughter who had witnessed them being weekend tourists in Phila-delphia together. Of course, I was still kept in the dark for months after that, even though Marty discovered their courtship. Lynnel, too, always stressed con-stituent service and is a brilliant polit-ical strategist. They truly were meant for each other in all sorts of ways. Lynnel has continued her extremely successful career, most recently serv-ing as chief of staff to House majority whip S
TEVE SCALISE . In 2005, Kyle and Lynnel got married, and since then our office has had three other couples from Team Vitter get married. Perhaps there is more to those late work nights than I had imagined originally. Kyle and Lynnel and their two kids, Jack, who is now 9, and Mary Kyle, who is now 6, are getting settled in Baton Rouge as part of a new, exciting chapter of their lives. It is going to be fun. We are going to miss them, but it is going to be fun to see this new chap-ter for Kyle and Lynnel and their fam-ily develop, especially when we get to see Kyle, as a New Orleans native and an avid Tulane Green Wave alumn, having to start wearing purple and gold around Baton Rouge at the urging of their son Jack. Who knows, maybe he will even de-velop a superstition before LSU games. Something a lot of folks don’t know about Kyle is he is incredibly super-stitious—knock on wood. He will de-tour his Monday morning drive in New Orleans to pass by the Superdome if the Saints won on Sunday. He will sip the same type of bourbon for good luck or wear his lucky green polo if we need a win in sports, politically, or anything in between. I will tell a quick story related to that about his green polo. On election day in 2004, Kyle was wearing a cam-paign T-shirt, but he wasn’t going to be able to go to the polls that way to vote and do some poll watching, so he asked around the office if he could borrow a different shirt. Mac Abrams, who is now DEANHELLER ’s chief of staff—and who was a key staff member in my of-fice in my campaign at the time— loaned him his green polo. Well, we won that race big, and Kyle hasn’t re-turned the green polo yet. He wears it every election day, although we are not sure if it is superstition or also because he is so darn cheap. While Kyle will now be living in Lou-isiana, his impact will remain strong in our work and our office and our cul-ture. He will be able to see it in legisla-tion which helps Louisiana and the country, in thousands and thousands of constituents whom he and our team ef-fectively reached out to, and in the great example he set for so many staff-ers and interns and others on our team. So let me end really where I began, by paying him the highest compliment possible, repeating that there hasn’t been one moment in these great 17 years where I regretted placing my complete trust in Kyle Ruckert to lead our team, to lead our office, to help lead us in serving the people of Lou-isiana—not one. Kyle, thank you for your service to Louisiana, for the countless hours you have spent helping me, for the fun memories and laughs we have shared, and most importantly for your friend-ship. You truly are part of my family. I have the greatest confidence that you will continue on ‘‘Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam’’—‘‘For the Greater Glory of God’’—truly a ‘‘man for others.’’ Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.028 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1532 March 16, 2016 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I may address the Senate as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona 
IMPRISONMENT OF NADIYA SAVCHENKO  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, it has been 2 years since Nadiya Savchenko, the first female military pilot in post- Soviet Ukraine and an Iraq war vet-eran, was abducted from Ukrainian ter-ritory by pro-Russian separatists and smuggled across the border to Russia where she faces false charges and ille-gal imprisonment. She is accused by Russia of having directed artillery fire that killed two Russian state television journalists in Eastern Ukraine in June of 2014 and then illegally crossing into Russian territory without proper paperwork. This is despite clear evidence provided by her lawyers that she was captured by separatists before this incident oc-curred and then hauled across the bor-der in handcuffs with a sack over her head. Following her capture, Nadiya has reportedly endured interrogations, soli-tary confinement, and was subjected to a psychiatric evaluation at the infa-mous Russian Serbsky Institute, where Soviet authorities were once known to torture political dissidents. Further media reports suggest that she is gravely ill and near death. There are international laws that govern treatment of prisoners of war, but Russia continues to deny it is fighting a war in Ukraine and is there-fore treating Nadiya as a common criminal. While there are also inter-national laws that govern the treat-ment of common criminals, Russia has shown as much regard for those laws as for Ukraine’s sovereignty or the rights of Russians such as Boris Nemtsov. This is a picture of Nadiya standing trial in a cage. From her prison cell in Russia, Nadiya said: 
If I am found guilty, I will not appeal. I want the entire democratic world to under-stand that Russia is a Third World country with a totalitarian regime and a petty ty-rant for a dictator and it spits on inter-national law and human rights. 
In her last appearance in court, Ms. Savchenko said: 
The trial proves the guilt of Russian au-thorities; they are to blame for seizing Ukrainian lands, capturing Crimea and starting a war in the Donbass region. They are to blame for trying to establish—through their foul undeclared wars all over the world—a totalitarian regime dominated by Russia. 
She ended her court appearance by saying: 
Russia will return me to Ukraine yet. Whether I am dead or alive, it will return me. 
Nadiya’s captivity represents just the latest example of Russia’s brazen aggression and disregard for the inde-pendence and territorial integrity of Ukraine. Last summer another brave Ukrain-ian and film director from Crimea, Oleg Sentsov, faced a similar fate. A Russian court sentenced Mr. Sentsov to 20 years in prison based on charges that he was planning a terrorist attack against Russian forces after the penin-sula was annexed by Russia. Despite strong evidence that Mr. Sentsov was innocent and despite international con-demnation of his case, he remains in a Russian prison serving out his 20-year sentence. As Mr. Sentsov said in re-marks following his sentence: ‘‘A court of occupiers can never be just.’’ Nadiya is just one of President Putin’s countless victims. Her show trial—a throwback to the Stalinist So-viet era—is intended not to establish innocence or guilt, but to punish dis-sent, evoke fear, and remind citizens of what happens to people who dare defy the former KGB officer, Vladimir Putin. Her trial illustrates just how far President Putin is willing to go to hu-miliate Ukraine for its pursuit of free-dom and punish Ukrainians for refus-ing to accept its illegal occupation. It is just one more way that Putin is try-ing to bully free peoples and free na-tions into submission. He is sending the message that anyone who dares to challenge him will end up in a cage just like her—or worse. Putin’s efforts are failing. The Ukrainian people have shown that they will not be intimidated, they will not be silenced, and they will not give into fear. They have shown that they will continue to fight for a free and demo-cratic future for Ukraine with or with-out the international support they need and deserve. One of the more shameful chapters in American history will be the fact that we still refuse to give Ukrainians de-fensive weapons with which to defend themselves. This President has made a lot of grievous errors, but it is out-rageous, as we watch Ukrainians slaughtered by Russian tanks, that we will not even give them the weapons to defend themselves. The Ukrainian Government has urged Moscow to release Nadiya in ac-cordance with the Minsk II agreement that provides for the release of all ille-gally held persons. International lead-ers have echoed this call, but her ille-gal imprisonment continues. It is time to move past meaningless condemna-tions and expressions of concern and respond to Putin’s shameful and bla-tant breach of international law by sanctioning—I emphasize sanctioning— those responsible for the kidnapping and illegal, unjust imprisonment of Ms. Savchenko, as well as the officials in-volved in the fabrication of false charges against her. A clear message must be sent to Mos-cow: Release Nadiya or face sanctions. Release her or face sanctions. The United States has a critical role to play in the preservation of freedom and democracy throughout the world, and it is a role that we suppress at our own peril. I know this is not a popular cause in the United States right now, but nothing will relieve us of the re-sponsibility to stand up for those whose fundamental human rights are being violated and to defend the values that America and our allies have sac-rificed so much to preserve. How we respond to each and every at-tempt by Putin to suppress democracy and freedom will have far-reaching re-percussions. The United States and the entire international community must respond to this latest outrage in a way that demonstrates the inevitability of the values which Nadiya so clearly rep-resents. Nadiya’s fight—and that of all Ukrainians who rose up peacefully against tyranny in their quest for free-dom—must also be the world’s fight. We must continue to show Putin that he cannot halt the march to freedom and democracy. The Ukrainian peo-ple—and the Russian people, too—de-serve no less. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CUBA  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, as the President prepares to go to Cuba, I rise in memory of all of those Cuban dissidents who have given their lives in the hope that Cuba one day would be free from the yoke of the Castro re-gime. It is that freedom I had hoped President Obama was referencing when he said: 
What I’ve said to the Cuban government is—if we’re seeing more progress in the lib-erty and freedom and possibilities of ordi-nary Cubans, I’d love to use a visit as a way of highlighting that progress. . . . If we’re going backwards, then there’s not much rea-son for me to be there. 
But that is obviously not the case, which is why the Boston Globe’s head-line on February 25 says it all: ‘‘Obama Breaks Pledge, Will Visit Cuba Despite Worsening Human Rights.’’ Instead of having the free world’s leader honor Latin America’s only dictatorship with a visit, he could have visited one of 150 countries that he has not visited, in-cluding several in Latin America that are democracies. The President has negotiated a deal with the Castros—and I understand his desire to make this his legacy issue— but there is still a fundamental issue of freedom and democracy at stake that goes to the underlying atmosphere in Cuba and whether or not the Cuban people will still be repressed and still be imprisoned or will they benefit from the President’s legacy or will it be the Castro regime that reaps those bene-fits? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.030 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1533 March 16, 2016 
Unless the Castros are compelled to change their dictatorship—the way they govern the island and the way they exploit its people—the answer to this won’t be much different than the last 50-some-odd years. The Castro re-gime will be the beneficiary. At the very least, the President’s first stops should be meetings with internationally recognized dissidents: U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom winner Dr. Oscar Elias Biscet and the European Union’s Sakharov prize re-cipients Guillermo Farinas and Rosa Maria Paya, in respect for her mur-dered father, Oswaldo Paya, who was leading the Varela Project, advocating for civil liberties, and collecting thou-sands of signatures petitioning the Cas-tro regime for democratic change—as permitted, by the way, under the Cuban Constitution. So threatening was his peaceful petition drive that he was assassinated by Castro security agents. The President should meet with Berta Soler at her home, in her neigh-borhood, with the Ladies in White, and with dissidents and democracy advo-cates in Havana. That should be the front-page photograph we see next week. Only then will the message that the United States will not give in or give up on our commitment to a free and democratic Cuba be clear to the world and to the Cuban people. To leave a truly honorable mark in history would mean the President leav-ing Castro’s cordoned-off tourist zone and seeking Berta Soler and her Ladies in White at their headquarters in the Lawton neighborhood of Havana, where poverty, Castro-style—not oppor-tunity, not freedom, not democracy but poverty created by a Stalinist state—is the umbrella under which they live. The President should witness their bravery, listen to their stories, feel their despair, see the fear under which they live, and stand up with them and for them. If he did, he could learn of the story of Aliuska Gomez, one of the Ladies in White, who was arrested this past Sunday for marching peacefully. Basically, the Ladies in White dress in white as a form of a symbol. They march with a gladiolus to church every Sunday in protest for their sons and husbands who are arrested simply for their political dissent, and they are beaten savagely—savagely. The President could learn of the story of Aliuska Gomez, one of the La-dies in White, who was arrested this past Sunday for marching peacefully. I am reading from an article in Diario de Cuba where she told her story: 
‘‘We were subjected to a lot of violence today,’’ said Aliuska Gomez. ‘‘Many of us were dragged and beaten,’’ she added, point-ing out that this has taken place only one week before President Obama’s visit. Aliuska related how she was taken to a po-lice station in Marianao where she was forc-ibly undressed by several uniformed officers in plain view of some males. . . . ’’After they had taken away all of my belongings,’’ she said, ‘‘they told me to strip naked, and I re-fused, so they threw me down on the floor and took off all of my clothing, right in front of two men, and they dragged me completely naked into a jail cell.’’ Aliuska was then handcuffed and thrown on the cell’s floor naked and left alone. Or how about the young Cuban dis-sident who met with Ben Rhodes and was arrested in Havana. This is from a report dated March 14: 
Yesterday the Castro regime arrested Car-los Amel Oliva, head of the youth wing of the Cuban Patriotic Union, a major dissident or-ganization. He is being accused of antisocial behavior. On Friday, Amel Oliva had partici-pated in a meeting in Miami with Ben Rhodes, President Obama’s Deputy National Security Advisor. He returned to Havana on Sunday. 
I guess that is what Raul Castro thinks and does to those who meet with the President’s Deputy National Security Advisor. Notwithstanding their true stories and the stories of thousands like them, the President first announced sweeping changes to America’s strategic ap-proach to the Castro regime in Decem-ber 2014. In broad strokes, we learned of the forthcoming reestablishment of diplomatic relations—an exchange of symbols, with the American flag flying over a U.S. Embassy in Havana and the Cuban flag flying over a Cuban Em-bassy in Washington. We learned about the process by which Cuba’s designa-tion as a state sponsor of terrorism would be lifted. We learned about the forthcoming transformative effects of a unilateral easing of sanctions to in-crease travel, commerce, and currency. But for those of us who understand this regime, we cautioned for nuance and urged against those broad strokes. We asked that the administration at least require the Castros to reciprocate with certain concessions of their own, which would be as good for U.S. na-tional interests as for the Cuban people and for U.S.-Cuba relations. For example, before the President ever traveled to Burma—a country with notorious human rights abuses and with which this administration began to engage—the United States first demanded and received action by the Burmese to address their human rights record. To be sure, the Burmese Government agreed to meet nearly a dozen benchmarks—a dozen bench-marks—as a part of this action-for-ac-tion engagement, including granting the Red Cross access to prisons, estab-lishing a U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights office, release of polit-ical prisoners, conclusion of a cease- fire in Kachin State, and ensuring international access to conflict areas. We asked, as the President’s Cuban policy unfolded, that they push for changes that put Cubans in control of their own future, their political proc-ess, economic opportunities, civil soci-ety, and governance. We didn’t get a single one. We asked for changes that would honor America’s legacy as a champion for human rights. We didn’t get those either. We suggested changes that would ul-timately bring Cuba into the commu-nity of nations, contributing to, rather than detracting from, the overall pros-perity of the hemisphere. And there were none. Most importantly, we asked that they remember that it is a lack of re-sources, not a change of heart, that slowed the Castros’ adventurism and instability-inducing support for those who would pose threats to our national interests within the Western Hemi-sphere. In essence, we were thinking strate-gically. Instead, we traded strategy for tactics. Leading Cuban human rights and democracy activists have criticized U.S. policies—those languishing inside of Cuba who risk their lives and their liberty every day. The simple truth is that deals with the Devil require the Devil to deal. Opening channels of communications controlled by the regime means noth-ing unless we are going to commu-nicate our values. It means nothing if we do not champion the material changes the Cuban people seek. It means nothing if we do not speak the language the Castros understand—that the Communist revolution has failed miserably and it is time to let the Cuban people decide their future. The Castros know it, but it is the an-tiquated hallmark of the revolution and the iron-fisted rule that came from it that keeps them in power. We talk about being in the past. Well, that is in the past, but no one challenges that past. Until that power is truly chal-lenged, we can expect to witness the further weakening of our leverage on behalf of democracy and human rights. In the meantime, the regime is al-ready moving forward, already breath-ing new life into its existing repressive state systems. Cubans are being beat-en, arrested, and otherwise muzzled at higher rates—higher rates—than ever before. The Cuban Commission for Human Rights, which is within Cuba, has documented 1,141 political arrests by the Castro regime in Cuba during the short month of February 2016. In January 2016 the commission docu-mented 1,447 political arrests. As such, these 2,588 political arrests in the first 2
1⁄2months of this year represent the highest tally to begin a year in dec-ades. This is what happens when Presi-dent Obama first announces he will not visit Cuba until there are tangible im-provements in the respect for human rights, and then he crosses his own red lines—nearly 2,600 arrests in 2
1⁄2 months, and these are only political ar-rests that have been thoroughly docu-mented. Many more are suspected. U.S. fugitives and members of foreign terrorist organizations, such as Joanne Chesimard, the convicted killer of New Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster, or Charlie Hill, who killed New Mexico State Trooper Robert Rosenbloom, still enjoy safe harbor on the island. Not a penny of the $6 billion in outstanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.033 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1534 March 16, 2016 
claims by American citizens and busi-nesses for properties confiscated by the Castros has been repaid. Unrelenting censorship and oppres-sion of Cuban journalists continues un-scathed, and the Cuban path to liberty doesn’t even include the U.S. Embassy. So what do we learn? We learn that, despite the Obama administration’s en-gagement with the Castro dictatorship and increased travel to the island, re-pression on the island is rising expo-nentially. Why? Because the Castro re-gime, one of the most astute observers of the American political system, is rushing to take advantage of the per-missive environment created by the President’s hunger for legacy and the relaxation of restrictions. But legacy is not more important than lives. For years we have heard how an im-provement in U.S.-Cuba relations, an easing of sanctions, and an increase in travel to the island would benefit the Cuban people—a benefit not realized despite the visits and investments of millions of Europeans, Canadians, Mexicans, and South Americans. There is not one iota of better life or greater democracy for the Cuban people. These assumptions are wrong. And since De-cember 17, 2014, the President has en-gaged the regime, offering unilateral concessions that the Castros are more than happy to accept. If that is not enough for us to at least question our Cuba policy, we are now facing an un-folding Cuban migration crisis. The United States is faced with the largest migration of Cuban immigrants since the rafters of 1994. The number of Cubans entering the United States in 2015 was nearly twice that of 2014— some 51,000—and tens of thousands more are desperately trying to make the journey via South and Central America. I ask: Why would Cubans flee if the promise of a better life in Cuba is just on the horizon? When President Obama took office, those numbers were less than 7,000 annually—51,000. We hear that ‘‘self-employment,’’ such as it is in Cuba, is growing. But the number of ‘‘self-employed’’ workers in Cuba has actually decreased. The Cuban government today is licensing 10,000 fewer ‘‘self-employed’’ workers than it did in 2014. In contrast, Castro’s military monopolies are expanding at record pace. Even the limited spaces in which ‘‘self-employed’’ workers pre-viously operated are being squeezed as the Cuban military expands its control of the island’s travel, retail, and finan-cial sectors of the economy. While speaking recently to a business gathering in Washington, here in the Nation’s Capital, President Obama ar-gued how he believes this new policy is ‘‘creating the environment in which a generational change and transition will take place in [Cuba].’’ But the key question is, A ‘‘generational change and transition’’ toward what and by whom? Cuban democracy leader, Antonio Rodiles, has concisely expressed this concern. He said ‘‘legitimizing the [Castro] regime is the path contrary to a transition.’’ CNN has revealed that the Cuban del-egation in the secret talks that began in mid-2013 with U.S. officials in Ot-tawa, Toronto, and Rome, and which led to the December 17 policy an-nouncement, were headed by Colonel Alejandro Castro Espin. Colonel Castro Espin is the 49-year-old son of Cuban dictator Raul Castro. In both face-to-face meetings be-tween President Obama and Raul Cas-tro this year—first at April’s Summit of the Americas in Panama City and just recently at the United Nation’s General Assembly in New York— Alejandro was seated, with a wide grin, next to his father. Alejandro holds the rank of colonel in Cuba’s Ministry of the Interior, with his hand on the pulse and trigger of the island’s intelligence services and repressive ordinances. It is no secret that Raul Castro is grooming Alejandro for a position of power. Sadly, his role as interlocutor with the Obama administration seeks to fur-ther their goal of an intrafamily gener-ational transition within the Castro clan, similar to the Assads in Syria and the Kims in North Korea. And we know how well those have worked out. To give an idea of how Colonel Alejandro Castro views the United States, he has described its leaders as ‘‘those who seek to subjugate human-ity to satisfy their interests and hege-monic goals.’’ This is who is being readied to be the next leader of Cuba, with whom we have been negotiating. Of course, it also takes money to run a totalitarian dictatorship, which is why Raul Castro named his son-in-law, General Luis Alberto Rodriguez Lopez Callejas, as head of GAESA, which stands for Grupo de Administracion Empresarial S.A., or translated, Busi-ness Administrative Group. GAESA is the holding company of Cuba’s Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, Cuba’s military. It is the dominant driving force of the is-land’s economy. Established in the 1990s by Raul Castro, it controls tour-ism companies, ranging from the very profitable Gaviota S.A., which runs Cuba’s hotels, restaurants, car rentals, and nightclubs, to TRD Caribe S.A., which runs the island’s retail stores. GAESA controls virtually all economic transactions in Cuba. According to Hotels Magazine, a leading industry publication, GAESA— through its subsidiaries—is by far the largest regional hotel conglomerate in Latin America. It controls more hotel rooms than the Walt Disney Company. As McClatchy News explained a few years back: 
Tourists who sleep in some of Cuba’s ho-tels, drive rental cars, fill up their gas tanks, and even those riding in taxis have some-thing in common: They are contributing to the [Cuban] Revolutionary Armed Forces’ bottom line. 
In essence, Cuba’s military and its repressive system. GAESA became this business power-house, thanks to the millions of Cana-dians and European tourists that have and continue to visit Cuba each year. The Cuban military-owned tourism company, Gaviota Tourism Group S.A., averaged 12 percent growth in 2015 and expects to double its hotel business this year. These tourists have done absolutely nothing to promote freedom and de-mocracy in Cuba. To the contrary, they have directly financed a system of control and repression over the Cuban people, all while enjoying cigars by Cuban workers paid in worthless pesos and having a Cuba Libre, which is an oxymoron, on the beaches Varadero. Yet, despite the clear evidence, Presi-dent Obama wants American tourists to now double GAESA’s bonanza and, through GAESA, strengthen the re-gime. An insightful report by Bloomberg Business also explained: [Raul’s son-in-law, General Rodriguez] is the gatekeeper for most foreign investors, requiring them to do business with his orga-nization if they wish to set up shop on the is-land. If and when the U.S. finally removes its half-century embargo on Cuba, it will be this man who decides which investors get the best deals. 
Again, he is part of the Cuban mili-tary. So this is not about people to people. This is about us helping the very entities that help fund the Cuban military and security agencies. In other words, all of the talking points about how lifting the embargo and tourism restrictions would somehow benefit the Cuban people are empty and misleading rhetoric. In addition, Internet ‘‘connectivity ranking’’ has dropped in Cuba. The International Telecommunication Union’s ‘‘Measuring the Information Society Report’’ for 2015, the most reli-able source of data and analysis on global access to information and com-munication, dropped Cuba’s ranking to 129, down from 119. Cuba fares much worse than some of the world’s most infamous suppressors, including Syria, Iran, China, and Venezuela—worse. In Cuba, religious freedom violations have also increased. According to the London-based NGO, Christian Soli-darity Worldwide, last year, 2,000 churches in Cuba were declared illegal and 100 were designated for demolition by the Castro regime. Altogether, they documented 2,300 separate violations of religious freedom in 2015, compared to 220 in 2014—2,300 versus 220. So reli-gious oppression is on the rise. And if that is not enough, Castro reneged on the release of political prisoners and visits by international monitors. Most of the 53 political prisoners released in the months prior and after the Presi-dent’s December 2014 announcement have since been rearrested on multiple occasions. Five have been handed new long-term prison sentences. Mean-while, Human Rights Watch noted in its new 2016 report that ‘‘Cuba has yet to allow visits to the island by the International Committee of the Red Cross or by the United Nations human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.040 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1535 March 16, 2016 
rights monitors, as stipulated in the December 2014 agreement with the United States.’’ These were the conditions that prompted Congress, over the course of our long history with Cuba, to pass successive laws to build on—not de-tract from—Executive orders that cre-ated the embargo. So I stand with thousands of Cuba’s civil society lead-ers, dissidents, journalists and every-day men and women who long for the day when the freedom we enjoy in our great country extends to theirs. As long as I have a voice, they will have an ally to speak truth to power against this dictatorship and against any effort to legitimize it or reward it. We must realize the nature of the Castro regime will not be altered by capitulating on our demands for basic human and civil rights. If the United States is to give away its leverage, it should be in exchange for one thing, and one thing only: a true transition in Cuba. Finally, as for the latest announce-ments from the administration, I stand against any rollback of the statutory provisions that codify Cuba sanctions. We learned this week that the adminis-tration has cleared the way for indi-vidual travel to Cuba outside the aus-pices of a group or organization, and that is tourism, plain and simple. We learned this week that the admin-istration has cleared the way for Cu-bans—athletes, artists, performers, and others—to earn salaries in the United States, which, in and of itself would be a good thing, except that, unfortu-nately, much if not all of those salaries will go back to the regime, as they must pay the regime most of what they make abroad. We learned that Americans may pur-chase Cuban-origin products and serv-ices in third countries—cigars, alcohol, and basic products produced by a sys-tem of slave labor that funnels pro-ceeds to one place: the regime’s pock-ets. When it comes to banking and finan-cial services, we will now permit the U.S. financial system to facilitate the flow of these and other proceeds di-rectly to the regime. The administra-tion will allow the Cuban Government, which profits from the sale of intel-ligence—as when they had our Hellfire missile—to export Cuban-origin soft-ware to the United States. Never mind that the Cuban Government aggres-sively monitors the Internet activity of Cuban dissidents and sensors users on the island. And then we are going to permit direct shipping by Cuban ves-sels. These ‘‘significant amendments’’ to the Cuban Assets Control Regula-tions and the Export Administration Regulations, cornerstones of imple-mentation of United States sanctions against the Castro regime announced on Tuesday, create new opportunities for abuse of permitted travel. They au-thorize trade and commerce with Cas-tro monopolies and permit the regime to use U.S. dollars to conduct its busi-ness. They are unilateral concessions, requiring no changes from the Castro regime to the political and economic system under which the Castros exploit lives and labor of Cuban nationals. In a meeting late last week, I warned officials at the Department of Treasury that these changes ‘‘come up to the line and in some cases cross it,’’ with respect to statutory authority. Their actions are inconsistent with existing statutes and incompatible with the in-tent of Congress as expressed through those statutes. I should know, as I was one of the authors of the Libertad Act when I served in the House of Rep-resentatives. In my view, at the end of the day, this is a unilateral transfer of the little remaining leverage that the adminis-tration hadn’t given away prior to this week’s announcement. With these steps, I believe Commerce and Treas-ury have set the stage for legal action against the administration. Congress has authorized categories of travel to Cuba, but none of these categories were tourism or commerce for commerce’s sake with the regime. The President has said his Cuba policy ‘‘helps pro-mote the people’s independence from Cuban authorities,’’ but it is clear that it does not. Yet, this week, in what would seem to contravene not only the letter but the spirit of the law, the ad-ministration will reportedly allow the regime to use U.S. dollars in inter-national financial transactions and a U.S. hotel company to partner with a Cuban military conglomerate run by the Castro family. Let’s be clear. It is not the Cuban people who are eager and willing to shuffle dollars through BNP Paribas, INB Group, or HSBC Bank; only the re-gime is willing and eager to do so. As for the reports that Starwood- Marriott is looking for an arrangement with the regime, with the blessing of the administration, it would be an agreement with a subsidiary of GAESA, the Cuban military conglom-erate run by Raul Castro’s son-in-law, General Luis Alberto Rodriguez Lopez- Callejas. So how does that help the Cuban people when you are working and helping the regime? It would be an agreement to manage a hotel for the Cuban military. Among those consid-ered is Havana’s swanky hotel Sara-toga, which has been confiscated twice by the Castro regime—an agreement by which employees are also hired by the regime’s state employment agency in-stead of directly by a company, in vio-lation of international labor laws. So I ask, how does allowing U.S. companies to do business with the re-gime, let alone the Castro family itself, ‘‘promote the Cuban people’s independ-ence from the authorities,’’ as the President has said? This breathes new life into the Cas-tro’s repressive state systems, and that new life means one thing: The repres-sive system will continue without changes. Next week, when we anticipate we will see a photograph of the President of the United States laughing and shaking hands with the only dictator in the Western Hemisphere, I will be thinking of Berta Soler of the Ladies in White and her fellow human rights and democracy advocates. She testified be-fore Congress last year and said: ‘‘Our demands are quite concrete; freedom for political prisoners, recognition of civil society, the elimination of crimi-nal dispositions that penalize freedom of expression and association and the right of the Cuban people to choose their future through free, multiparty elections.’’ It is not an overwhelming ask. What American would be willing to not have those basic fundamental freedoms? What are we willing to do to impose on another country—to say: We will deal with you even though you repress your people and deny them those free-doms. Those are the words of freedom Berta Soler spoke on her behalf and all of those who risk their lives and liberty every day inside of Cuba to create that possibility. That is the legacy we should work toward until the Cuban people are finally freed. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, early this morning I got a telephone call from a White House staffer who told me that the President was going to an-nounce his choice to fill the vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court occasioned by the passing of Antonin Scalia. This morning I was invited to the Rose Gar-den to witness that ceremony, and I thought it was one of the President’s best deliveries of a message to the American people about a critically im-portant issue. I applaud President Obama for his nomination of Chief Judge Merrick Garland to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. No one questions that Judge Garland is an outstanding attorney and has been an exceptional judge during his 19 years on the DC Circuit Court. No one questions his qualifications and experience to serve with distinction on the Supreme Court. I congratulate him, his wife Lynn, whom I just met, and his daughters, Becky and Jessie, on this nomination. Judge Garland is a proud son of Illi-nois. He is the grandson of immigrants who fled anti-Semitic persecution. He was born in Chicago to parents who ran a small business and volunteered in their community. He graduated at the top of his class from Niles West High School, received his undergraduate law degree from Harvard, and clerked for the legendary Judge Henry Friendly of the Second Circuit and Justice William Brennan of the U.S. Supreme Court. He has an incredible legal resume. He served in the Justice Department and worked in private practice before he was nominated to the DC Circuit Court. Today President Obama told the story of how Merrick Garland in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.041 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1536 March 16, 2016 
U.S. Department of Justice was sent down after the Oklahoma City bombing to handle the prosecution and how he carefully, deftly, and professionally handled that prosecution in a way that it would stick and it wouldn’t be over-turned because of legal mistakes. He personally felt an attachment and obli-gation to the victims and their fami-lies, and he carried with him the me-morial service bulletin that was given out with the names of each one of the victims. He brought it with him to the courtroom each day. He is that kind of person—a prosecutor but with empathy to the victims and a determination to make sure he followed the law. He did. President Obama has fulfilled his constitutional responsibility, and now the Senate must do the same. Article II, section 2, of the Constitution pro-vides the requirement that the Presi-dent shall appoint a nominee to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court, and the President did that today. That same section of the Constitu-tion goes on to say that it is the re-sponsibility of the Senate—this Sen-ate—to advise and consent to that nominee. There is no requirement that we approve the President’s nominee. He wants us to. I hope we do. But what it says is we have a responsibility under the Constitution—the same Con-stitution we swore to uphold and de-fend. So the President is using his author-ity and constitutional responsibility by naming Merrick Garland. Now what will happen? The Republican leadership in the Senate has said: End of story; we are not going to do anything. Some Senators have gone so far as to say they will not even meet with this man, will not even meet with the President’s nominee for the Supreme Court. In the history of the United States of Amer-ica, there has never—underline ‘‘never’’—been a situation where the President sent a nominee to the Su-preme Court to the Senate and there was not a hearing. Never. And now the Republican majority here has said: Ig-nore history. Ignore the Constitution. We are not going to let this President fill this vacancy. Their argument is this: Let the American people decide. There is an election coming. It will be in Novem-ber. Let them pick a President, who will then choose that Supreme Court nominee. Well, that is an interesting approach. It might make some sense had Presi-dent Barack Obama been reelected in 2012 to a term of 3 years and 2 months. He was reelected to a 4-year term by a 5 million-vote plurality. He is the President. And to argue that in his last year in office, he should have no au-thority or power in the Constitution to exercise what is required of him is to ignore the obvious. By what right do we, in the closing year of a Senator’s term, vote on the floor of the Senate if we are disquali-fied from making important decisions in our last year in office in each term? It is a ludicrous position, a ridiculous position. It is a position which I find offensive. This system of government gives to the American people the last word about who the President will be. There have been times when I have applauded that decision and times when I didn’t. But if you are respectful of this Con-stitution and this government, then you follow the will of the people of this great Nation, and they made a decision by a plurality of 5 million votes that Barack Obama would have this power for 4 years, until January of 2017. So the President has sent this name, and now it is up to the Senate. The Judiciary Committee plays an important role in this decision, and I am honored to serve on it. In 2001, then-chairman of the committee P
AT-
RICK LEAHY , Democrat of Vermont, joined with Ranking Republican Mem-ber O
RRIN HATCH of Utah and they sent a letter to the Senate about this issue of filling Supreme Court vacancies—a bipartisan letter, L
EAHY and H ATCH . Here is what it said: We both recognize and have every intention of following the practices and precedents of the committee and the Senate when con-sidering Supreme Court nominees. We should hold a hearing without delay. If this letter was the case 15 years ago and Senator H
ATCH , who was then the ranking Republican, joined with Senator L
EAHY , the Democratic chairman, what has changed? The only thing that has changed is we have a President named Barack Obama. You see, in 1987 there was a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Ronald Reagan was President. In 1988 he sent the name Anthony Kennedy to this Chamber to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. The Senate at that time was under the control of the Democrats. Ronald Reagan, a Republican President, sent his nominee to the Democratic Senate, and what happened? Did they an-nounce: We are not going to fill this; we will wait until after the election. No, no. The Democratic-controlled Senate held a hearing for Anthony Kennedy, brought him up for a vote, and passed him unanimously to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. Now look at what we are facing—Republican col-leagues who refuse to do their job under the Constitution. For what rea-son? Obviously for political reasons. My Republican colleagues say they are standing behind a principle that the President should not get to name the Supreme Court Justice in his final year. That principle has no history, no precedent, and is virtually impossible to defend. I would suggest a different principle to my Republican colleagues. Since Judge Merrick Garland is unquestion-ably qualified and you clearly would vote to confirm him under the next President, why wait? Why not vote to confirm him under this President? Failing to fill this vacancy on the Su-preme Court means there will be over 1 year from the death of Justice Antonin Scalia until a successor is chosen. The only time in history when the Senate left a vacancy on the Supreme Court for that period of time—1 year or more—was during the Civil War when we were literally at war with one an-other in the United States. If that is the only time that ever happened, there is no excuse for us to let it hap-pen again at this moment in our his-tory. To my friends on the Republican side of the aisle, do your job. Fill this va-cancy. Meet your constitutional re-sponsibility. FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES  
Mr. President, on Friday the Depart-ment of Education released its latest proposals for new regulations on bor-rower relief when a school engages in unfair, deceptive, or abusive conduct. The proposals will be debated this week at the third negotiated rulemaking ses-sion as part of the formal rulemaking process. I want to speak about one of the issues addressed in the latest proposal from the Department of Education— the use of mandatory arbitration in en-rollment contracts by institutions of higher education. These clauses, which for-profit colleges and universities often bury in fine print, prevent stu-dents from bringing suit against a school in court as an individual and often as part of a class action. It means, for example, that if a student applying to a school is deceived and misled by that school as to the degree they will receive or the job they will qualify for, they can’t bring a legal ac-tion in court against the school. In-stead, the student is forced into a se-cret proceeding where the deck is stacked against him. It allows schools to avoid accountability for their mis-conduct and prevents misconduct from coming to the attention of Federal reg-ulators. While nearly unheard of in not-for- profit institutions—think about public universities and private, not-for-profit colleges—mandatory arbitration has now become virtually standard in for- profit colleges and is used by all of the majors, such as the University of Phoe-nix, ITT Tech, and DeVry University, just to name a few. It was also used by Corinthian. Corinthian, another for- profit college, made sure that if their students signed up for a contract with the school, they signed this arbitration clause which eliminated the student’s day in court. I was pleased when the Department, in its latest proposal for current rule-making, included an option for banning the use of mandatory arbitration by all institutions receiving Federal title IV dollars. I thank the Department for in-cluding it in its proposal. I also want to take a moment to dis-cuss ITT Tech. ITT Tech is another for- profit college that is under scrutiny by Federal and State regulators. Last year the Department of Education found that the company, ITT, failed to meet its fiduciary duty to the Depart-ment and failed to meet the standards 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.042 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1537 March 16, 2016 
of administrative capability required of institutions under title IV, and they placed restrictions on ITT. The Depart-ment then required ITT Tech to pay nearly $80 million to be kept in escrow to guard against the potential collapse of this for-profit school. The company is under investigation by 18 State at-torneys general related to deceptive marketing. This is deceptive mar-keting of college students who are being misled into signing expensive tuition contracts with this school. The New Mexico attorney general found that ITT Tech placed students into loans without the knowledge of the students, falsely stated the number of credits a student had to take in order to push them into more debt, failed to issue refunds of tuition and fees in compliance with Federal law, and a variety of other deceptive prac-tices. If that wasn’t enough, the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau is also suing the company for predatory lending. This is the exploitation of college students. This is piling up debt. We have to frequently remind our-selves of the basics. Ten percent of the students in college are in for-profit col-leges and universities. Among those are the University of Phoenix, DeVry, Kaplan, and ITT Tech. Out of that 10 percent, 40 percent of all student loan defaults are from students in the for- profit colleges and universities. How is it that 10 percent of the stu-dents in for-profit schools account for 40 percent of all student loan defaults? First, the students go too deep in debt. These for-profit schools are way too expensive. Second, when the stu-dents can’t keep up with the debt they are accumulating, they drop out, and when they drop out, it is the worst of both worlds. They don’t even have a di-ploma from the for-profit school, and they still have a debt. Third, if they hang around long enough and finish and get a diploma from these for-profit schools, they find out many times they are worthless. Forty percent of the loan defaults are from students who at-tended for-profit colleges and univer-sities. These schools are coercing stu-dents into high-cost loans with interest rates as high as 16 percent and more, and they misrepresent future job pros-pects to them. Finally, the Securities and Exchange Commission is suing the company, ITT, and two of its executives, Kevin Modany, its CEO, and Daniel Fitzpatrick, its CFO, personally for concealing the poor performance of pri-vate institutional student loans from investors. Behind all of this scrutiny by Federal and State regulators are students who have been harmed irreparably. Accord-ing to a recent Brookings study, ITT Tech students cumulatively owe more than $4.6 billion in Federal student loans. How much is being paid back on this cumulative debt? According to the study, negative 1 percent of the bal-ance has been repaid in 2014. What does it mean? How can it be a negative num-ber? Simple—the interest on this accu-mulative debt is occurring faster than it can be paid off by the students. Indi-vidual students often have no chance of paying back this personal debt when they have taken out a loan and end up with a worthless degree from ITT Tech. What responsibility do we have as a government when it comes to these schools that are deceiving students, dragging them into debt, and then watching as they default? We have a major responsibility. For-profit col-leges and universities are the most heavily subsidized private businesses in America today. We have all heard the term ‘‘crony capitalism.’’ It couldn’t apply more aptly to for-profit colleges and universities. Most of their reve-nues don’t come from students and families—only indirectly. Most of their revenue comes through the Federal Treasury in the form of government loans that end up in the pockets of the owners of these for-profit colleges and universities. More than half the students who left ITT in 2009 are in default on their stu-dent loans 5 years later—half. One former student of ITT Tech is Marcus Willis from Illinois. He was ag-gressively recruited by ITT Tech with multiple phone calls each day. He fi-nally signed up for classes. He grad-uated in 2003 from ITT Tech and spent months unable to find a job. When talking about his debt, Marcus said: 
It’s too much to even keep track of. I will never, ever be able to pay it back. 
He said that he ‘‘wouldn’t wish ITT Tech on his worst enemy.’’ Despite all the lawsuits, the scandal, and students like Marcus, January was a big month for ITT Tech executives Kevin Modany and Daniel Fitzpatrick. They both got big bonus checks. Modany received $515,000 and Fitzpatrick received $112,000. They can expect more. In 2014, Mr. Modany was paid more than $3 million. These are the same two who the SEC says vio-lated numerous Federal securities laws in a fraudulent scheme to hide infor-mation from investors. But ITT Tech’s board looks the other way. Instead of penalizing or dismissing them, they give them a bonus. ITT Tech investors have a right to be outraged. Current and former ITT Tech stu-dents are also outraged. The Federal taxpayers should be outraged too. You see, ITT Tech receives 80 percent of its revenue from Federal student aid funds. Nearly $1 billion a year comes from the Federal Treasury, and even more than that when you count the money they take in from VA, GI bills, and the Department of Defense tuition assistance funding. Recently, I sent a letter to ITT Tech’s accreditor, the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools, asking them what steps they were going to take to respond to this company’s misconduct and shaky fi-nancial situation. They responded last week that they have required ITT Tech to submit teach-out plans to ensure that students can continue their edu-cation at other institutions should the company fail. Incidentally, the other institutions are probably going to be more for-profit schools. So they trans-fer the kids from one failing for-profit to another questionable for-profit col-lege. They also told me that they will as-sess ITT Tech’s financial stability, edu-cation quality, and program integrity when they get together in April. I encourage the council which accred-ited Corinthian, which is now out of business, to make sure they take a hard look at ITT Tech. The writing is on the wall. There are reports that the University of Akron may be interested in buying this questionable college. I will be watching this development carefully to ensure that any potential transaction is in the best interest of students, their families, and taxpayers. MENTAL HEALTH ON CAMPUS IMPROVEMENT ACT  
Mr. President, mental health condi-tions affect one out of five American adults. Yet this disease continues to be stigmatized, undertreated, and reduced to second-class status when it comes to certain health care benefits. Just like any other physical health disease, men-tal health conditions require a dedi-cated treatment plan and support for full recovery. I still remember years ago, when Paul Wellstone, who used to sit right back there, and Pete Domenici, who sat over there, were in the Senate. Paul Wellstone of Minnesota, was a Democrat, and Pete Domenici of New Mexico was a Republican—what an un-likely pair. They came together be-cause each of them had family experi-ences with mental health. What they tried to do—and successfully did—was to include in all of our health insur-ance plans coverage for mental health counseling as well as substance abuse treatment. It became standard. When we passed ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, it was built into health in-surance policies. I have heard Members stand here and say: I am getting rid of ObamaCare. We are going to vote against it and make that go away. When they say that, we need to ask them: Will the coverage for mental health conditions go away too? How about the coverage for substance abuse treatment, will that coverage go away too? This change made a big difference. It was a huge step in the right direction to expand access to mental counseling. We have to further eliminate barriers to treatment. Last week, the Senate passed the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act, authorizing several important programs to help people deal with men-tal health and substance abuse issues. I supported it because it was a step in the right direction. We know that ap-proximately 44 million Americans ex-perience some sort of brain health or mental illness issue during the year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.044 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1538 March 16, 2016 
and millions don’t receive treatment or support. This need for mental health services is especially dire with one group of Americans. How often in your life experience have you noticed a young man or woman go off to college and for the first time ever manifest some serious mental health issues? I have seen it with frequency, and I know that many schools struggle with it. Studies have shown that one-half of all chronic mental illness begins by age 14 and three-fourths by age 24. College students can face stress in new aca-demic surroundings and new social en-vironments. Many of them are away from home for the first time, and men-tal health concerns start to manifest. Despite this, colleges and universities have limited resources to deal with it. The ratio of counselors to students far exceeds recommended levels, pre-venting colleges and universities from identifying the most at-risk students. Right now, we are seeing a huge dis-parity between reported mental health needs and services being provided. In one nationwide study, 57 percent of students reported having felt over-whelming anxiety, 35 percent felt so de-pressed it was difficult to function, and 48 percent felt hopeless. Now, I remem-ber some bad nights and bad mornings when facing a tough test, but we are talking about young people who have gone beyond that. They are facing some serious personal challenges. Only 10 percent of enrolled students seek any kind of counseling. This means that too many are slipping through the cracks and too many are not receiving treatment for mental ill-ness. This can have tragic results. While millions of Americans suffer from serious mental illness, a very small statistical group engages in vio-lence against themselves or others. We have examples of what happens when someone dealing with mental illness becomes violent. There was a horrific tragedy in 2008 on the campus of North-ern Illinois University in DeKalb. Six people died in a school shooting as a re-sult of someone suffering from mental illness. Their families were changed forever, and so was the campus. Not all mental health emergencies grab national headlines. Suicide is the second leading cause of death among Americans aged 15 to 34. We can’t ig-nore the silent suffering of millions of Americans, including many young peo-ple. That is why I have joined with Senator S
USAN COLLINS , a Republican of Maine, and Senator M
ICHAEL BEN-
NET, a Democrat of Colorado, to intro-duce bipartisan legislation to improve mental health services on college cam-puses, expanding outreach and coun-seling and tackling the mental health illness stigma. I am happy to partner with Congresswoman J
ANSCHAKOWSKY  of Illinois in introducing this legisla-tion. Our bill, the Mental Health on Cam-pus Improvement Act, will support col-leges and universities by giving them resources to better support the mental health needs of their students. It estab-lishes a grant program to provide di-rect mental health services and out-reach. Our bill will also increase aware-ness and treatment by promoting peer support training and engagement with campus groups. It launches a national education campaign to reduce the stig-ma, encourage identification of risk, and enhance the conversation about mental health and seeking help. This bill is sponsored by the Amer-ican Foundation for Suicide Preven-tion, the American Psychology Asso-ciation, the National Alliance on Men-tal Illness of Chicago, and the Amer-ican College Health Association, among others. This morning this legislation was adopted by a voice vote as an amend-ment to the Cassidy-Murphy Mental Health Reform Act in the HELP Com-mittee. I thank Senators COLLINS and B EN-
NET for their efforts to advance the bill. I also thank Senators C
ASSIDY , M
URPHY , MURRAY , and A LEXANDER for working with us to ensure this impor-tant provision was included in the larg-er bill. I look forward to working with my colleagues on this bipartisan measure. I also know there is a lot of interest in addressing barriers to treatment in Medicaid, known as the IMD exclusion, which is under the Finance Commit-tee’s jurisdiction. I will continue to push a bill that I cosponsored with Senator K
INGof Maine, the Medicaid Care Act, which expands access to treatment and coverage. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ACCOUNTABILITY WITHIN THE NIGERIAN MILITARY Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, nearly a year ago when Muhammadu Buhari be-came the first Nigerian to defeat a sit-ting President through the ballot box, I greeted the news with cautious opti-mism. For the most part, his message was and remains one that encourages greater cooperation between the United States and Nigeria to defeat Boko Haram and chart a brighter course for Africa’s most populous na-tion. Recent attacks by Boko Haram have served as a sobering reminder of the challenges Nigeria continues to face, and I have supported every initiative by the Obama administration to counter this scourge. Through my role as ranking member on the Department of State and Foreign Operations Appro-priations Subcommittee, I have also supported hundreds of millions of dol-lars in foreign aid for Nigeria annually, particularly for public health activi-ties. But words and money only go so far. While President Buhari has taken posi-tive steps to combat corruption and his government has shown more interest than his predecessor in addressing the development challenges in the north, reports of human rights abuses by the Nigerian military continue to under-mine the government’s reputation and effectiveness. Unfortunately, this is nothing new. And although President Buhari has taken some initial steps to reform the military, far more needs to be done when it comes to account-ability for such crimes. I want to highlight an incident which, although tragic, provides an im-portant opportunity for President Buhari to begin to reverse the long his-tory of impunity within Nigeria’s secu-rity forces. According to credible re-ports, on December 12, 2015, a convoy that was transporting Nigeria’s chief of army staff was unable to bypass a gathering orchestrated by the Islamic Movement of Nigeria in Zaria, and the ensuing clashes resulted in as many as 300 civilians killed and many others de-tained. According to information I have received, many of the bodies were quickly buried by soldiers without the permission of family members, making it difficult to determine the death toll, but also making it hard for victims’ families to know who had been killed and who had been taken into custody. The Kaduna State government subse-quently established a judicial commis-sion of inquiry to investigate the inci-dent, a positive first step, and it is ex-pected to complete its work sometime this month. Serious questions, however, have been raised about the impartiality of the commission. While I understand that the inquiry is being conducted at the state level, it has national implica-tions. The fact that President Buhari has said little about this situation— noting only that it is ‘‘a military af-fair’’—is worrisome given the potential for wide-ranging implications and the commitments he made during his inau-gural speech to ensure discipline for ‘‘human rights violators in the armed forces.’’ I hope the Buhari administration fully supports the Kaduna State gov-ernment judicial commission of in-quiry and takes whatever steps are necessary to ensure it fulfills its re-sponsibilities. The risks are great if the commission is deemed not to have been impartial and thorough in its review and if the findings are not publicly re-leased and acted on, as appropriate. At 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.045 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1539 March 16, 2016 
the very least, a significant oppor-tunity will have been missed to dem-onstrate that the Government of Nige-ria values and defends the rule of law, is committed to transparency, and seeks to make real progress on issues of justice and accountability. While this is an issue that Nigeria must tackle, I stand ready to support any assistance the United States can provide to help President Buhari strengthen Nigerian institutions of jus-tice and combat impunity. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF CASEY FAMILY PROGRAMS Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I want to congratulate the board of trustees, president and CEO William Bell, and the team at Casey Family Programs as this organization cele-brates its 50th anniversary this month. Casey Family Programs is the Nation’s largest operating foundation focused on safely reducing the need for foster care and building Communities of Hope for children and families across Amer-ica. Its goal is to influence long-lasting improvements in the safety and success of children, families, and the commu-nities where they live. I am also proud to say that Casey Family Programs is based in Seattle, WA. March 15 is Casey’s founders day. It is a time for the leaders to reflect on the foundation’s creator, history, and its mission. Jim Casey, the founder of United Parcel Service, saw a critical need 50 years ago to ensure that our Nation’s most vulnerable children had safe and stable families who would provide the opportunities and support needed to succeed in life. As the eldest child when his father passed away, Jim felt responsible for taking care of his moth-er and three siblings at the young age of 14. From a fledgling bicycle mes-senger service that he started in 1907, he steadily grew his company into the world’s largest delivery and logistics company United Parcel Services, UPS, in 1919. Jim Casey said in 1947, ‘‘. . . all of us, if we are to accomplish anything worthwhile, will do it largely through the help and cooperation of the people work with.’’ This sentiment led Jim Casey to make a generous donation to create several foundations, including creation of Casey Family Programs in 1966 to provide direct services to chil-dren and families. Over the next 50 years, Casey Family Programs has grown to work with all 50 States and with Native American tribes. Although the foundation started with a specific focus on providing qual-ity foster care, after considerable expe-rience in direct services, Casey Family Programs recognized that it could have greater impact on families and chil-dren by working to support long-last-ing improvements across entire child welfare systems and jurisdictions. Today the foundation provides stra-tegic consultation, technical assist-ance, data analysis, and independent research and evaluation at no cost to all 50 States, as well as county and tribal child welfare jurisdictions across the Nation. From 2009 to 2015, Casey Family Pro-grams will have invested $45 million in Washington. It has supported the work of the child welfare system, courts, tribes, policymakers, and other organi-zations to build communities of hope that safely reduce the need for foster care and support strong, lifelong fami-lies for all children. Washington State has two Casey field offices serving chil-dren and families in Seattle and Yak-ima. As a member of the Senate Com-mittee on Finance, which has oversight over the Federal foster care funding programs, I value the education and re-search provided by Casey Family Pro-grams. I was proud to support the Child and Family Services and Improvement and Innovation Act of 2011, which re-newed the ability of up to 30 States to seek Federal waivers to explore better ways to service children and families in the child welfare system. Since pas-sage of the law, Casey Family Pro-grams has partnered with interested States to provide information, support, and research on ways to support States that sought waivers. Washington State is one of the waiv-er States, and the Port Gamble S’Klallam Tribe in Washington is the only tribe in our country with a Fed-eral waiver. Casey Family Programs is offering support, data, and regular meetings to help the waiver States im-plement their waivers and to provide information on the progress of the waivers. This information will be valu-able in my oversight work on Federal child welfare policy. Jim Casey had a vision to help chil-dren and families, and the leadership of Casey Family Programs today is fol-lowing his mission with a nationwide strategy to safely reduce the number of youth in foster care and to invest to build communities of hope. I want to congratulate the foundation for 50 years of service, and I look forward to learning from Casey’s reports and lead-ers to promote further progress in Washington State and across the coun-try. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ROTARY CLUB OF FRESNO ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the 100th Anniversary of the Rotary Club of Fresno, an organization dedicated to public service in Central California. On March 1, 1916, Fresno Rotary be-came the ninth chartered Rotary in the State of California. The Rotary’s first philanthropic project—planting 1,000 olive trees along the Golden State Highway—marked the start of a cen-tury of public engagement and commu-nity service. Since then, the spirit of Fresno Rotary has left an unforget-table mark on some of the commu-nity’s most iconic local landmarks and organizations, including the Old Fresno Water Tower, Storyland and Playland at Roeding Park, the Boys & Girls Club, the Salvation Army, and numer-ous schools and hospitals. The mission of Fresno Rotary goes far beyond the San Joaquin Valley. Over the years, the club has delivered thousands of wheelchairs and water treatment devices to those in need in developing countries and helped pro-vide medical service to more than 100,000 residents living in a rural Mexi-can village. A hundred years after its founding, the Rotary Club of Fresno remains a testament to the vision, commitment, and contributions of generations of service-minded Fresno citizens who want to make a positive difference in the world. I want to express my sincere gratitude to the members and friends of Fresno Rotary for their dedicated service, and I am pleased to join in honoring this special anniversary. ∑ f 
REMEMBERING JERRY ENOMOTO ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Jerry Enomoto, a devoted hus-band and beloved friend who passed away on January 17, 2016, at the age of 89. Jerry Enomoto was born and raised in San Francisco. In 1942, Jerry and his family were forcibly relocated to the Tule Lake Incarceration Camp as part of Executive Order 9066, one of the darkest chapters in our Nation’s his-tory. Despite being uprooted from Low-ell College Preparatory High School, Jerry continued his studies and grad-uated as the valedictorian of his class while still held at Tule Lake. Upon re-lease, he proudly served in the U.S. Army and subsequently earned bach-elor’s and master’s degrees from the University of California, Berkeley. Jerry dedicated his career to public service, serving as the first Asian Pa-cific American prison warden and the first Asian Pacific American to lead the California Department of Correc-tions. In 1994, Jerry broke racial bar-riers yet again by becoming the first Asian Pacific American appointed as a United States marshal. Outside of work, Jerry was active in several civil rights organizations, twice serving as the national president of the Japanese American Citizens League, JACL. In 1992, JACL presented Jerry with their highest award, Japanese American of the Biennium, recognizing his years of advocacy and leadership. Jerry and his wife, Dorothy, always spoke out against injustice, and in 1999, they co-founded an annual dinner to promote civil rights and diversity in response to a series of hate crimes in their Sacramento community. Now in its 17th year, their annual Martin Lu-ther King, Jr., Celebration Dinner has become a highlight on the calendar for those who are committed to making Sacramento a more equal, inclusive, and diverse community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.036 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1540 March 16, 2016 
Jerry was a true civic leader who lived a life of service and patriotism despite the prejudice he experienced in his own childhood. His immense con-tributions to the State of California will never be forgotten, and I send my deepest condolences to his wife, Doro-thy, and their loved ones.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SYLVIA M
CLAUGHLIN ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Sylvia McLaughlin, an ardent environmental activist; a caring and involved community member; a loving wife; and a proud mother and grand-mother who passed away on January 19, 2016. Sylvia McLaughlin was born in Den-ver, CO, on December 24, 1916. Inspired by the surrounding Rocky Mountains, Sylvia was drawn to nature from an early age and participated in many outdoor sports, including skiing and mountain climbing. After receiving a bachelor’s degree in French from Vas-sar College in 1939, she married Donald McLaughlin, and the couple settled in Berkeley, CA, where she became en-gaged in the growing environmental movement. In response to the city of Berkeley’s plan to build on 2,000 acres of the Bay’s shoreline, Sylvia co-founded the Save San Francisco Bay Association in 1961, mobilizing thousands of residents in opposition to the Berkeley proposal. Their efforts succeeded, and Save the Bay subsequently championed a 1965 State law designating the San Fran-cisco Bay as a State-protected resource and establishing the Nation’s first coastal-zone management agency, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, BCDC. These efforts prevented further unregu-lated shoreline development, helped preserve the health of the remarkable bay estuary as vital habitat for local wildlife, increased public access along the shoreline, and helped set the stage for later bay and wetland restoration projects that protect this precious eco-system. In addition to her pioneering work with Save the Bay, Sylvia remained an environmental activist throughout her life. She served as a board member for organizations, including the National Audubon Society, Citizens for East Shore Parks, Save the Redwoods League, the Trust for Public Lands, Greenbelt Alliance, and East Bay Con-servation Corps. For more than half a century, Sylvia worked tirelessly to preserve the nat-ural resources of the Bay Area and all those who enjoy the beautiful shoreline of San Francisco Bay owe her an enor-mous debt of gratitude. I send my deep-est condolences to her children Jeanie Shaterian and George McLaughlin; her stepson, Donald McLaughlin, Jr.; and her many grandchildren.∑ MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE ISSUANCE OF AN EXECUTIVE ORDER TO TAKE ADDITIONAL STEPS WITH RESPECT TO THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY ORIGI-NALLY DECLARED IN EXECU-TIVE ORDER 13466 OF JUNE 26, 2008 WITH RESPECT TO NORTH KOREA—PM 45 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (IEEPA), I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order (the ‘‘order’’) with respect to North Korea. The order takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, expanded in scope in Ex-ecutive Order 13551 of August 30, 2010, relied upon for additional steps in Ex-ecutive Order 13570 of April 18, 2011, and further expanded in scope in Executive Order 13687 of January 2, 2015. The order also facilitates implementation of certain provisions of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122), which I signed on February 18, 2016, and ensures the implementation of certain provisions of United Nations Security Council Resolution (UNSCR) 2270 of March 2, 2016. In 2008, upon terminating the exer-cise of certain authorities under the Trading With the Enemy Act (TWEA) with respect to North Korea, the Presi-dent issued Executive Order 13466 and declared a national emergency pursu-ant to IEEPA to deal with the unusual and extraordinary threat to the na-tional security and foreign policy of the United States posed by the exist-ence and risk of the proliferation of weapons-usable fissile material on the Korean Peninsula. Executive Order 13466 continued certain restrictions on North Korea and North Korean nation-als that had been in place under TWEA. In 2010, I issued Executive Order 13551. In that order, I determined that the Government of North Korea’s con-tinued provocative actions destabilized the Korean peninsula and imperiled U.S. Armed Forces, allies, and trading partners in the region and warranted the imposition of additional sanctions, and I expanded the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13466. In Executive Order 13551, I ordered blocked the property and interests in property of three North Korean enti-ties and one individual listed in the Annex to that order and provided cri-teria under which the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, may designate addi-tional persons whose property and in-terests in property shall be blocked. In 2011, I issued Executive Order 13570 to further address the national emer-gency with respect to North Korea and to strengthen the implementation of UNSCRs 1718 and 1874. That Executive Order prohibited the direct or indirect importation of goods, services, and technology from North Korea. In 2015, I issued Executive Order 13687, in which I determined that the provocative, destabilizing, and repres-sive actions and policies of the Govern-ment of North Korea constitute a con-tinuing threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States, and further expanded the national emergency declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13466. In Executive Order 13687 I provided additional criteria under which the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, may designate addi-tional persons whose property and in-terests in property shall be blocked. I have now determined that the Gov-ernment of North Korea’s continuing pursuit of its nuclear and missile pro-grams, as evidenced most recently by its February 7, 2016, launch using bal-listic missile technology and its Janu-ary 6, 2016, nuclear test in violation of its obligations pursuant to numerous UNSCRs and in contravention of its commitments under the September 19, 2005, Joint Statement of the Six-Party Talks, increasingly imperils the United States and its allies. The order address-es those actions and takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008. The order also fa-cilitates implementation of certain provisions of the North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122), which I signed on February 18, 2016, and en-sures the implementation of certain provisions of UNSCR 2270 of March 2, 2016. The order is not targeted at the peo-ple of North Korea, but rather is aimed at the Government of North Korea and its activities that threaten the United States and others. It blocks the prop-erty and interests in property of the Government of North Korea and the Workers’ Party of Korea and provides additional criteria for blocking the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.039 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1541 March 16, 2016 
property and interests in property of any person determined by the Sec-retary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State: ∑to operate in such industries in the North Korean economy as may be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, such as transportation, mining, energy, or financial services; ∑to have sold, supplied, transferred, or purchased, directly or indirectly, to or from North Korea or any person act-ing for or on behalf of the Government of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea, metal, graphite, coal, or soft-ware, where any revenue or goods re-ceived may benefit the Government of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea, including North Korea’s nuclear or ballistic missile programs; ∑to have engaged in, facilitated, or been responsible for an abuse or viola-tion of human rights by the Govern-ment of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of either such entity; ∑to have engaged in, facilitated, or been responsible for the exportation of workers from North Korea, including exportation to generate revenue for the Government of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea; ∑to have engaged in significant ac-tivities undermining cybersecurity through the use of computer networks or systems against targets outside of North Korea on behalf of the Govern-ment of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea; ∑to have engaged in, facilitated, or been responsible for censorship by the Government of North Korea or the Workers’ Party of Korea; ∑to have materially assisted, spon-sored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services to or in support of, any per-son whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the order; ∑to be owned or controlled by, or to have acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the order; or ∑to have attempted to engage in any of the activities described above. In addition, the order prohibits: ∑the exportation of goods, services, and technology to North Korea; ∑new investment in North Korea; and ∑the approval, financing, facilita-tion, or guarantee of such exports and investments. Finally, the order suspends entry into the United States of any alien de-termined to meet one or more of the above criteria. I have delegated to the Secretary of the Treasury the authority, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, to take such actions, including the pro-mulgation of rules and regulations, and to employ all powers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be nec-essary to carry out the purposes of the order. All executive agencies are di-rected to take all appropriate measures within their authority to carry out the provisions of the order. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , March 15, 2016. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:33 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2081. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project involving the Gibson Dam. H.R. 3447. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. H.R. 3797. An act to establish the bases by which the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency shall issue, imple-ment, and enforce certain emission limita-tions and allocations for existing electric utility steam generating units that convert coal refuse into energy. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3797. An act to establish the bases by which the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency shall issue, imple-ment, and enforce certain emission limita-tions and allocations for existing electric utility steam generating units that convert coal refuse into energy; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2686. A bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act. 
The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2081. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project involving the Gibson Dam. H.R. 3447. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4696. A communication from the Acting Director of the Legislative Affairs Division, Natural Resources Conservation Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Conservation Stewardship Program’’ (RIN0578–AA63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4697. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Mark I. Fox, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4698. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tions to the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AG82) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4699. A communication from the Spe-cial Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, transmitting, pursuant to law, the October 2015 Quarterly Report to Congress of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4700. A communication from the Spe-cial Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, transmitting, pursuant to law, the January 2016 Quarterly Report to Congress of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4701. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Se-questration Preview Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committees on the Budget; and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4702. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Final Re-port to Congress on the Community First Choice State Plan Benefit’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4703. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Work Opportunity Tax Credit (WOTC) Guidance and Transition Relief’’ (Notice 2016–22) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4704. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Tem-porary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) Program Eleventh Report to Con-gress’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4705. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country regarding any possible affects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over mili-tary threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0350); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4706. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country regarding any possible affects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over mili-tary threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0352); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4707. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.010 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1542 March 16, 2016 
pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country regarding any possible affects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over mili-tary threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0351); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4708. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an annual report on mining activities as required by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4709. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘New Animal Drugs for Use in Animal Feeds; Removal of Obsolete and Re-dundant Regulations’’ (Docket No. FDA– 2003–N–0446) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4710. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Civil Rights, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2015 annual report relative to the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4711. A communication from the Chair-man of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Performance Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4712. A communication from the Chair-man, Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2015 Performance and Ac-countability Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4713. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Mississippi River Commission, Department of the Army, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Commission’s Annual Re-port for calendar year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4714. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Rights-of-Way on Indian Land’’ (RIN1076–AF20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–4715. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Office of Refugee Resettlement: Annual Report to Congress, FY 2014’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4716. A communication from the Super-visory Regulations Specialist, U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Im-proving and Expanding Training Opportuni-ties for F–1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All El-igible F–1 Students’’ (RIN1653–AA72) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4717. A communication from the Human Resources Specialist (Executive Re-sources), Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Counsel, Small Business Administration, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–4718. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Veterans Health Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Vet Centers’’ (RIN2900–AP21) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4719. A communication from the Chief Impact Analyst, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Veterans Transportation Service’’ (RIN2900–AO92) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4720. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Veterans Health Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicants for VA Memorialization Bene-fits’’ (RIN2900–AO95) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4721. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Loess Hills Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4722. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Willamette Valley Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4723. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Witt-Penn Bridge Construc-tion, Hackensack River; Jersey City, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 1008)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4724. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River; Marcus Hook, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0998)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation . EC–4725. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Great Egg Harbor Bay; Somers Point, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1031)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4726. A communication from the Acting Division Chief, Wireline Competition Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of Section 224 of the Act A National Broadband Plan for Our Future’’ ((RIN3060–AJ64) (FCC 15–151)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 14, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4727. A communication from the Vice President of Government Affairs and Cor-porate Communications, National Railroad Passenger Corporation, Amtrak, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Amtrak’s Executive Level 1 salary for 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4728. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Cov-ered Swap Entities’’ (RIN3064–AE21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4729. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Re-port to the Congress on the Joint Committee Reductions for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committees on the Budget; and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4730. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Interior, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, an annual report related to the Colorado River System Reservoirs for 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4731. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transmission Operations Reliability Standards and Inter-connection Reliability Operations and Co-ordination Reliability Standards’’ (Docket No. RM15–16–000) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4732. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Third-Party Provision of Primary Frequency Response Service’’ ((RIN1902–AE96) (Docket No. RM15– 2–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4733. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Emergency Operations Reliability Stand-ards; Revisions to Undervoltage Load Shed-ding Reliability Standards; Revisions to the Definition of ’Remedial Action Scheme’ and Related Reliability Standards’’ ((RIN1902– AF06) (Docket Nos. RM15–7–000, RM15–12–000 , and RM15–13–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–4734. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Crit-ical Infrastructure Protection Reliability Standards’’ (Docket No. RM15–14–000) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4735. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Clean Watersheds Needs Sur-vey 2012 Report to Congress’’; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.005 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1543 March 16, 2016 
EC–4736. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Evalua-tion of the Medicare Patient Intravenous Immunoglobulin Demonstration Project: In-terim Report to Congress’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4737. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, nine (9) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of State, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4738. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4739. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4740. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Civil Rights, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2015 annual report relative to the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act) received in the office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4741. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Financial Reporting and Policy, Office of the Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary for Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘FY 2015 Agency Financial Report’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4742. A communication from the Chair-man of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4743. A communication from the Chief Financial Officer of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to financial integrity for fiscal year 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4744. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Economic Impact and Diver-sity, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2015 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4745. A communication from the Board Members of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4746. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4747. A joint communication from the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Thefts, Losses, or Releases of Select Agents and Toxins for Calendar Year 2014; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4748. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the cost of response and re-covery efforts for FEMA–3375-EM in the State of Michigan having exceeded the $5,000,000 limit for a single emergency dec-laration; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4749. A communication from the Sec-retary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report of the Proceedings of the Judicial Conference of the United States’’ for the September 17, 2015, session and September 9, 2015, session; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–4750. A communication from the Chief Counsel, National Telecommunications and Information Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to 47 CFR Part 301 to Implement Certain Provi-sions of the Spectrum Pipeline Act’’ (RIN0660–AA31) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4751. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement: NASA Cap-italization Threshold’’ (RIN2700–AE23) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 10, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–135. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact legislation to repeal the health insurance tax; to the Committee on Finance. H
OUSE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2001 Whereas, sections 9010 and 10905 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (P.L. 111–148) and section 1406 of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (P.L. 111–152) impose an unprecedented new tax on health insurance that numerous policy experts agree will be passed on to in-dividuals, working families, small employers and seniors, contradicting a primary goal of health reform by making care more expen-sive; and Whereas, the health insurance tax will cause premiums on the individual market to rise an average of $2,150 for individuals and $5,080 for families nationally over a ten-year period, will increase premiums in Arizona by an average of $1,964 over ten years and will increase premiums for families in Arizona over $3,958 over ten years; and Whereas, the health insurance tax will im-pact small employers over the next ten years by reducing future private sector jobs by 125,000, with 59% of these reductions affect-ing small businesses, and reducing potential sales by at least $18 billion, with 50% affect-ing small businesses; and Whereas, the health insurance tax will in-crease premiums for small employers in Ari-zona by an average of $2,674 per employee over ten years and for large employers by an average of $2,645 per employee over ten years; and Whereas, the health insurance tax will im-pact Medicare Advantage beneficiaries in Ar-izona by costing an average of $3,303 more in premiums and reduced benefits over ten years; and Whereas, the health insurance tax will im-pact Medicaid beneficiaries in Arizona who are enrolled in a coordinated care program by costing an average of $1,337 over ten years, putting pressure on already strained state budgets, decreasing benefits and poten-tially creating coverage disruption; and Whereas, higher premiums are a disincen-tive for everyone to obtain insurance cov-erage, particularly younger, healthier people who are likely to drop their policy if it be-comes too expensive, which would further erode the risk pool and make coverage even less affordable. Wherefore your memorialist, the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress enact legislation to repeal the health insurance tax, sections 9010 and 10905 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and sec-tion 1406 of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, to make health care more affordable for working families, individuals and businesses. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the President of the United States Senate and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. POM–136. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Michigan memorializing the United States Congress to appropriate funds from the Nuclear Waste Fund for the establishment of a permanent repository for high-level nuclear waste or re-imburse electric utility customers who paid into the fund; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 6 Whereas, The nuclear power industry needs a permanent repository for high-level nu-clear waste produced by reactors. Nuclear power plays a vital role in meeting our na-tion’s current and future energy needs. How-ever, the failure to construct a permanent repository severely impedes efforts to con-struct new power plants to provide clean and reliable base load power; and Whereas, Over the last 30 years, the nu-clear power industry and its customers have paid the federal government billions of dol-lars to construct a permanent repository. Under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, the U.S. Congress established the Nuclear Waste Fund to collect money for the reposi-tory. Revenue to the fund came from manda-tory fees assessed on all nuclear energy. Since 1983, customers of Michigan electric utilities alone have paid $812 million into the fund for construction of the repository; and Whereas, A permanent repository for high- level nuclear waste has not been established and constructed. More than 2,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel from power plants con-tinue to accumulate at temporary and poten-tially vulnerable sites across the nation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.008 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1544 March 16, 2016 
adding to the more than 70,000 metric tons already stored at these sites; and Whereas, The Nuclear Waste Fund contains a substantial balance for establishment of the repository. While fee collection was sus-pended on May 16, 2014, the fund still con-tains a balance of over $31 billion for the ex-press purpose of supporting radioactive waste disposal activities. It is imperative that Congress meet its obligation to the nu-clear power industry and U.S. citizens who paid into this fund: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That we memori-alize the Congress of the United States to ap-propriate funds from the Nuclear Waste Fund for the establishment of a permanent repository for high-level nuclear waste or re-imburse electric utility customers who paid into the fund; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional delegation. 
POM–137. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Michigan urging the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission to fulfill their obligation to establish a perma-nent repository for high-level nuclear waste; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 8 Whereas, Over the past four decades, nu-clear power has been a significant source for the nation’s electricity production. Accord-ing to the U.S. Energy Information Adminis-tration, nuclear power provided about 20 per-cent of the electricity produced in the United States in 2013, and Michigan’s three nuclear power plants provided 28 percent of the electricity generated in Michigan; and Whereas, Since the earliest days of nuclear power, the great dilemma associated with this technology is how to deal with used nu-clear fuel. Currently, more than 70,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel are stored in pools or casks at temporary sites around the coun-try, including Michigan. This high-level ra-dioactive waste demands exceptional care in all facets of its storage and disposal, includ-ing transportation; and Whereas, More than 30 years ago, Congress enacted the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to address this issue. The act requires the federal government, through the Department of Energy, to build a repository for the per-manent storage of high-level radioactive waste from nuclear power plants and begin accepting waste by January 31, 1998; and Whereas, It is now 2015, and the nation still remains without a permanent repository, de-spite billions of dollars collected from elec-tric ratepayers for the project. Spent nuclear fuel continues to pile up at temporary sites around the country, and the ongoing prob-lem of permanent disposal is a drag on the potential of the nuclear power industry to meet our nation’s energy needs. There is only so long that our nation can continue to safely store this waste at temporary sites; now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That we urge the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Nu-clear Regulatory Commission to fulfill their obligation, as provided by law, to establish a permanent repository for high-level nuclear waste; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the Secretary of Energy, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, and the members of the Michi-gan congressional delegation. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 818. A bill to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 230). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 368. A resolution supporting efforts by the Government of Colombia to pursue peace and the end of the country’s enduring internal armed conflict and recognizing United States support for Colombia at the 15th anniversary of Plan Colombia. S. Res. 375. A resolution raising awareness of modern slavery. S. Res. 378. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the courageous work and life of Russian opposition leader Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov and renewing the call for a full and transparent investigation into the tragic murder of Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov in Moscow on February 27, 2015. S. Res. 383. A resolution recognizing the importance of the United States-Israel eco-nomic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 388. A resolution supporting the goals of International Women’s Day. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 392. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the prosecu-tion and conviction of former President Mohamed Nasheed without due process and urging the Government of the Maldives to take all necessary steps to redress this injus-tice, to release all political prisoners, and to ensure due process and freedom from polit-ical prosecution for all the people of the Maldives. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. *Coast Guard nomination of Rear Adm. Karl L. Schultz, to be Vice Admiral. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 2688. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. MANCHIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ): S. 2689. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to cel-lular therapies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2690. A bill to amend the Pittman-Rob-ertson Wildlife Restoration Act to modernize the funding of wildlife conservation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: S. 2691. A bill to require the Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration to establish a pilot program for the adoption and use of certified electronic health records technology; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2692. A bill to counter foreign disinformation and propaganda, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. ALEXANDER: S. 2693. A bill to ensure the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission allocates its resources appropriately by prioritizing com-plaints of discrimination before imple-menting the proposed revision of the em-ployer information report EEO–1, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. B LUNT ): S. 2694. A bill to ensure America’s law en-forcement officers have access to lifesaving equipment needed to defend themselves and civilians from attacks by terrorists and vio-lent criminals; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. PAUL: S. 2695. A bill to permit voluntary eco-nomic activity; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. PAUL: S. 2696. A bill to provide small businesses with a grace period for a regulatory viola-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 2697. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and the Portal-to-Por-tal Act of 1947 to prevent wage theft and as-sist in the recovery of stolen wages, to au-thorize the Secretary of Labor to administer grants to prevent wage and hour violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ): S. 2698. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain health arrangements from the excise tax on em-ployer-sponsored health coverage; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mr. B
ROWN ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.013 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1545 March 16, 2016 
S. 2699. A bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Schedule and other statu-tory pay systems and for prevailing rate em-ployees by 5.3 percent, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. Res. 401. A resolution designating March 22, 2016, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Coun-selors Appreciation Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. R
EID): S. Res. 402. A resolution to authorize testi-mony, documentary production, and rep-resentation in United States of America v. Chaka Fattah, Sr., et al; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for em-ployment duties performed in other States. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to un-dertake a concerted, transformative ef-fort that seeks to bring an end to mod-ern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 752 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 752, a bill to establish a scorekeeping rule to ensure that in-creases in guarantee fees of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac shall not be used to offset provisions that increase the deficit. 
S. 911 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. FEINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 911, a bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to issue an order with respect to secondary cockpit barriers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1252 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1252, a bill to authorize a comprehen-sive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition se-curity, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, im-prove nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resil-ience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1641 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1641, a bill to improve the use by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs of opioids in treating veterans, to improve patient advocacy by the De-partment, and to expand availability of complementary and integrative health, and for other purposes. 
S. 1944 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1944, a bill to require each agency to repeal or amend 1 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule. 
S. 2179 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2179, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain agreements with non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers if the Secretary is not feasibly able to provide health care in facilities of the Department or through contracts or sharing agree-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 2218 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2218, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fitness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 2403 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2403, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide a period for the relocation of spouses and dependents of certain members of the Armed Forces undergoing a permanent change of sta-tion in order to ease and facilitate the relocation of military families, and for other purposes. 
S. 2502 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. FISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2502, a bill to amend the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Ne-vada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-related or investment-re-lated boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2551 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2551, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and mass atrocities, which threaten national and international se-curity, by enhancing United States ci-vilian capacities to prevent and miti-gate such crises. 
S. 2621 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2621, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to genetically engineered food transparency and uniformity. 
S. 2630 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2630, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to re-quire certain disclosures be included on employee pay stubs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. RES. 140 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 140, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. 
S. RES. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 375, a resolution raising awareness of modern slavery. 
S. RES. 378 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 378, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the cou-rageous work and life of Russian oppo-sition leader Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov and renewing the call for a full and transparent investigation into the tragic murder of Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov in Moscow on February 27, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.017 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1546 March 16, 2016 
AMENDMENT NO . 3450 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3450 pro-posed to S. 764, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 401—DESIG-NATING MARCH 22, 2016, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL REHABILITATION COUN-SELORS APPRECIATION DAY’’ Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 401 Whereas rehabilitation counselors conduct assessments, provide counseling, support families, and plan and implement rehabilita-tion programs for individuals in need of re-habilitation; Whereas the purpose of professional orga-nizations for rehabilitation counseling and education is to promote the improvement of rehabilitation services available to individ-uals with disabilities through quality edu-cation for counselors and rehabilitation re-search; Whereas various professional organizations have vigorously advocated for up-to-date education and training and the maintenance of professional standards in the field of reha-bilitation counseling and education, includ-ing— (1) the National Rehabilitation Associa-tion; (2) the Rehabilitation Counselors and Edu-cators Association; (3) the National Council on Rehabilitation Education; (4) the National Rehabilitation Counseling Association; (5) the American Rehabilitation Coun-seling Association; (6) the Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification; (7) the Council of State Administrators of Vocational Rehabilitation; and (8) the Council on Rehabilitation Edu-cation; Whereas, on March 22, 1983, the president of the National Council on Rehabilitation Edu-cation testified before the Subcommittee on Select Education of the Committee on Edu-cation and Labor of the House of Representa-tives and was instrumental in bringing the need for qualified rehabilitation counselors to the attention of Congress; and Whereas rehabilitation counselors with credentials may provide a higher quality of service to individuals in need of rehabilita-tion and the development of accreditation systems for rehabilitation counselors sup-ports the continued education of such coun-selors: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 22, 2016, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Counselors Appreciation Day’’; and (2) commends— (A) rehabilitation counselors for the dedi-cation and hard work rehabilitation coun-selors provide to individuals in need of reha-bilitation; and (B) professional organizations for the ef-forts professional organizations have made to assist those individuals who require reha-bilitation. f SENATE RESOLUTION 402—TO AU-THORIZE TESTIMONY, DOCUMEN-TARY PRODUCTION, AND REP-RESENTATION IN UNITED STATES OF AMERICA V. CHAKA FATTAH, SR., ET AL Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. R
EID) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 402 Whereas, in the case of United States of America v. Chaka Fattah, Sr., et al. , Cr. No. 15– 346, pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsyl-vania, testimony may be needed from Sen-ator Robert P. Casey, Jr., relating to his offi-cial responsibilities; Whereas, by Rule VI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, no Senator shall absent him-self from the service of the Senate without leave; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may, by the judicial or administrative proc-ess, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(a) and 704(a)(2) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. §§288b(a) and 288c(a)(2), the Senate may direct its counsel to represent Members of the Senate with respect to any subpoena, order, or request for testimony re-lating to their official responsibilities; and Whereas, when it appears that evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may promote the administration of justice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr., is authorized to testify and to produce documents in the case of United States of America v. Chaka Fattah, Sr., et al. , except when his attendance at the Senate is nec-essary for the performance of his legislative duties, and except concerning matters for which a privilege should be asserted. S
EC. 2. The Senate Legal Counsel is author-ized to represent Senator Casey in connec-tion with the testimony authorized in sec-tion one of this resolution. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3455. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3450 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3456. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B URR (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1831, to establish the Commission on Evidence-Based Policy-making, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3455. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3450 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 4, strike line 17 and all that follows through page 5, line 4, and insert the following: ‘‘(D) require that, if a food is voluntarily labeled under this section, the label shall— ‘‘(i) clearly indicate to consumers that more information is available regarding the ingredients of the food; ‘‘(ii) contain an approved form of elec-tronic disclosure, such as a scannable image, code, Internet website link, or other similar technology, that provides direct access to in-formation regarding whether the food is— ‘‘(I) bioengineered; or ‘‘(II) developed or produced using bio-engineering; and ‘‘(iii) contain a telephone number that pro-vides direct access to information regarding whether the food is— ‘‘(I) bioengineered; or ‘‘(II) developed or produced using bio-engineering. Beginning on page 6, strike line 22 and all that follows through page 7, line 5, and insert the following: quently consumed labeled foods through means other than the label or labeling that— ‘‘(A) are clear and direct; and ‘‘(B) would allow consumers to access the information as described in section 293(b)(2)(D). On page 7, line 24, strike ‘‘70 percent’’ and insert ‘‘80 percent’’. On page 10, strike lines 1 through 9 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(ii) clear and direct means, other than the label or labeling, including— ‘‘(I) an approved form of electronic disclo-sure, such as a scannable image, code, Inter-net website link, social media, or other simi-lar technology, that provides direct access to information regarding whether the food is— ‘‘(aa) bioengineered; or ‘‘(bb) developed or produced using bio-engineering; and ‘‘(II) a telephone number that provides di-rect access to information regarding whether the food is— ‘‘(aa) bioengineered; or ‘‘(bb) developed or produced using bio-engineering. On page 13, strike line 19 and insert the fol-lowing: duced using genetic engineering. 
‘‘SEC. 296. NO PREEMPTION OF COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CAUSES OF ACTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle or subtitle E (or any regulation promulgated pursuant to this subtitle or subtitle E) preempts, displaces, or supplants— ‘‘(1) any common law right; or ‘‘(2) any Federal or State law creating a remedy for civil relief, including for civil damage or penalty for criminal conduct.’’. 
SA 3456. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. B
URR (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1831, to establish the Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Evidence- Based Policymaking Commission Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established in the executive branch a commission to be known as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.019 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1547 March 16, 2016 
‘‘Commission on Evidence-Based Policy-making’’ (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
SEC. 3. MEMBERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) N UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .—The Com-mission shall be comprised of 15 members as follows: (1) Three shall be appointed by the Presi-dent, of whom— (A) one shall be an academic researcher, data expert, or have experience in admin-istering programs; (B) one shall be an expert in protecting personally-identifiable information and data minimization; and (C) one shall be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or the Director’s designee). (2) Three shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, of whom— (A) two shall be academic researchers, data experts, or have experience in administering programs; and (B) one shall be an expert in protecting personally-identifiable information and data minimization. (3) Three shall be appointed by the Minor-ity Leader of the House of Representatives, of whom— (A) two shall be academic researchers, data experts, or have experience in administering programs; and (B) one shall be an expert in protecting personally-identifiable information and data minimization. (4) Three shall be appointed by the Major-ity Leader of the Senate, of whom— (A) two shall be academic researchers, data experts, or have experience in administering programs; and (B) one shall be an expert in protecting personally-identifiable information and data minimization. (5) Three shall be appointed by the Minor-ity Leader of the Senate, of whom— (A) two shall be academic researchers, data experts, or have experience in administering programs; and (B) one shall be an expert in protecting personally-identifiable information and data minimization. (b) E
XPERTISE .—In making appointments under this section, consideration should be given to individuals with expertise in eco-nomics, statistics, program evaluation, data security, confidentiality, or database man-agement. (c) C
HAIRPERSON AND CO-CHAIRPERSON .— The President shall select the chairperson of the Commission and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall select the co- chairperson. (d) T
IMING OF APPOINTMENTS .—Appoint- ments to the Commission shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (e) T
ERMS ; VACANCIES .—Each member shall be appointed for the duration of the Commis-sion. Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appoint-ment was made. (f) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Com-mission shall serve without pay. (g) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Each member of the Commission shall be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commis-sion. 
SEC. 4. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) S TUDY OF DATA.—The Commission shall conduct a comprehensive study of the data inventory, data infrastructure, database se-curity, and statistical protocols related to Federal policymaking and the agencies re-sponsible for maintaining that data to— (1) determine the optimal arrangement for which administrative data on Federal pro-grams and tax expenditures, survey data, and related statistical data series may be in-tegrated and made available to facilitate program evaluation, continuous improve-ment, policy-relevant research, and cost-ben-efit analyses by qualified researchers and in-stitutions while weighing how integration might lead to the intentional or uninten-tional access, breach, or release of person-ally-identifiable information or records; (2) make recommendations on how data in-frastructure, database security, and statis-tical protocols should be modified to best fulfill the objectives identified in paragraph (1); and (3) make recommendations on how best to incorporate outcomes measurement, institu-tionalize randomized controlled trials, and rigorous impact analysis into program de-sign. (b) CLEARINGHOUSE .—In undertaking the study required by subsection (a), the Com-mission shall— (1) consider whether a clearinghouse for program and survey data should be estab-lished and how to create such a clearing-house; and (2) evaluate— (A) what administrative data and survey data are relevant for program evaluation and Federal policy-making and should be in-cluded in a potential clearinghouse; (B) which survey data the administrative data identified in subparagraph (A) may be linked to, in addition to linkages across ad-ministrative data series, including the effect such linkages may have on the security of those data; (C) what are the legal and administrative barriers to including or linking these data series; (D) what data-sharing infrastructure should be used to facilitate data merging and access for research purposes; (E) how a clearinghouse could be self-fund-ed; (F) which types of researchers, officials, and institutions should have access to data and what the qualifications of the research-ers, officials, and institutions should be; (G) what limitations should be placed on the use of data provided; (H) how to protect information and ensure individual privacy and confidentiality; (I) how data and results of research can be used to inform program administrators and policymakers to improve program design; (J) what incentives may facilitate inter-agency sharing of information to improve programmatic effectiveness and enhance data accuracy and comprehensiveness; and (K) how individuals whose data are used should be notified of its usages. (c) R
EPORT .—Upon the affirmative vote of at least three-quarters of the members of the Commission, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a detailed state-ment of its findings and conclusions as a re-sult of the activities required by subsections (a) and (b), together with its recommenda-tions for such legislation or administrative actions as the Commission considers appro-priate in light of the results of the study. (d) D
EADLINE .—The report under sub-section (c) shall be submitted not later than the date that is 15 months after the date a majority of the members of the Commission are appointed pursuant to section 3. (e) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘administrative data’’ means data— (1) held by an agency or a contractor or grantee of an agency (including a State or unit of local government); and (2) collected for other than statistical pur-poses. SEC. 5. OPERATION AND POWERS OF THE COM-MISSION. 
(a) E XECUTIVE BRANCH ASSISTANCE .—The heads of the following agencies shall advise and consult with the Commission on matters within their respective areas of responsi-bility: (1) The Bureau of the Census. (2) The Internal Revenue Service. (3) The Department of Health and Human Services. (4) The Department of Agriculture. (5) The Department of Housing and Urban Development. (6) The Social Security Administration. (7) The Department of Education. (8) The Department of Justice. (9) The Office of Management and Budget. (10) The Bureau of Economic Analysis. (11) The Bureau of Labor Statistics. (12) Any other agency, as determined by the Commission. (b) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet not later than 30 days after the date upon which a majority of its members have been appointed and at such times thereafter as the chairperson or co-chairperson shall de-termine. (c) R
ULES OF PROCEDURE .—The chairperson and co-chairperson shall, with the approval of a majority of the members of the Commis-sion, establish written rules of procedure for the Commission, which shall include a quorum requirement to conduct the business of the Commission. (d) H
EARINGS .—The Commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. (e) C
ONTRACTS .—The Commission may con-tract with and compensate government and private agencies or persons for any purpose necessary to enable it to carry out this Act. (f) M
AILS.—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. (g) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property. 
SEC. 6. FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b) and the availability of appropriations— (1) at the request of the Director of the Census, the agencies identified as ‘‘Principal Statistical Agencies’’ in the report, pub-lished by the Office of Management and Budget, entitled ‘‘Statistical Programs of the United States Government, Fiscal Year 2015’’ shall transfer funds, as specified in ad-vance in appropriations Acts and in a total amount not to exceed $3,000,000, to the Bu-reau of the Census for purposes of carrying out the activities of the Commission as pro-vided in this Act; and (2) the Bureau of the Census shall provide administrative support to the Commission, which may include providing physical space at, and access to, the headquarters of the Bu-reau of the Census, located in Suitland, Maryland. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWFUNDING .—No addi- tional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for the Bureau of the Census or the agencies described in subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 7. PERSONNEL. 
(a) D IRECTOR .—The Commission shall have a Director who shall be appointed by the chairperson with the concurrence of the co- chairperson. The Director shall be paid at a rate of pay established by the chairperson and co-chairperson, not to exceed the annual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.023 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1548 March 16, 2016 
rate of basic pay payable for level V of the Executive Schedule (section 5316 of title 5, United States Code). (b) S
TAFF .—The Director may appoint and fix the pay of additional staff as the Director considers appropriate. (c) E
XPERTS AND CONSULTANTS .—The Com-mission may procure temporary and inter-mittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individ-uals which do not exceed the daily equiva-lent of the annual rate of basic pay for a comparable position paid under the General Schedule. 
SEC. 8. TERMINATION. 
The Commission shall terminate not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The 2016 Water Resources Development Act— Policies and Projects.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2016, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘DHS Management and Acquisition Reform.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on March 16, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing America’s Looming Fiscal Crisis: the Need for a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–G50 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Airland of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL  
INTEREST  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 16, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of High Levels of Immigration on U.S. Workers.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Deanna Mitch-ell, a National Park Service detailee in the office of Senator M
URKOWSKI , be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this calendar year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—S. RES. 377 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 12:45 p.m., Thursday, March 17, the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 375, S. Res. 377; further, that there be 1 hour of debate equally divided in the usual form; fur-ther, that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on adop-tion of the resolution with no inter-vening action or debate; finally, if adopted, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—S. 1890 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m., Monday, April 4, the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Cal-endar No. 355, S. 1890; further, that there be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form; further, that following the use or yielding back of time, the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate; further, if passed, that the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EVIDENCE-BASED POLICYMAKING COMMISSION ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 1831, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1831) to establish the Commis-sion on Evidence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Burr substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table, and any statements relating to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3456) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 1831), as amended, was passed. 
f 
CAPTAIN JOHN E. MORAN AND CAPTAIN WILLIAM WYLIE GALT ARMED FORCES RESERVE CEN-TER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 719 and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR6.023 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1549 March 16, 2016 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 719) to rename the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 719) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 719 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RENAMING OF THE ARMED FORCES RESERVE CENTER IN GREAT FALLS, MONTANA, AS THE CAPTAIN JOHN E. MORAN AND CAPTAIN WILLIAM WYLIE GALT ARMED FORCES RE-SERVE CENTER. 
(a) R ENAMING .—The Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, shall here-after be known and designated as the ‘‘Cap-tain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, map, regulation, map, document, paper, other record of the United States to the fa-cility referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. f 
NATIONAL REHABILITATION COUNSELORS APPRECIATION DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 401, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 401) designating March 22, 2016, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Counselors Appreciation Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 401) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING TESTIMONY, DOCU-MENTARY PRODUCTION, AND REPRESENTATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 402, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 402) to authorize tes-timony, documentary production, and rep-resentation in United States of America v. Chaka Fattah, Sr., et al. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this resolution concerns a criminal case pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Penn-sylvania involving Congressman C
HAKA  F
ATTAH , Sr., and others, including an individual named Herbert Vederman. The Department of Justice is seeking trial testimony from Senator B
OB C
ASEY about his office’s receipt of a letter of support from the Congressman regarding Mr. Vederman’s consider-ation for appointment to a high Fed-eral office. The government alleges that Con-gressman F
ATTAH conspired with Mr. Vederman to advocate for Mr. Vederman’s appointment in return for Mr. Vederman providing money and things of value to the Congressman. The indictment does not allege that any action was taken in response to this advocacy, and Mr. Vederman did not receive a nomination for any Fed-eral position. Senator C
ASEY is being called as a witness only because of the fact of his office’s receipt of this letter supporting Mr. Vederman. Senator C
ASEY would like to cooper-ate with the government’s request for his appearance at trial. Accordingly, consistent with the rules of the Senate and Senate practice, the enclosed reso-lution would authorize Senator C
ASEY  to testify and to produce documents at trial. The resolution would also au-thorize the Senate legal counsel to rep-resent Senator C
ASEY in connection with his testimony. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 402) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, March 17; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, until 12:45 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator L
ANKFORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, upon waking this morning, like a lot of other people did, I put on the news. About midway through the morning, about 7 a.m., a bulletin came out that the President had selected a nominee for the Supreme Court. Newsworthy. At about 7 a.m., the email came out that said: ‘‘I’ve made my decision.’’ At 7:07 this morning, White House Legislative Affairs circulated a notifi-cation to all those folks on Capitol Hill, including our office, from Presi-dent Obama that stated this fact: ‘‘We’ve reached out to every member of the Senate, who each have a responsi-bility to do their job and take this nomination just as seriously.’’ Well, this Senator thought that was very interesting because we hadn’t re-ceived a notification. At 7:14 a.m., 7 minutes later, the White House Legislative Affairs Office emailed my chief of staff with an at-tachment of the 7:07 a.m. email from the White House notifying that they had this. So when my counsel called over to the White House Counsel and said: You stated earlier this morning that you contacted our offices—‘‘you have reached out to us’’ was the term— they clarified later in the morning: Well, that email we sent after we said we contacted you was really the con-tact that we meant to send earlier. This was quite a morning for us. It is again the same doublespeak we re-ceived from the White House. When he said that they had reached out to all Members of the Senate, that actually means they had sent us an email after they had sent the American people an email saying they had made a decision. But even that email didn’t say who it was. Here is the challenge. It is a con-stitutional responsibility here, and it is extremely important that all of this is done right. It is extremely important that article I, the legislative branch, and that article II, the White House, agree on a Supreme Court nominee be-cause article I and article II select ar-ticle III judges to the Supreme Court. A month ago, the U.S. Senate—the Members of the majority party notified the White House and the American peo-ple that we wanted to follow the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.048 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1550 March 16, 2016 
historical precedent that has been fol-lowed for decades, saying that in an election year, we would not appoint someone to the Supreme Court. This is not a new policy; it is a policy that has been around for a very long time. In fact, in 1968, when Democrats had the Senate and a Democrat, LBJ, was in the White House, the Democrat, LBJ, wanted to be able to appoint a Supreme Court nominee, and Democrats in the Senate blocked someone from their own party from putting up a Supreme Court nominee because it was an elec-tion year, and they held it. It has hap-pened over and over again. In fact, it has been interesting, be-cause on this floor I heard numerous folks step up and say: This is unprece-dented. This is new. This has never happened before. The problem is that all of us know the history. It is the same history all of us look at. The Washington Post this morning even put out a piece identifying this basic issue. They occasionally do what has been called the Pinocchio test, and this morning they identified multiple different Democratic Senators who have spoken on this floor saying things such as ‘‘Republican Members met be-hind closed doors to unilaterally de-cide, without any input from this com-mittee, that this committee and the Senate as a whole will refuse to con-sider any nominee. It’s a dereliction of our constitutional duty.’’ Another statement: ‘‘The Senate shall advise and consent by voting on that nominee. That is what the plain language of the Constitution requires.’’ Over and over again this has come up. The Washington Post went back and researched and did an extensive piece detailing all the real history here of Supreme Court nominees, and they ended with this statement: ‘‘[But] the Senate majority can in effect do what it wants’’ to do, as it has historically, ‘‘unless it becomes politically uncom-fortable. Democrats who suggest other-wise are simply telling supporters a po-litically convenient fairy tale.’’ The Washington Post gave the Demo-crats who made all these statements about the Republicans doing something unprecedented in shutting down this process a whopping three Pinocchios in their test in the Washington Post this morning. This is not something new or radical; this is consistent. Quite frankly, the Constitution—article II, Section 2— sets up a 50/50 proposition for the selec-tion of Supreme Court Justices. The White House has the first 50 percent to make that nomination, and the Senate has the second 50 percent in that we have what is called advice and consent, and that is choosing the time and per-son in the process. Is this the right time to do this nominee? Is this nomi-nee the right person? That is advice and consent. It is not new for the White House and the Senate to disagree on this. George Washington couldn’t even get some of his nominees through the very first Senate, and he personally came over to the Senate, bringing his nominee, and said: I want my nominee to have a hearing. And the very first Senate, with the very first President—the very first Senate sent George Washington away and said: We are not going to hear it today. It is the wrong time and maybe the wrong person. We haven’t decided yet. This is an ongoing process. This Sen-ate has determined, as it has many times, that an election year is the wrong time to have a departing Presi-dent choose a Supreme Court nominee. As many folks have said over and over again, this is not only old history in the United States, it is recent his-tory. At that time, Senator B
IDEN, who was the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said on this floor in 1992: 
The Senate, too, Mr. President, must con-sider how it would respond to a Supreme Court vacancy that would occur in the full throes of an election year. It is my view that if the President goes the way of Presidents Fillmore and Johnson— 
Referring to LBJ— 
and presses an election year nomination, the Senate Judiciary Committee should seri-ously consider not scheduling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the political campaign season is over. It would be our pragmatic conclusion that once the political season is underway, and it is, action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election cam-paign is over. That is what is fair to the nominee and is central to the process. Other-wise, it seems to me, Mr. President, we will be in deep trouble as an institution. Others may fret that this approach would leave the Court with only eight members for some time, but as I see it, Mr. President, the cost of such a result, the need to reargue three or four cases that will divide the Jus-tices four to four, are quite minor compared to the cost that a nominee, the President, the Senate, and the Nation would have to pay for what would assuredly be a bitter fight, no matter how good a person is nomi-nated by the President, if that nomination were to take place in the next several weeks. 
Even Senator R EIDin 2005 said: 
The duties of the Senate are set forth in the U.S. Constitution. Nowhere in that docu-ment does it say the Senate has a duty to give Presidential appointees a vote. 
This is not new; it has just become politically expedient to bring this up. It is not even new in the media. It was interesting to be able to see a comment in the New York Times from 1987 when the New York Times wrote an editorial about what happens if a President in his final term wants to be able to ap-point a nominee with a Senate major-ity from the other party. Well, at that time in the previous election, the White House had a President who was a Republican, Ronald Reagan, and the Senate had changed over to the Demo-crats in the previous election. The New York Times wrote this about a Su-preme Court selection process: 
The President’s supporters insisted vehe-mently that having won the 1984 election, he has every right to change the Court’s direc-tion. Yes, but the Democrats won the 1986 election regaining control of the Senate, and they have every right to resist. That was true then for the New York Times, that is true now, and we will see if they stay consistent as a news-paper standing from the exact same principle decades later—not new, not different. The fact is, the Supreme Court is still working, still hearing cases, still going through the arguments, and still releasing opinions. Nothing has changed over there. The work is still continuing in the U.S. Senate. We are still hearing legislation. We are voting on legislation. We voted on a confirma-tion this week to the Department of Education. We are still working through nominations. We are still working through legislation. Nothing has changed on that. The decision was made that this Senate will not move during this election year. It is interesting. I had a telephone townhall this Monday with individuals across my State, with thousands of people on the line. We asked a simple question about what should happen in this process dealing with the Supreme Court—this is before a nominee was even announced—and 71 percent of the people on our calls said the next Presi-dent and the American people should choose who the next Supreme Court Justice will be. I will submit that we should allow the people to decide this, that when they decide the Presidential election this November, they are also deter-mining the direction of the Supreme Court in the days ahead. I don’t want us to lose track of the basic facts here, but I also want us to stay focused. This Senate cannot get distracted with bitter fighting over something that we resolved a month ago and that will remain resolved. We are not going to move. We have a lot of budget issues to deal with. We have appropriations bills that will come up in the days ahead. I would submit that one of the biggest things we can do in the Senate is to also re-form the budget process, to stay fo-cused on things that are really going to matter long term for us, because this issue with the Supreme Court is al-ready resolved. We need to find ways to be able to eliminate the budget gim-micks that are in the budget process to get a long-term view, to make sure there is not this playing with the sys-tem in this 10-year window, and to deal with biennial budgeting to get a better prediction of where we are going in the days ahead. We need to find a way to stop government shutdowns and the constant threats of government shut-downs because they do nothing but hurt us. These are things we can work on and work on together to keep us on focus. The Supreme Court issue is settled. It is not going to move. Let’s find the things that we can agree on, that we can work on, and continue to work on those things together. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.051 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1551 March 16, 2016 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:44 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, March 17, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: 
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
MERRICK B. GARLAND, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSO-CIATE JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES, VICE ANTONIN SCALIA, DECEASED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16MR6.053 S16MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE319 March 16, 2016 
BLEEDING DISORDERS AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, March 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of President Ronald Reagan’s one-time declaration of March 1986 as Hemophilia Awareness Month. The goal of Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month, as we now call it, is to augment aware-ness of hemophilia and all inheritable bleeding disorders, which unfortunately have no cure in sight. These incurable, hereditary disorders af-fect millions of Americans each day. Roughly 1 million Americans suffer from Von Willebrand disease (VMD), a genetic bleeding disorder which prevents blood from clotting properly due to a defective blood protein, and around 20,000 are affected by hemophilia, a rare genetic bleeding disorder that prevents blood from clotting properly—for people with hemophilia, a simple cut can be life-threat-ening. Consequently, treatment is costly; it in-volves life-long infusions of clotting factor therapies which serve as a replacement for missing or deficient blood clotting proteins. Although treatment for Americans affected by bleeding disorders can be costly, it has im-proved immensely. Given the tremendous ad-vances in treating hemophilia, with proper treatment and self-care, most people with he-mophilia can maintain an active, productive lifestyle. However, the costs of treatment for individuals with inherited bleeding disorders can still be improved with increased aware-ness, research, and education. For instance, the CDC Division of Blood Disorders conducts Hemophilia Treatment Center research and this research recently re-sulted in a more effective test for inhibitors, a complication of hemophilia. Medical innova-tions like this are made possible through ex-tensive research and are an effective means to reduce treatment costs and increase diag-noses for individuals with hemophilia and re-lated inherited blood issues. Awareness, re-search, and education are some of the most effective ways to improve care for Americans with inherited bleeding disorders and Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month helps elevate all three. 
f 
HONORING CSUCI PRESIDENT DR. RICHARD RUSH 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Dr. Richard R. Rush, a remarkable visionary and extraordinary lead-er in our community. Dr. Rush has served as the inaugural President of California State Uni-versity Channel Islands for the past 15 years, and has dedicated himself to higher education as both an educator and administrator for over 40 years. As the founding President of Cali-fornia State University Channel Islands, Dr. Rush played a vital role in the growth and de-velopment of Ventura County’s first four-year public university. Since his first day as President, Dr. Rush has sought to ensure that the students of Cali-fornia State University Channel Islands receive a world-class college education. Dr. Rush de-veloped programs that have positively shaped the identity and commitment of the university to students of all socioeconomic backgrounds. Thanks to his outreach to underserved stu-dents in the community, California State Uni-versity Channel Islands earned the federal designation of a Hispanic-Serving Institution. Furthermore, a cornerstone of Dr. Rush’s time at California State University Channel Is-lands has been building meaningful and sig-nificant partnerships throughout the commu-nity. From forging relationships with Cottage Hospital, which led to the expansion of the nursing program, to developing a cooperative agreement with the Channel Islands National Park, which began the establishment of the Santa Rosa Island Research Station, Dr. Rush has been a strong leader in creating local working partnerships that will continue on as his legacy. Acting as a collaborative relation-ship builder, he sought partnerships with busi-nesses in the community to ensure a strong curriculum and create greater learning oppor-tunities for students. Dr. Rush exemplifies true visionary leader-ship and is a treasure to our community. Throughout his lifetime dedication to higher education, Dr. Rush has been recognized with accolades regionally and nationally, including the National Association of Student Personnel Administrators’ President’s Award, the Cali-fornia State Student Association’s President of the Year Award, and the Distinguished Com-munity Leader Award from the Ventura County Leadership Academy. I graciously applaud Dr. Rush for his dedi-cation to California State University Channel Islands, and to Ventura County as a whole. It has been my great honor to work with Dr. Rush throughout the years. The legacy Dr. Rush has built extends past the university and well into the roots of our community. I thank him for being instrumental in creating an insti-tution of higher education in Ventura County that will educate generations to come. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, March 14 and Tuesday, March 15, I was unavoidably detained in my Congressional district. As a re-sult, I missed the following recorded votes: On roll call Number 111, passage of S. 2426, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 112, passage of House Concurrent Resolution 75. As a cosponsor, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 113, passage of House Concurrent Resolution 121. As a strong sup-porter, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ I am pleased that my colleagues in the House voted unanimously to condemn those who commit genocide against Christians, and call these actions exactly what they are, war crimes. It is my sincere desire that both houses of Congress and the President would speak and act with a unified voice against the atrocities that are being committed against Christians in the Middle East by the Islamic State and other terrorist organizations on a daily basis. On roll call Number 114, ordering the pre-vious question of House Resolution 640, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 115, agreeing to House Resolution 640, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 116, passage of H.R. 2081, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 117, passage of H.R. 3447, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 118, adoption of an amendment to H.R. 3797, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call Number 119, adoption of an amendment to H.R. 3797, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call Number 120, adoption of an amendment to H.R. 3797, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call Number 121, adoption of an amendment to H.R. 3797, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call Number 122, motion to recommit H.R. 3797 with instructions, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call Number 123, passage of H.R. 3797, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ f 
VETERANS WHO RETURN HOME WITH THE MENTAL WOUNDS OF WAR 
SPEECH OF  
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 15, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last year, Congress took an impor-tant step towards improving mental health services for our veterans. The Clay Hunt Sui-cide Prevention for American Veterans Act was a landmark, bipartisan effort that im-proved suicide prevention programs and men-tal health care at the Department of Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MR8.001 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE320 March 16, 2016 
Affairs (VA). I was proud to cosponsor and to vote in support of that legislation, but more needs to be done. You do not have to look hard to see the need for critical mental health care and serv-ices for our veterans. Among servicemembers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan, nearly 20% suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or depression, and during deployment, 18.5% report experiencing a traumatic brain injury (TBI). However, only 50% of servicemembers seek treatment. As a member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I am working tirelessly to help those returning from the battlefield who face these mental health challenges. Mr. Speaker, Congress can combat PTSD and TBI through greater awareness, preven-tion, and research. We can work with the VA and interested stakeholders to take common-sense steps to address staffing shortages, im-prove family support services, and increase access to services during non-business hours. Likewise, we need to allow our veterans the freedom to receive mental health care at non- VA facilities. We cannot allow bureaucracy to stand in the way of veterans receiving the crit-ical treatment and services they need. H.R. 1604, the Veterans Mental Health Care Ac-cess Act, introduced by Congressman M
AC- A
RTHUR , would do just that. I am proud to co-sponsor this legislation. Congressman Z
ELDIN has introduced H.R. 4513, the PFC Joseph P. Dwyer Veteran Peer Support Program, to provide 24/7 peer-to-peer mental health services for veterans, reservists, and National Guardsmen. Our men and women in uniform deserve a strong support system, and this is one way we can ensure they have a trusted sense of community whenever they need it. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on March 14, 2016, on Roll Call Number 111 on the Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass S. 2426, To direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organiza-tion, and for other purposes, I am not re-corded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on S. 2426. On March 14, 2016, on Roll Call Number 112 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Agree, as Amended, to H. Con. Res. 75, Ex-pressing the sense of Congress that those who commit or support atrocities against Christians and other ethnic and religious mi-norities and who target them specifically for ethnic or religious reasons, are committing, and are hereby declared to be committing, ‘‘war crimes’’, ‘‘crimes against humanity’’, and ‘‘genocide’’, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on H. Con. Res. 75. On March 14, 2016, on Roll Call Number 113 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Agree, as Amended, to H. Con. Res. 121, Ex-pressing the sense of the Congress con-demning the gross violations of international law amounting to war crimes and crimes against humanity by the Government of Syria, its allies, and other parties to the conflict in Syria, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on H. Con. Res. 121. f 
AN INFORMAL TREATISE ON IMMIGRATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Conor Devlin attends Thompkins School in Katy, Texas. The essay topic is: An Informal Treatise on Immigration. 
Something that has been plaguing my mind, most of western Europe, and this pres-idential cycle, is immigration. Initially, let me delineate ‘‘refugees’’ and economic mi-grants because many people, especially the authoritarian left, like to use a sweeping generalization and label them all refugees when they are clearly not. Refugees are peo-ple who are forced to leave their country due to war, extreme persecution and natural dis-asters. An excellent example would be the Kurds in northern Iraq, who are currently in battle with the Turks, ISIS, and Russia, and the middle eastern Christians who are being executed and forcibly converted by ISIS and Islamic regimes. These people are the em-bodiment of refugees; the Kurds are fleeing from war and persecution and the Christians are fleeing from extreme persecution and discrimination. On the other hand we have the economic migrants who are abandoning their countries and arriving at the border of Europe by the thousands. These, predomi-nately male muslims, have no desire to as-similate into Europe despite what many of Europe’s leaders may think, and they simply arrive wanting to receive benefits and free money from the European governments who seem all so willing to give them. The issue stems from the seemingly un-willingness on behalf of many leaders in the EU who simply do not want to be branded as racists for proposing the idea that intro-ducing a population of people who are an-tagonistic and loathe the European culture could possibly be a bad idea. The word rac-ism thus becomes the metaphorical boogeyman who all politicians seek to avoid as the ruinous label will practically cut short their career. With this in mind it is easily understandable why so many people seem to reject common sense when dealing with a crisis of such a scale as this. If they speak out they will be silenced and utterly destroyed by their supposed friends and their own media. An atmosphere of fear has al-lowed the migrant crisis to take hold of all of Europe and install a brand new culture of violence and danger—something not yet wit-nessed in the largely peaceful and safe con-tinent. Another reason the crisis is still occurring is due to politicians enthrallment with the idea of cultural relativism. Cultural rel-ativism is the idea that all cultures are seemingly equal ergo importing all of these middle eastern men will have no negative ef-fects on society because their culture, where women are gang raped beaten and killed, where gays are killed, and where followers of other religions are persecuted, is seemingly equal to egalitarian free western culture. But it is not, their culture is degenerate and incompatible with western culture. Censorship and cultural relativism are leading the way to a disastrous future in Eu-rope and in order to see what lies ahead for the US one would need to simply gaze across the pond at our embattled allies. f RECOGNIZING JAN TULK 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman A
NNAESHOO and I rise today to recognize Jan Tulk, who recently retired after 30 years of dedicated service with Law-rence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) and SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. After years of service at the California Coastal Commission, Jan began as LLNL’s first environmental attorney in 1985. In 1994, she was named Laboratory Counsel, man-aging a staff of 25 and offering advice and representation to senior managers on a wide range of complex legal issues. In 2001, Jan became Associate Director for Administration and Human Resources while also retaining her Laboratory Counsel position for another three years. In this new role she led a staff of about 340 employees fulfilling all of the lab’s personnel and administrative func-tions. In 2007, Jan was named Senior Advisor to the Director and Special Counsel—a member of the senior management team giving advice on a variety of issues while also providing support in environmental law and litigation. In 2012, Jan moved to SLAC to lead the Contract Management Group and the Re-search Partnership and Commercialization Of-fice. In 2013, she became the lab’s Chief of Staff, helping director Dr. Chi-Chang Kao work efficiently with SLAC staff and key stake-holders. She also played a major role in SLAC’s transformation over the last few years and, being one of the few female leaders in the Department of Energy national laboratory system, Jan championed diversity and inclu-sion in the lab. We rise today to recognize Jan Tulk’s dec-ades of service to these institutions which push our knowledge and our technology ever forward. She has been an invaluable asset, and we wish her the very best in her well- earned retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.001 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE321 March 16, 2016 
IN HONOR OF GEORGE E. NORCROSS III 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my brother, George E. Norcross III, on his 60th birthday. George is a longtime advocate for South Jersey, philanthropist, and a superb husband, father, son and older brother. George was born in Cooper University Hos-pital in Camden, the hospital he now leads as Chairman of the Board of Trustees. The oldest son of a labor leader and a home maker who later went on to work in social services, our parents, Carol and George E. Norcross, Jr., George has paved a path fundamentally his own. After briefly attending Rutgers-Camden, my brother received his real estate and insurance licenses and started his own company. That company known today as Conner Strong & Buckelew, has become one of the nation’s premier insurance, risk management and em-ployment benefits brokerage and consulting firms. But as successful as George has been in business, it has been his commitment to Cam-den and all of South Jersey that will be his de-fining legacy. As Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Cooper University Health Sys-tem and Cooper University Hospital in Cam-den, New Jersey, where he has been a trust-ee since 1990, George has lead the trans-formation of Cooper into a top-tier tertiary aca-demic medical center and launched the Coo-per Medical School of Rowan University and opened the MD Anderson Cooper Cancer Center. George and his wife, Sandy, serve as co-chairs of The Cooper Gala, the largest fundraising event in South Jersey each year. Through the Norcross Family Foundation, George is working to improve education for youth, funding research to help cure diseases, supporting the arts and culture, improving the community’s safety, and helping people with disabilities. The Norcross Foundation also partnered with KIPP to open the KIPP Cooper Norcross Academy and George has been a longtime benefactor of the Larc School in New Jersey, which serves children with disabilities. Accordingly, George has been honored with numerous awards for his contributions to the community including the Annual Champion of Children Award by the Camden Children’s Garden and the Tree of Life Award from the Jewish National Fund. In 2013 he was hon-ored by the New Jersey March of Dimes at the organization’s Born to Shine Gala, and he recently was awarded the 2015 Haas Regional Champion Medal by the United Way of Great-er Philadelphia and Southern New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my wife, Andrea, and with love from my brothers, John and Phil, I wish my oldest brother, George E. Norcross III, a happy birthday, congratulate him for a brilliant first 60 years, and hope he has many more to come. TWO TIME PURPLE HEART—J.H. HICKS HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, it is my honor to pay tribute to an American hero and longtime Texan: J.H. Hicks. J.H. served his country bravely during World War II, re-ceiving two Purple Hearts. He was born in Woodville, Oklahoma on January 10, 1922, but got to Texas as fast as he could—moving to Houston in 1927, at the age of 5, and set-tling in Spring Branch for the next 88 years. In 1941, J.H. graduated from Reagan High School, however, the months following his graduation would be anything but conven-tional. On December 8, 1941, one day after the at-tack on Pearl Harbor, Hicks bravely enlisted in the Marines at the age of 18. He was sent to basic training in California in 1942 and subse-quently deployed to the Pacific, where he served with the United States Marine Corps aviation unit, MAG–1, over the next 4 years. During his time with MAG–1, Hicks was com-missioned to a Marine Torpedo Bomber Squadron or a VMTB Aircraft. Flying with this VMTB Aircraft, Hicks fought in the Solomon Is-land Campaign, on Munda Island, and in the Battle of Guadalcanal in 1942. While fighting in the Battle of Guadalcanal, Hicks’s plane was intercepted by enemy com-batants and attacked. The attack resulted in his plane crashing in the jungle near the Munda airstrip. This crash left him with a bro-ken leg, 8 bullet wounds, and was labeled M.I.A. For two days, Hicks was missing in the jungle, wounded. After he was found, J.H. re-ceived a Purple Heart and a battlefield pro-motion to First Sergeant for his sacrifice. After four years with MAG–1, a Purple Heart, and a battlefield promotion to First Ser-geant, Hicks moved back to Houston where he lived for two years. After two years of job hunting, he decided to reenlist. The Marines were naturally his first choice, given his his-tory, but, when the Marines wouldn’t recognize his rank of First Sergeant upon reenlistment, he opted for the Air Force. While with the Air Force in 1945, J.H. fought in one of the most important battles of WWII, the battle of Oki-nawa. As a result of the battle, Hicks received his second Purple Heart. It is heroes like J.H. Hicks who remind us freedom isn’t free—remind us that day in and day out brave men and women put their lives on the line, and often sacrifice all, to protect our freedoms. Hicks’s loyalty, leadership, and patriotism is unparalleled and stands as a shining example to the type of people who call Texas home. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING MR. PAUL BONDERSON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Paul Bonderson, President of the Ducks Unlimited (DU) con-servation group, for his tireless commitment to educational and conservation initiatives in the State of California. Mr. Bonderson’s passion for wildlife and the environment began early in life, accompanying his father and grandfather on early-morning duck hunting trips throughout his childhood. As he put it, ‘‘I have always been an outdoor person. I have a great appreciation for the out-doors and am aware of how much it’s been destroyed.’’ A lifelong Californian, Mr. Bonderson graduated from Sacramento’s Encina Preparatory High School before attend-ing California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo. He began working with Ducks Unlimited in 2000, and became the group’s 43rd President in June 2015. From 2001 to 2006, Mr. Bonderson oversaw the acquisition of 2,500 acres of land in Butte County. The land had previously been used for rice production, but Mr. Bonderson has re-stored the property to its natural habitat. Today, the property—known as Birdhaven Ranch—is home to thousands of ducks, and provides invaluable wetlands educational op-portunities for local high school and college students. These conservation and education efforts are especially critical in California, which has lost over 95 percent of its historic wetlands. And as President of DU, he has set forth an admirably ambitious agenda: Mr. Bonderson hopes to raise $2 billion for water-fowl and wildlife conservation as part of the group’s ‘‘Rescue Our Wetlands—Banding To-gether for Waterfowl’’ campaign. Mr. Bonderson has also helped lead efforts to restore North America’s Boreal Forest. The forest, over one billion acres of pristine wildlife habitat, is home to 14 million ducks during breeding season, and is threatened by ex-panding energy, mining and agriculture sec-tors. In partnership with Pew Charitable Trusts, DU has permanently protected millions of acres of forest, aiming to eventually pre-serve at least 50 percent of all Boreal territory on the continent. Mr. Speaker, Paul Bonderson has worked tirelessly to preserve our nation’s natural beauty. His commendable efforts will ensure that our country’s pristine lands will be en-joyed by future generations, and it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Tuesday, March 15, 2016. I would like to show that, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call votes 114, 115, and 123. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121 and 122. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.005 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE322 March 16, 2016 
IN HONOR OF THE TOWN OF FLOR-ENCE ARIZONA’S 150TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize the historic Town of Florence, Ar-izona. Founded in 1866, Florence is one of the oldest European settlements in the state and is celebrating its 150th anniversary this year. Scenic Florence is home to many prominent geographical landmarks that contribute to Ari-zona’s picturesque beauty such as the Gila River, Box Canyon and the Casa Grande Ruins. Florence serves as the final resting place for the Father of Arizona, Charles D. Poston. Moreover, the town admirably pro-vides the state with employees for the nine correctional operations in Florence. It also serves as a connection point for three major transportation corridors in the state. Over time, Florence has developed a fanciful history as a model wild-west establishment. Its notable downtown, Old Silverbell copper Mine, and wonderfully preserved fuel Coke Ovens from the mid-nineteenth century attract visitors from all over. I would like to take the time to show my ap-preciation to the Town of Florence for their positive additions to Arizona through timeless beauty, employment, and state pride. Flor-ence’s distinctive history over the last 150 years contributes to the unique characteristics shared in the state of Arizona. It is my honor to serve the Town of Florence and wish them a happy 150th anniversary. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BRAIN INJURY CENTER OF VENTURA COUNTY 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, in conjunction with Brain Injury Awareness Month, I rise to recognize the Brain Injury Center of Ventura County, an organization wholeheartedly dedicated to raising aware-ness, providing support and resources to sur-vivors and caregivers impacted by brain injury. Beginning as a grassroots organization in 1995, the Brain Injury Center of Ventura County has grown into an outstanding network that supports an estimated 16,000 people liv-ing with traumatic brain injury in Ventura County, as well as thousands of stroke sur-vivors with acquired brain injuries. Through far-reaching and impactful commu-nity outreach efforts, the Brain Injury Center of Ventura County provides education and awareness about the organization’s programs, services and brain injury prevention informa-tion. In 2015 alone, the Brain Injury Center of Ventura County assisted more than 800 sur-vivors and caregivers to re-establish life after brain injury and develop strategies to build so-cial skills, as well as provide support to fami-lies and caregivers. Today, the Brain Injury Center of Ventura County is collaborating with community healthcare partners, including the Ventura County Medical Center’s Trauma Department, to launch the ‘‘Care Transitions Demonstration Project.’’ This initiative will allow the Brain In-jury Center of Ventura County to support se-vere brain injury survivors from the point of trauma through post hospital discharge. The Brain Injury Center of Ventura County also works diligently to provide information to pa-tients with mild to moderate brain injuries and concussions in emergency rooms. Moreover, the Brain Injury Center of Ventura County has helped caregivers develop strate-gies to meet their personal goals and deal with the challenges in the caregiver-survivor relationship. Some of the organization’s serv-ices and programs include support groups, courses in social skills and vocational skills, internships, and referral assistance for medical specialists, neuro assessments, counseling, rehabilitation, housing, transportation, employ-ment, financial planning, education and so much more. For the organization’s extensive history and work to improve the quality of life for all indi-viduals impacted by brain injury and their sig-nificant efforts and contributions to provide support, resources and awareness for brain in-jury survivors and caregivers throughout the region, I am honored to recognize the Brain Injury Center of Ventura County. f 
MAJORITY RULE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Claire Jeffress attends Dawson High School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: Major-ity Rule. 
While growing up and learning about the differences between right and wrong, one is often taught about being fair. When being first taught about the majority rule, I was told one uses the majority rule to be fair to all parties involved. Majority rule is defined as a political principle in which the greater percentage of people who share the same view should exercise greater power. Intu-itively this makes sense. If most people want to pick Joe to be President, then Joe should be President. However, we must make sure that Majority Rule does not become Major-ity Tyranny. Nazi Germany is an example of how devastating an impact a brainwashed majority can have on the very lives of a reli-gious minority. Majority rule should only be applied until the point that it infringes on the liberty of another. In America, one of the ways we have bal-anced majority rule with individual rights is that we have enshrined each person’s rights in our constitution. In many countries, if the majority does not like what you say, they can stop you from saying your point of view. Here, our right of free speech is protected by the constitution. Similarly, I am entitled to go to church and share my religious beliefs even if others feel differently. The majority is not allowed to vote away my right to speak my opinion or my right to exercise my beliefs. In many other countries, I can be thrown in jail just for sharing my views or going to a church that the majority doesn’t believe in. America balances the will of the majority with the rights of the individual by enshrining those rights in our Constitution. America also protects the individual by having checks and balances in our three branches of government. Venezuela is a good example of where majority rule can go wrong. The people of Venezuela elected Hugo Chavez as their leader. Unfortunately, it was an example of one person, one vote, one time. Mr. Chavez used his power of the ma-jority to steal and redistribute money from individuals to his majority. He also put many of his own people in the courts to en-sure that only his voting majority was pro-tected. People who disagreed with his poli-cies were jailed and had their property con-fiscated. In America, we have an independent Supreme Court and Congress that can over-ride the President if he tries to violate indi-vidual rights in our constitution. I cannot be punished just because I disagree with the President. Many people sometimes think of Democ-racy as a simple example of majority rule. This thinking is too simplistic. Our founding fathers realized that simple majority rule would just lead to another country torn apart by a tyranny of the majority. They en-sured individual liberties were protected through our Constitution and three branches of government. Once the individual was pro-tected, the majority could determine our policies and direction. f TRIBUTE TO AIR FORCE 2ND LIEU-TENANT ESTEBAN HOTESSE, TUSKEGEE AIRMAN, DOMINICAN- AMERICAN 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, as Dominican- Americans across our great nation celebrated their heritage and their compatriots commemo-rated Dominican Independence Day on Feb-ruary 27th, 2016. Today I rise to posthumously honor and pay tribute to Tuskegee Airman Second Lieutenant Esteban (Stephen) Hotesse (Service Number 32218759). Esteban Hotesse, a Dominican native who immigrated to the country as a child, enlisted during World War II, and served in the lauded Tuskegee Airmen brigade. Though his team was scheduled to go into battle, they never saw combat abroad. As a member of the all- black unit, Hotesse was among a group of 101 Tuskegee Airmen officers arrested for refusing to follow Jim Crow orders from a white com-manding officer at a base near Seymour, Indi-ana, where the KKK had a strong presence. In March 1945, the last of the Tuskegee groups, the 477th Medium Bombardment Group, was moved from Godman Field, adja-cent to Fort Knox, to Freeman Field because of the latter’s better flight facilities. Tensions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.008 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE323 March 16, 2016 
between the 477th and the white command structure on the base were tense as soon as the 477th arrived, and shortly thereafter, an in-cident occurred unparalleled in Air Corps his-tory. Upon their arrival at Freeman, the com-manding officer of the base, Colonel Robert R. Selway, moved quickly to set up and enforce a segregated system. The group was housed in a dilapidated building. Col. Selway also cre-ated a novel system to deny the Airmen entry into the officers’ club. He classified the Black airmen as ‘‘trainees,’’ even though they had all finished flight school, and therefore were all commissioned officers. As trainees, they were forced to use a rundown, former noncommis-sioned officers club nicknamed ‘‘Uncle Tom’s Cabin.’’ This all occurred despite an order issued in 1940 issued by President Roosevelt himself that no officer should be denied ac-cess to any officer’s club. On April 5, 1945 a group of the Airmen peacefully entered the of-ficers’ club in protest. Sixty-one were arrested within 24 hours. This act of disobedience later became known as the Freeman Field Mutiny. Hotesse perished later that year in an acci-dental plane crash. His obituary in a Domini-can newspaper lists his cause of death as a B–25 crash in the Ohio River in Indiana. Esteban (Stephen) Hotesse was born on February 2, 1919 in Moca, Dominican Repub-lic, and he came to the U.S. at the age of 4 with his mother, Clara Pacheco, who at the time was 25 years old. Hotesse was also ac-companied by his sister Irma Hotesse, age 2. They came through the famous port of Ellis Is-land and, like many Dominicans at the time, went to live in my Congressional District within Upper Manhattan. At the time of his enlist-ment, he was living with his wife, Iristella Lind, who was Puerto Rican. They applied for U.S. citizenship in April 1943 after he’d served al-most a year. The couple had two daughters before he enlisted. Today, one of his daugh-ters, Mary Lou Hotesse, resides in New York City and two granddaughters, one named Iris Rivera, live in the South. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our distin-guished colleagues join me in paying tribute to one of our nation’s heroes. In life, he immi-grated to our shores to join ranks with our mili-tary force in the advancement of peace, jus-tice, and freedom here and abroad. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, March 15, 2016, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: on roll call no. 118, NAY. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on March 15, I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on Numbers 114, 115, 116, 117, and 123 and voted ‘‘NAY’’ on Numbers 118, 119, 120, 121, and 122. f 
SYRIAN IMMIGRATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Cameron Lavine attends George Ranch High School in Richmond, Texas. The essay topic is: Select an important event that has oc-curred in the past year and explain how that event has changed/shaped our country. 
Throughout history, the United States has been a beacon of hope for immigrants around the world. Beginning in the early 1700’s, when the first of the Scots-Irish immigrants came to America, we have generally been ex-tremely welcoming to foreigners, even if we did not necessarily want them. The Scots- Irish, more specifically the Paxton Boys, caused many problems for Americans and Native Americans, yet, despite the danger they presented to society, the Scots-Irish were still allowed to enter the United States. Then, in the mid-1800’s, there was a wave of Irish immigrants because of the famine and there was a wave of Chinese immigrants into America. Although Chinese immigration was later on restricted, people were still allowed to enter this country. There are many other groups of people who have been able to seek refuge in the United States as well, and the latest asylum seekers are the Syrians who have been displaced by the poverty and vio-lence that resulted from a civil war. How-ever, instead of opening our arms and pro-viding assistance to those in need as we have done in the past, many people want to close off the United States. The number of Syrian refugees has in-creased severely over the past year, creating a large burden on European and Middle East-ern nations such as Greece, Germany, and Turkey. Many of these countries are calling upon the United States to take action since they are the current hegemonic power. How-ever, a majority of American politicians be-lieve that we should ignore that call. This humanitarian crisis has turned into an eth-ical dilemma: Should the United States ac-cept the Syrian refugees who are trying to escape poverty and violence despite the po-tential dangers, or should we close our doors in order to protect national security? This event has really sent the traditional belief that the United States is safe haven for any-one trying to escape persecution, violence, and poverty into a tailspin. For the first time, the U.S. is considering turning its back on those in need, a direct contrast to past events where America was a willing safe- haven for those seeking asylum. HONORING JOHN AND DENISE KURTZ OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I’d like to honor John and Denise Kurtz on their retire-ment after more than 62 years of combined Federal service to the United States of Amer-ica. With 32 years of service, John began his Federal Government career as a GS–1 Clerk Typist with the United States Army Logistics Evaluation Agency. He rose through the ranks primarily working in financial operations and concluding his career as Director, DLA Fi-nance Distribution. Through his financial acu-men, I understand he was instrumental to the success and execution of the Defense Man-agement Review Decision 902, as well as, nu-merous Base Realignment and Closure and A–76 actions. Always committed to continuous process improvement and stewardship excel-lence, John shared his innovative ideas and proactively developed financial solutions that enabled DLA Distribution to provide premiere distribution support to the Department of De-fense and other government agencies. With 30 years of service, Denise began her Federal Government career as a Payroll Clerk, GS–3, with the Defense Depot Mechanicsburg and rose through various diverse assignments, concluding her career as Acting Director, Dis-tribution Policy and Processing at Defense Lo-gistics Agency Distribution. Denise was instru-mental in spearheading major initiatives inte-gral to the organization’s Inventory Integrity and Stock Readiness Programs, while regu-larly seeking opportunities to improve proc-esses and procedures ensuring that the orga-nization provided effective, efficient and best value logistics solutions to our Nation’s mili-tary. From the beginning of their careers, the Kurtz’s exhibited professionalism and devotion to duty—the standard by which all civil serv-ants are to be measured. On behalf of the people of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District, it’s with great pride that I congratulate John and Denise Kurtz on their retirement after more than 62 years of combined service to the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOHN BILLINGSLEY 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the honoring of John Billingsley, a founder and Chief Executive Officer of Tri Global Energy, in the Dallas Business Jour-nal’s ‘‘2015 Who’s Who in Energy.’’ Mr. Billingsley has worked in a variety of industries including commercial real estate, banking, and manufacturing. However with Tri Global En-ergy, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, his focus is on wind power in Texas. Mr. Billingsley was born south of Lubbock, Texas on a cotton farm and attended college at Texas Tech University where he graduated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.010 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE324 March 16, 2016 
with a Bachelor of Business Administration with a major in Accounting. Among other ad-mirable ventures, he co-founded a CPA firm, Johnson Kubica & Co. that later merged into Arthur Young, and served as Chairman of the Board and President of the Western State Bank of Midland. Billingsley founded Tri Global Energy in Jan-uary of 2009 when a few wind developers ap-proached him asking to lease his land. Tri Global Energy now leases land in Texas to a renewable energy developers and has be-come a solar energy developer and provider as well. The company’s ‘‘Wind Force Plan’’ al-lows for ownership and partnership for land-owners, stakeholders, and local communities who are involved in their wind projects—cre-ating a strong community within the company. Tri Global Energy is now the top developer of wind energy projects in Texas, and reflects the growing diversity of energy production in the state of Texas. Billingsley has wind gen-eration projects under development in Texas and New Mexico that could potentially produce some 6,600 megawatts of power when they become fully operational. He has proven him-self to be a valuable member of the North Texas business community and leading en-ergy entrepreneur in the state of Texas, and I am honored to recognize him as a constituent of my district. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the career of John Billingsley. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in cele-brating this milestone in his remarkable life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF VIVIEN HAIG 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the achievements and contributions of my good friend Vivien Haig as she steps down from her position as director-general of the Transatlantic Policy Network. Over the years, Vivien has encouraged international cooperation through her work with the Transatlantic Policy Network (TPN), the Transatlantic Business Dialogue, the At-lantic Council, the Global Business Dialogue on Electronic Commerce, and the Hong Kong—Europe Business Cooperation Com-mittee. Vivien has served as director-general of TPN since its founding in 1992. A natural communicator with experience in non-profit entrepreneurship, Vivien understood TPN’s potential to strengthen the transatlantic part-nership and worked diligently to turn TPN into a highly effective network with a reputation for getting things done. She focuses on bringing together business leaders, think tank contribu-tors, and elected officials for constructive dia-logue on policy issues important to both sides of the Atlantic. Another example of Vivien’s leadership is the annual success of TPN’s Transatlantic Week in Washington, DC. Each year, Trans-atlantic Week has been an unprecedented op-portunity to engage in candid conversations with policy leaders at the highest level. Vivien played an invaluable role in convening a di-verse group of people dedicated to the suc-cess of our transatlantic partnership. Partici-pants appreciate the chance to dive into timely discussions with Members of Congress, Mem-bers of European Parliament, industry leaders, and prominent officials such as U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman, former World Bank President Robert B. Zoellick, EU Ambas-sador to the U.S. David O’Sullivan, U.S. Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman, and many more. Leaders around the world have commended Vivien for her capacity to build relationships based on trust and mutual understanding. Re-gardless if Vivien holds an official position or provides informal advice, anyone who has worked with Vivien knows they can rely on her quick wit, attention to detail, and practical ap-proach to develop innovative ideas. It is no surprise the European American Business Council honored Vivien by naming her as the 2008 private sector recipient of the Atlantic Leadership Award. Her innate ability to bring people together will continue to reap benefits for the transatlantic relationship in years to come. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor and re-spect that I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Vivien Haig and her many con-tributions to the U.S.-European partnership. Most importantly, I want to personally thank Vivien for her friendship over the years. We would not be where we are today without your vision and leadership. f 
HONORING MR. KENNETH H. HOFMANN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Kenneth Hofmann, owner of the Rancho Esquon Wildlife Area and wetlands steward par excellence, for his commitment to community development and wildlife preservation. Mr. Hofmann, a lifelong Californian, has spent most of the past three decades working to promote philanthropy, educational and artis-tic initiatives, and wildlife conservation. In 1990, Mr. Hofmann purchased Rancho Esquon, a sprawling agricultural property in Butte County, and began working to restore its natural habitat. Today, the ranch boasts over 900 acres of wetlands, is home to more than 20,000 trees and 173 species of birds, and serves as a valuable educational resource. Over 4,000 students have taken class field trips to Rancho Esquon, many of whom have returned to visit the site’s egg salvage facility. Today, to further expose and educate re-garding the importance of our wetlands, Mr. Hofmann is in the process of building the Pa-cific Flyway Center, a world-class museum and zoo facility in Suisun Marsh. The Center is dedicated to inspiring conservation of the Pacific Flyway, a critical migratory route stretching from Alaska to Patagonia. Every year, at least one billion birds migrate along the Flyway, and its importance to waterfowl populations cannot be overstated. Upon com-pletion, the Center will offer educational oppor-tunities for local students and citizens. Mr. Hofmann’s charitable organization, The Hofmann Family Foundation (HFF), has worked for over 20 years to help young people in need. In 1995, a $1 million donation from the HFF created the Concord Community Youth Center, which today provides edu-cational and athletic opportunities for 1,900 underprivileged young people. And in 2014, Mr. Hofmann donated funds to create the De La Salle Academy, a division of De La Salle High School dedicated to providing high-qual-ity education for boys whose financial cir-cumstances would otherwise prevent private schooling. By the end of 2016, the Academy will have 80 students enrolled in the fifth and sixth grades. Mr. Speaker, Kenneth Hofmann has dedi-cated his time and resources for nearly 40 years to enriching the lives of California’s young people and protecting its environment. Mr. Hofmann’s efforts have benefitted our community enormously, and it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
ELUSIVE CRIME WAVE DATA SHOWS FRIGHTENING TOLL OF ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT CRIMINALS 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following: 
[From FoxNews.com, Sept. 16, 2015] E
LUSIVE CRIME WAVE DATA SHOWS FRIGHT -
ENING TOLL OF ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT CRIMI-
NALS  (By Malia Zimmerman) The federal government can tell you how many ‘‘Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Is-landers’’ stole a car, the precise number of ‘‘American Indian or Alaska Natives’’ who were arrested for vagrancy or how many whites were busted for counterfeiting in any given year. But the government agencies that crunch crime numbers are utterly un-able—or unwilling—to pinpoint for the pub-lic how many illegal immigrants are ar-rested within U.S. borders each year. In the absence of comprehensive data, FoxNews.com examined a patchwork of local, state and federal statistics that re-vealed a wildly disproportionate number of murderers, rapists and drug dealers are crossing into the U.S. amid the wave of hard- working families seeking a better life. The explosive figures show illegal immigrants are three times as likely to be convicted of murder as members of the general popu-lation and account for far more crimes than their 3.5-percent share of the U.S. population would suggest. Critics say it is no accident that local, state and federal governments go to great lengths to keep the data under wraps. ‘‘There are a lot of reasons states don’t make this information readily available, and there is no clearinghouse of data at high lev-els,’’ said former Department of Justice at-torney J. Christian Adams, who has con-ducted exhaustive research on the subject. ‘‘These numbers would expose how serious the problem is and make the government look bad.’’ Adams called illegal immigrant crime a ‘‘wave of staggering proportions.’’ He and other experts noted that the issue has been dragged into the spotlight by a spate of cases in which illegal immigrants with criminal records killed people after being released from custody because of incoherent proce-dures and a lack of cooperation between local and federal law enforcement officials. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.015 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE325 March 16, 2016 
The murders, including the July 1 killing of Kathryn Steinle, allegedly by an illegal im-migrant in San Francisco, have left grieving loved ones angry and confused, local and fed-eral officials pointing fingers at one another and the voting public demanding secure bor-ders and swift deportation of non-citizen criminals. ‘‘Every one (of the recent cases) was pre-ventable through better border security and enforcing immigration laws,’’ said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies. ‘‘They should have been sent back to their home country instead of being allowed to stay here and have the opportunity to kill Ameri-cans.’’ A spokesperson for U.S. Customs and Im-migration Enforcement told FoxNews.com that comprehensive statistics on illegal im-migrant crime are not available from the federal government, and suggested con-tacting county, state and federal jail and prison systems individually to compose a tally, a process that would encompass thou-sands of local departments. FoxNews.com did review reports from im-migration reform groups and various govern-ment agencies, including the U.S. Census Bu-reau, U.S. Sentencing Commission, Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, the Govern-ment Accountability Office, the Bureau of Justice Statistics and several state and county correctional departments. Statistics show the estimated 11.7 million illegal immi-grants in the U.S. account for 13.6 percent of all offenders sentenced for crimes committed in the U.S. Twelve percent of murder sen-tences, 20 percent of kidnapping sentences and 16 percent of drug trafficking sentences are meted out to illegal immigrants. There are approximately 2.1 million legal or illegal immigrants with criminal convic-tions living free or behind bars in the U.S., according to ICE’s Secure Communities of-fice. Each year, about 900,000 legal and ille-gal immigrants are arrested, and 700,000 are released from jail, prison, or probation. ICE estimates that there are more than 1.2 mil-lion criminal aliens at large in the U.S. In the most recent figures available, a Gov-ernment Accountability Office report titled, ‘‘Criminal Alien Statistics,’’ found there were 55,000 illegal immigrants in federal pris-on and 296,000 in state and local lockups in 2011. Experts agree those figures have almost certainly risen, although executive orders from the Obama administration may have changed the status of thousands who pre-viously would have been counted as illegal immigrants. Hundreds of thousands of illegal immi-grant criminals are being deported. In 2014, ICE removed 315,943 criminal illegal immi-grants nationwide, 85 percent of whom had previously been convicted of a criminal of-fense. But that same year, ICE released onto U.S. streets another 30,558 criminal illegal immigrants with a combined 79,059 criminal convictions including 86 homicides, 186 kidnappings, and thousands of sexual as-saults, domestic violence assaults and DUIs, Vaughan said. As of August, ICE had already released at least 10,246 criminal aliens. David Inserra, a policy analyst for Home-land Security and Cybersecurity at The Her-itage Foundation, said letting illegal immi-grants convicted of crimes go free while they await deportation hearings is putting the public at risk. ‘‘While it is not certain how many of these individuals were here illegally, most of these individuals were in deportation proceedings and should have been detained or at least more closely supervised and monitored until their deportation order was finalized and ex-ecuted,’’ Inserra said. Adams opened a rare window into the dearth of public data when he obtained an in-ternal report compiled by the Texas Depart-ment of Public Safety and revealed its con-tents on his Pajamas Media blog. The report showed that between 2008 and 2014, nonciti-zens in Texas—a group that includes illegal and legal immigrants—committed 611,234 crimes, including nearly 3,000 homicides. Adams told FoxNews.com that other states have also closely tracked illegal immigrant crime, especially in the wake of 9/11, but said the statistical sorting ‘‘is done behind closed doors.’’ States closely guard the statistics out of either fear of reprisals from the fed-eral government or out of their leaders’ own insistence on downplaying the burden of ille-gal immigrant crime, he said. ‘‘There are a lot of reasons states don’t make this information readily available and there is no clearinghouse of data at high lev-els,’’ Adams said. ‘‘These numbers would ex-pose how serious the problem is and make the government look bad.’’ A smattering of statistics can be teased out of data made public in other states heav-ily impacted by illegal immigration, al-though a full picture or apples-to-apples comparison remains elusive. In Florida, there were 5,061 illegal immi-grant inmates in state prison facilities as of June 30, but neither the state Department of Corrections nor the Florida Department of Law Enforcement track the number in coun-ty prisons, spokesmen for those agencies told FoxNews.com. In Illinois, where state prisons house 46,993 inmates, some 3,755 are illegal immigrants, according to Illinois Department of Correc-tions figures. Once again, state officials do not compile figures for county jails, al-though a Cook County official estimated that nearly 6 percent were illegal immi-grants. In Arizona, neither state public safety offi-cials nor the governor’s office could produce figures showing the number of criminal ille-gal immigrants held in county jails, but state prison figures released by the Arizona Department of Corrections show out of 42,758 prisoners held in state facilities in July, about 10.8 percent were illegal immigrants. In California, there were 128,543 inmates in custody as of Aug. 12, but the state, which has been criticized for its leniency toward il-legal immigrants, no longer keeps track of the citizenship status of inmates. As of July 31, 2013, the last time figures were docu-mented, there were as many as 18,000 ‘‘for-eign-born’’ citizens in California state pris-ons of 133,000 incarcerated. The Board of State and Community Corrections provided figures to Fox News from 2014, showing there were 142,000 inmates in 120 county prisons, but while everything from mental health cases to dental and medical appointments are closely tracked, the number of illegal aliens—or even non citizens—is not. ‘‘Frankly, this is something every state should track, but they don’t. Not even ICE publishes this much information on offenders and immigration status,’’ Vaughan said. Several pro-immigration groups contacted by FoxNews.com declined to comment on the outsize role illegal immigrants play in the U.S. criminal justice system. One group that did insisted that even illegal immigrants provide a net benefit to the U.S. ‘‘Immigrants, regardless of their legal sta-tus, make valuable contributions to our economy as workers, business owners, tax-payers and consumers,’’ said Erin Oshiro, of Asian Americans Advancing Justice. ‘‘We need an immigration system that keeps fam-ilies together, protects workers, and prioritizes due process and human rights.’’ SAME-SEX MARRIAGE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Connor Cerda attends Seven Lakes High School in Katy, Texas. The essay topic is: Se-lect an important event that has occurred in the past year and explain how that event has changed/shaped our country. 
On June 26, 2015, the Supreme Court ruled that state level bans on same-sex marriage was unconstitutional. It also ruled that the denial of same-sex marriage licenses and the refusal to preform same-sex marriages was no longer allowed. This has been a very con-troversial topic for decades and through this ruling, it truly showed where America as a country is heading. In the eyes of Christians and pastors around the U.S., this ruling spat in God’s face and in the founding fathers’ faces of this great nation. They founded this nation on the teachings of the Bible, but every genera-tion since has fallen away. The Bible specifi-cally describes marriage as the unity of man and woman and that is what it was intended to be for all of eternity. Christians, by no means, hate homosexuals or those who prac-tice same-sex marriage; but rather, Chris-tians hate the practice of it. It breaks the hearts of Christ followers to see people fall into this sin and false illusion that this prac-tice is okay. As for pastors, this ruling is even more troubling to them. They are now under pressure from the public to perform these marriage ceremonies and recognize these same-sex couples even though it goes against all that they stand for and believe in. However, those who refuse often face harsh public criticism. On a religious stand-point, this ruling has affected the relation-ship between church and state. Although separate, it is hard to trust a government to protect one’s religious rights if they make decisions that directly oppose what this country was so proudly founded upon and what people strongly believe in. This nation was founded on strong and bold principles that not many countries share. The fact that the U.S. is changing these principles is disturbing. And for what ben-efit? There is no clear reason or purpose to pass this ruling besides it was what a group of people wanted and the U.S. government gave in. There is no positive outcome or ben-efit that has been reaped from this ruling. It is scary to think about what other principles this nation is willing to sacrifice. If any-thing, it created a gap between the citizens of this nation and the country as a whole. A certain level of trust was lost that will be ex-tremely hard to gain back. It also creates a messed up view from the perspectives of other countries. They look at the U.S. and see a screwed up society that believes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.018 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE326 March 16, 2016 
marrying the same sex is okay and a given right to people. This country is socially going down hill through the decisions made by the government and the people and this ruling was just another step towards this fall. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE EMER-GENCY FINANCIAL MANAGER RE-FORM ACT OF 2016 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, the Emer-gency Financial Manager Reform Act of 2016 is intended to ensure that state-appointed emergency financial managers for municipali-ties in fiscal distress do not violate Constitu-tional protections, ensure public health and safety, and are accountable stewards of tax-payer funds. The bill responds to problems presented when unaccountable emergency fi-nancial managers usurp local elected officials and unilaterally make decisions that jeopardize public health and safety. Across our Nation, there are many cities in financial distress still struggling to recover from the Great Recession and other factors undermining their economic recovery. While most states work cooperatively with their cities to foster economic stability and growth, others such as my home state of Michigan, use dra-conian, autocratic laws that usurp local elected officials and replace them with unaccountable political appointees—typically known as emer-gency financial managers—who, through their vast powers, can jeopardize the health and safety of those who live and work in these struggling cities. In Michigan, for example, the root cause of the hazardous condition of Flint’s lead-con-taminated drinking water and the Detroit Pub-lic School System’s buildings is the unac-countable emergency financial managers ap-pointed by our Governor, Rick Snyder. This law and its implementation threaten not only our citizens’ health and safety, but our funda-mental Constitutional values and principles. In addition, extreme emergency financial manager laws frequently facilitate conflicts of interest and mismanagement and can be used to contravene important federal and state con-stitutional protections for collective bargaining agreements. They can authorize emergency fi-nancial managers to unilaterally reject collec-tive bargaining agreements and other contrac-tual obligations and thereby negate years of hard earned worker pension benefits. These are not just problems in Michigan, as it has been suggested that Atlantic City, which is also in financial distress, be taken over by an unaccountable emergency financial manager with broad powers similar to those available in Michigan. The Emergency Financial Manager Reform Act responds to these serious concerns by au-thorizing the Attorney General to reallocate five percent of the law enforcement funds that would otherwise be allocated to a state under the Edward Byrne Justice Assistance Grant Program (Byrne–JAG), which provides funding to states for law enforcement purposes, if it is determined that the state appointed emer-gency financial manager violates any one of seven common sense safeguards: Protection Against Discriminatory Impact on Voting—This provision requires the state that has appointed an emergency financial man-ager to submit a certification to the Attorney General (and every 18 months after such ap-pointment if the tenure of the emergency fi-nancial manager continues beyond such pe-riod) that the appointment: (A) has neither the purpose nor the effect of denying, abridging, or diluting the right to vote on account of race or color; and (B) the community for which the emergency financial manager is sought to be appointed has had an opportunity to comment, on the impact of such appointment may have on voting rights. Protection Against States Ignoring Adverse Impacts on Voting Rights—This provision re-quires the Attorney General to receive copies of all public comments submitted in response to the notice required above and to interpose an objection to the certification. Protection Against Harm to Public Health and Safety—This provision requires the emer-gency financial manager before making deci-sions affecting public health or safety, includ-ing the disbursement of any emergency funds provided by any federal or state entity for the purpose of addressing lead or other contami-nation of drinking water in a public water sys-tem, to receive prior approval from the gov-ernor and local elected officials. Protection Against Conflicts of Interest, Mis-management, and Abuse of Discretion—This provision requires the emergency financial manager to have adequate oversight to en-sure against conflicts of interest, mismanage-ment, and abuse of discretion. Protection Against Unilateral Rejection of Other Contracts—This provision provides that the emergency financial manager may not re-ject, modify, or terminate an existing contract without mutual consent or unless such rejec-tion, modification, or termination is approved by a federal bankruptcy court. Protection Against Rejection of Collective Bargaining Agreements—This provision pro-vides that the emergency financial manager may not reject, modify, or terminate a collec-tive bargaining agreement without mutual con-sent of the parties. Protection Against the Failure to Provide Public Notice and Opportunity to Comment— This provision ensures that the public—before an emergency financial manager is ap-pointed—is provided notice and the oppor-tunity to comment on whether the appointee has any conflicts of interest, whether he or she has the requisite experience and financial acumen, and whether the appointee is em-powered to propose sources of financial as-sistance, such as loans, grants and revenue sharing. The public must also be given the name of a state official designated to received complaints from the public about the ap-pointee’s conflicts of interest, mismanagement, or dereliction of duty. The objective of the legislation is not to deny Byrne–JAG grant funds, but rather to incentivize the states to protect their citizens against these risks and abuses when emer-gency financial managers are appointed. How-ever, if in the event the finds are withheld, they are directly reallocated to the local gov-ernment for which an emergency financial manager is appointed. We can and must stand together to make sure that the unaccountable emergency finan-cial managers responsible for these man- made disasters—and the legal system that empowered them—are not permitted to inflict further harm on our citizens. f 
TRIBUTE TO PRINCE GEORGE’S COUNTY POLICE OFFICER JACAI COLSON 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer my condolences and prayers to the fam-ily of Prince George’s Police Officer Jacai Colson, who died in the line of duty last Sun-day just before his 29th birthday. The sense-less, callous, and unprovoked death of Officer Colson reminds us that our men in blue risk their lives every day for our safety. In his four years of service on the force, Officer Colson was dedicated to his community. His friends and family describe him as a natural leader with an infectious smile who followed in his grandfather’s footsteps to become a police of-ficer. Officer Colson served as an undercover narcotics officer and was placed frequently in high risk situations—risks that he took be-cause he knew he was making a difference. Our community lost a true hero who every day put his life at risk for the rest of us. His loss is a tragedy for his family, his fellow officers, and our State. I offer my deep condolences to all who knew Officer Colson in this time of grief. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present for votes taken on the House floor on March 3, 2016, and March 14, 2016, as I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘NO’ on Roll Call Vote Number 106, ‘NO’ on Roll Call Vote Number 107, ‘AYE’ on Roll Call Vote Number 108, ‘YES’ on Roll Call Vote Number 109, ‘NO’ on Roll Call Vote Number 110, ‘AYE’ on Roll Call Vote Number 111, ‘AYE’ on Roll Call Vote Number 112, and ‘AYE’ on Roll Call Vote Number 113. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT ANDREW JONES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Andrew Jones of Boy Scout Troop 729 in Treynor, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout rank is the highest ad-vancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained for more than a century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.019 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE327 March 16, 2016 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. For his project, Andrew planned and implemented the installation of a new fence and other grounds maintenance at the Fairview Pioneer Memorial Chapel. He is also an active member of his community and participates in local food drives, flag retirement ceremonies, and highway litter removal projects. The work ethic Andrew has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project lead-ing up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks vol-umes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and per-severance. I am honored to represent Andrew and his family in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his future education and career. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I missed ten votes on March 15. If I were present, I would have voted on the following: Rollcall No. 114: On Ordering the Previous Question, ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall No. 115: On Passage of H. Res. 640, ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall No. 116: On Passage of H.R. 2081, ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall No. 117: On Passage of H.R. 3447, ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall No. 118: On Passage of Pallone Amendment No. 1 to H.R. 3797, ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall No. 119: On Passage of Pallone Amendment No. 2 to H.R. 3797, ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall No. 120: On Passage of Bera Amendment to H.R. 3797, ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall No. 121: On Passage of Veasey Amendment to H.R. 3797, ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall No. 122: On the Motion to Recom-mit with Instructions, ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall No. 123: On Passage of H.R. 3797, ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
HONORING JIM GREER 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor Jim Greer, Veteran Service Officer of Stanislaus County Veterans Services Office, on his retirement and to thank him for his dedicated service to our Nations heroes. After serving 30 years, Jim retired as a Command Master Chief Petty Officer in the Navy. Following his service, he applied for a Veterans Services Representative position in Stanislaus County, and was hired in April of 1993. At first, the Veterans Services Office was serving about 50 to 60 veterans a month. Within six months of Jim’s service, the office was seeing nearly 500 veterans a month. As a Veterans Service Officer, Jim gladly accepted tremendous responsibilities includ-ing: visiting the local Veterans Service Organi-zations, training work study students to be-come Veterans Representatives, and person-ally assisting as many veterans as he could. Jim has played a vital role in acquiring a Veterans Center and a VA Community Base Outpatient Clinic in Modesto, California, im-proving assistance to veterans in the area. As a member of the California Association of County Veterans Services Officers, Jim has been asked to speak at various conferences and events to raise awareness on administra-tive issues in order to benefit local veterans. An active member of my Veterans Advisory Committee, Jim plays an essential role to reach out to the Veterans population with the most current information regarding bills, issues, and needs. Jim has changed the lives of thousands of veterans through his dedication and commit-ment over the last 23 years. He lives by the motto, ‘‘if Veterans don’t help each other, no one else will’’ and he has truly lived up to that commitment. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing my friend for his unwavering lead-ership, many accomplishments, and contribu-tions on behalf of the veteran community and his service to the United States of America. f 
CONGRATULATING I.C. NORCOM HIGH SCHOOL’S BOYS BASKET-BALL TEAM 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 16, 2016 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a talented group of young athletes who have distinguished them-selves as giants on the basketball court, mak-ing their school, their community, and the city of Portsmouth, Virginia very proud. The I.C. Norcom High School boys basketball team had another remarkable season and I am hon-ored to recognize their accomplishments. On March 12, 2016, the I.C. Norcom Grey-hounds beat the Hopewell Blue Devils 67 to 65, to win the Group 3A state basketball championship. It was truly a remarkable game. In overtime, I.C. Norcom tied the game and with only seconds left on the clock, the Grey-hounds’ Travis Fields stole the ball from the Blue Devils, successfully hit a jump shot, clinching another championship for I.C. Norcom. The Greyhounds have had a consistent run of excellence in recent years. This year’s vic-tory is I.C. Norcom’s third consecutive state title and their fifth state title in the last seven seasons. It goes without saying, but I.C. Norcom has certainly become a force to be reckoned with in Virginia high school sports. I.C. Norcom High School was founded in 1913 as the High Street School, the first public high school for black students in Portsmouth. It was renamed in 1953 in honor of its first su-pervising principal, Israel Charles Norcom, a pioneering educator, civic leader and busi-nessman. Now, more than 100 years and three locations later, I.C. Norcom High School is still an innovating and inspiring place for Portsmouth students. In addition to excelling on the basketball court, the Greyhounds are also doing great things in the classroom. I.C. Norcom houses a Center of Excellence in Math and Science, which provides students with additional class-es in science, math, and technology. Seniors completing the Center’s curriculum this year will receive Center of Excellence Diplomas which require five science course credits, one more than necessary under the advanced di-ploma. In addition, I.C. Norcom students have been participating in the First College pro-gram—attending Tidewater Community Col-lege this semester and taking up to 14 college credits before they graduate. I.C. Norcom is doing a great job cultivating excellence both on and off the athletic field. I would like to extend my enthusiastic con-gratulations to each of the Greyhounds’ play-ers, their families, Principal Shameka Pollard, Coach Leon Goolsby and his entire coaching staff, on the occasion of another amazing state championship victory. On behalf of the citizens of Virginia’s Third Congressional Dis-trict, I commend the Greyhounds for this his-toric win and wish the program many more years of continued success. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, March 17, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 5 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the effects of consumer finance regulations. SD–538 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine recent Ira-nian actions and implementation of the nuclear deal. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MR8.023 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE328 March 16, 2016 
APRIL 6 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy ship-building programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–222 APRIL 7 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation, and Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Semi- Annual Report to Congress. SD–538 APRIL 13 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–222 APRIL 14 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy To hold joint hearings to examine cur-rent trends and changes in the fixed-in-come markets. SD–538 APRIL 20 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–232A APRIL 27 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office report on ‘‘Telecommunications: Addi-tional Coordination and Performance Measurement Needed for High-Speed Internet Access Programs on Tribal Lands.’’ SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16MR8.000 E16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D264 Wednesday, March 16, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Final Re´sume´of Congressional Activity (including the History of Bills) for the First Session of the 114th Congress. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1515–1551 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2688–2699, and S. Res. 401–402.
                                               Pages S1544–45 
Measures Reported: S. 818, to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–230) S. Res. 368, supporting efforts by the Government of Colombia to pursue peace and the end of the country’s enduring internal armed conflict and rec-ognizing United States support for Colombia at the 15th anniversary of Plan Colombia. S. Res. 375, raising awareness of modern slavery. S. Res. 378, expressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the courageous work and life of Russian op-position leader Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov and re-newing the call for a full and transparent investiga-tion into the tragic murder of Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov in Moscow on February 27, 2015. S. Res. 383, recognizing the importance of the United States-Israel economic relationship and en-couraging new areas of cooperation. S. Res. 388, supporting the goals of International Women’s Day, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 392, expressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the prosecution and conviction of former President Mohamed Nasheed without due process and urging the Government of the Maldives to take all necessary steps to redress this injustice, to release all political prisoners, and to ensure due process and freedom from political prosecution for all the people of the Maldives.
                                                          Page S1544 
Measures Passed: Evidence-Based Policymaking Commission Act: Senate passed H.R. 1831, to establish the Commis-sion on Evidence-Based Policymaking, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S1548 McConnell (for Burr/Murray) Amendment No. 3456, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S1548 
Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center: Com-mittee on Armed Services was discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 719, to rename the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center, and the bill was then passed.
                                                          Pages S1548–49 
National Rehabilitation Counselors Apprecia-tion Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 401, designating March 22, 2016, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Coun-selors Appreciation Day’’.
                                      Page S1549 
United States of America v. Chaka Fattah, Sr., et al.: Senate agreed to S. Res. 402, to authorize tes-timony, documentary production, and representation in United States of America v. Chaka Fattah, Sr., et al. 
                                                                                            Page S1549 
House Messages: National Sea Grant College Program Amend-ments: Senate continued consideration of the House message to accompany S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, taking action on the following motions proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S1516–38 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the bill with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 3450 (to the House amendment to the bill), in the nature of a substitute.
           Page S1516 
McConnell motion to refer the bill to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
                                                                                            Page S1516 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 48 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 37), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the House amendment to the bill with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D265 March 16, 2016 
McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 3450 (to the House amendment to the bill) (listed above). 
                                                                                            Page S1524 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the bill with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 3450 (to the House amendment to the bill).
                                                                         Page S1524 
Directing Senate Legal Counsel—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at 12:45 p.m., on Thursday, March 17, 2016, Senate begin consideration of S. Res. 377, directing the Senate Legal Counsel to bring a civil action to enforce a subpoena of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations; that there be one hour of debate, equally divided in the usual form; and that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on adop-tion of the resolution, with no intervening action or debate.
                                                                             Page S1548 
Defend Trade Secrets Act—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., Monday, April 4, 2016, Senate begin consideration of S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal ju-risdiction for the theft of trade secrets; that there be 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form; and that following the use or yielding back of time, the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, and Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate. 
                                                                                            Page S1548 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order to take additional steps with respect to the national emergency origi-nally declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008 with respect to North Korea; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–45)
                                 Pages S1540–41 
Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: Merrick B. Garland, of Maryland, to be an Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
                                                                              Page S1551 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1541 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1541 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S1541 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1541–43 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S1543–44 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S1544 Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1545–46 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S1546 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1539–40 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1546–48 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1548 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1548 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—37)
                                                                   Page S1524 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:15 a.m. and adjourned at 5:44 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, March 17, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1549.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the National Guard and Reserve, after receiving testimony from General Frank J. Grass, Chief of the National Guard, Major General Brian Neal, Acting Director of the Air National Guard, Lieutenant General Timothy J. Kadavy, Director of the Army National Guard, Lieutenant General Jef-frey W. Talley, Chief of the Army Reserve, Vice Ad-miral Robin R. Braun, Chief of the Navy Reserve, Lieutenant General James Jackson, Chief of the Air Force Reserve, and Lieutenant General Rex C. McMillian, Commander of the Marine Forces Re-serve, all of the Department of Defense. APPROPRIATIONS: NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant General Frank G. Klotz, USAF (Ret.), Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, and Adminis-trator, Brigadier General Stephen L. Davis, USAF, Principal Assistant Deputy Administrator for Mili-tary Applications, Anne Harrington, Deputy Admin-istrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, and Admiral James F. Caldwell Jr., USN, Deputy Ad-ministrator for Naval Reactors, all of the National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of En-ergy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD266 March 16, 2016 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Transportation, after receiving testimony from Anthony Foxx, Sec-retary, and Calvin Scovel, Inspector General, both of the Department of Transportation. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland concluded a hearing to examine Army Unmanned Aircraft Vehicle and Air Force Remotely Piloted Aircraft Enterprises in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from General David G. Perkins, USA, Commanding General, Army Training and Doctrine Command, and General Herbert J. Carlisle, USAF, Commander, Air Combat Command, both of the Department of Defense; and Brenda S. Farrell, Director, Defense Ca-pabilities and Management, Government Account-ability Office. GLOBAL COUNTERTERRORISM STRATEGY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities concluded a closed hear-ing to examine the Department of Defense’s global counterterrorism strategy, after receiving testimony from Theresa M. Whelan, Principal Deputy Assist-ant Secretary for Special Operations/Low-Intensity Conflict, Office of the Secretary, and Brigadier Gen-eral Michael E. Kurilla, USA, Deputy Director for Special Operations, J–37, Joint Staff, both of the De-partment of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 2658, to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the Federal Aviation Administration for fiscal years 2016 through 2017, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and A routine list in the Coast Guard. WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the 2016 Water Resources Development Act, focusing on poli-cies and projects, after receiving testimony from Jo- Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), and Lieutenant General Thomas Bostick, Chief of Engineers, both of the Department of De-fense. DHS MANAGEMENT AND ACQUISITION REFORM Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Department of Homeland Security management and acquisition reform, including H.R. 3572, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and support the Depart-ment’s efforts to implement better policy, planning, management, and performance, after receiving testi-mony from Russell C. Deyo, Under Secretary for Management, Charles H. Fulghum, Deputy Under Secretary for Management and Chief Financial Offi-cer, and John Roth, Inspector General, all of the De-partment of Homeland Security; and Rebecca Gam-bler, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, and Michele Mackin, Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Management, both of the Government Account-ability Office. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 1455, to provide access to medication-assisted therapy, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; S. 2256, to establish programs for health care pro-vider training in Federal health care and medical fa-cilities, to establish Federal co-prescribing guide-lines, to establish a grant program with respect to naloxone, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 480, to amend and reauthorize the controlled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2680, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide comprehensive mental health reform, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and S. 2687, to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to improve plans of safe care for infants affected by illegal substance abuse or with-drawal symptoms, or a Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Dis-order, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. IMPACT OF IMMIGRATION ON U.S. WORKERS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-gration and the National Interest concluded a hear-ing to examine the impact of immigration on United States workers, after receiving testimony 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D267 March 16, 2016 
from Peter Kirsanow, United States Commission on Civil Rights; George J. Borjas, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts; Benjamin Johnson, American Immigration Lawyers Association, and Ste-ven A. Camarota, Center for Immigration Studies, both of Washington, D.C.; and David Dyssegaard Kallick, Fiscal Policy Institute Immigration Research Initiative, New York, New York. BALANCED BUDGET AMENDMENT Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine preventing a fiscal crisis in America, focusing on a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, including S.J. Res. 2, proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requiring that the Federal budget be balanced, and S.J. Res. 6, proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to bal-ancing the budget, after receiving testimony from Senators Hatch and Durbin; and Douglas Holtz- Eakin, American Action Forum, Robert Greenstein, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Stephen Moore, FreedomWorks, Alan B. Morrison, George Washington University Law School, and Ilya Sha-piro, Cato Institute, all of Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4749–4770; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 646–648, were introduced.
                Pages H1418–19 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1420 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4360, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that a Federal employee who leaves Gov-ernment service while under personnel investigation shall have a notation of any adverse findings under such investigation placed in such employee’s official personnel file, and for other purposes, with amend-ments (H. Rept. 114–454); H.R. 3583, to reform and improve the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Office of Emergency Communications, and the Office of Health Affairs of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–455, Part 1); H.R. 4404, to require an exercise related to ter-rorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–456); H. Res. 639, authorizing the Speaker to appear as amicus curiae on behalf of the House of Representa-tives in the matter of United States, et al. v. Texas, et al., No. 15–674 (H. Rept. 114–457); and H. Res. 649, providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 639) authorizing the Speaker to appear as amicus curiae on behalf of the House of Representatives in the matter of United States, et al. v. Texas, et al., No. 15–674 (H. Rept. 114–458). 
                                                                                    Pages H1417–18 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H1391 Recess: The House recessed at 10:31 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H1394 
Small Business Broadband Deployment Act: The House passed H.R. 4596, to ensure that small busi-ness providers of broadband Internet access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regulatory re-quirements, by a yea-and-nay vote of 411 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 124.
        Pages H1396–1402 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                           Page H1396 
Withdrawn: Veasey amendment (Printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–453) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have required the FCC to also an-swer whether a permanent exemption would increase access to services offered by small internet service providers.
                                                               Pages H1400–01 
H. Res. 640, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4596) and (H.R. 3797) was agreed to yesterday, March 15th. Recess: The House recessed at 12:54 p.m. and re-convened at 1:02 p.m.
                                            Page H1401 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures which were debated on Monday, March 14th: Extending the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project: H.R. 4416, to extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of a hydroelectric project, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 418 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 125; and 
                                                                                            Page H1402 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD268 March 16, 2016 
Extending the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project: H.R. 4434, to extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of a hydroelectric project, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 417 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 126. 
                                                                                    Pages H1402–03 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, March 17.
                         Page H1403 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:38 p.m. and recon-vened at 5:33 p.m.
                                                   Page H1416 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that he had issued an Executive Order that expands the scope of previous Executive Orders and facilitates implemen-tation of certain provisions of the North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–117).
                  Pages H1416–17 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H1396, H1416. Senate Referral: S. 337 was held at the desk. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1401–02, H1402, and H1402–03. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:39 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL PARK SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the National Park Service. Testi-mony was heard from Jon Jarvis, Director, National Park Service. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND ECONOMICS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on Department of Agriculture, Research, Edu-cation, and Economics. Testimony was heard from Catherine E. Woteki, Under Secretary, Research, Education and Economics; Chavonda Jacobs-Young, Administrator, Agricultural Research Service; Sonny Ramaswamy, Director, National Institute of Food and Agriculture; Mary Bohman, Administrator, Eco-nomic Research Service; Joseph Reilly, Adminis-trator, National Agricultural Statistics Service; and Michael Young, Budget Officer, Department of Ag-riculture. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the Department of the Treasury. Testi-mony was heard from Jack Lew, Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury. APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education held a budget hearing on the National Institutes of Health. Testimony was heard from Francis S. Collins, Direc-tor, National Institutes of Health. APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the National Science Foundation. Testimony was heard from France A. Cordova, Di-rector, National Science Foundation. APPROPRIATIONS—INDIAN AFFAIRS; BUREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION SCHOOLS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on Indian Affairs; and an oversight hearing on Bureau of Indian Education Schools. Tes-timony was heard from Lawrence ‘‘Larry’’ Roberts, Acting Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs, Depart-ment of the Interior; Charles ‘‘Monty’’ Roessel, Di-rector, Bureau of Indian Education; and Michael Black, Director, Bureau of Indian Affairs; and Me-lissa Emrey-Arras, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Accountability Office. APPROPRIATIONS—U.S. AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a budget hearing on U.S. Agency for International De-velopment. Testimony was heard from Gayle Smith, Administrator, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D269 March 16, 2016 
THE FISCAL YEAR 2017 NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BUDGET REQUEST FROM THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2017 National De-fense Authorization Budget Request from the Mili-tary Departments’’. Testimony was heard from Pat-rick J. Murphy, Acting Secretary of the Army, U.S. Army; General Mark A. Milley, Chief of Staff of the Army, U.S. Army; Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy, U.S. Navy; Admiral John M. Richardson, Chief of Naval Operations, U.S. Navy; General Rob-ert B. Neller, Commandant of the Marine Corps, U.S. Marine Corps; Deborah Lee James, Secretary of the Air Force, U.S. Air Force; and General Mark A. Welsh III, Chief of Staff of the Air Force, U.S. Air Force. FISCAL YEAR 2017 BUDGET REQUEST FOR U.S. CYBER COMMAND: PREPARING FOR OPERATIONS IN THE CYBER DOMAIN Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Request for U.S. Cyber Command: Preparing for Operations in the Cyber Domain’’. Testimony was heard from Admiral Mi-chael Rogers, USN, Commander, U.S. Cyber Com-mand. FISCAL YEAR 2017 ARMY AND AIR FORCE ROTORCRAFT MODERNIZATION PROGRAMS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-tical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Army and Air Force Rotorcraft Modernization Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Arnold W. Bunch, Jr., USAF, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Sec-retary of the Air Force (Acquisition); Lieutenant General James M. ‘‘Mike’’ Holmes, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Requirements; Lieutenant General Michael E. Williamson, USA, Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology); and Major General Michael D. Lundy, USA, Com-mander, Army Aviation Center of Excellence. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a mark-up on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017. The Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017 was ordered reported, as amended. EXAMINING THE POLICIES AND PRIORITIES OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Poli-cies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Labor’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas Perez, Secretary, Department of Labor. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power held a markup on the ‘‘Pipeline Safety Act of 2016’’. The ‘‘Pipeline Safety Act of 2016’’ was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. DISRUPTER SERIES: DIGITAL CURRENCY AND BLOCK CHAIN TECHNOLOGY Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Digital Currency and Block Chain Technology’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’. Testi-mony was heard from Richard Cordray, Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. THE FDIC’S TARGETING OF REFUND ANTICIPATION LOANS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The FDIC’s Targeting of Refund Anticipation Loans’’. Testimony was heard from Fred W. Gibson, Jr., Acting Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 343, expressing concern regard-ing persistent and credible reports of systematic, state-sanctioned organ harvesting from non-con-senting prisoners of conscience in the People’s Re-public of China, including from large numbers of Falun Gong practitioners and members of other reli-gious and ethnic minority groups; and H.R. 4678, to prohibit modification, abrogation, abandonment, or other related actions with respect to United States jurisdiction and control over United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without congres-sional action. H. Res. 343 was ordered reported, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD270 March 16, 2016 
amended. H.R. 4678 was ordered reported, without amendment. DHS IN TODAY’S DANGEROUS WORLD: EXAMINING THE DEPARTMENT’S BUDGET AND READINESS TO COUNTER HOMELAND THREATS Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘DHS in Today’s Dangerous World: Examining the Department’s Budget and Readiness to Counter Homeland Threats’’. Testi-mony was heard from Jeh C. Johnson, Secretary, De-partment of Homeland Security. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a markup on a resolution to amend the Com-mittee regulations collectively known as the Guide to Outfitting and Maintaining an Office of the U.S. House of Representatives; a resolution to approve regulations pursuant to H. Res. 5 regarding Con-gressional Member Organizations; a resolution to amend the Committee regulations collectively known as the Members’ Congressional Handbook; and a res-olution to amend the Committee regulations collec-tively known as the Committee Handbook. The reso-lution to amend the Committee regulations collec-tively known as the Guide to Outfitting and Main-taining an Office of the U.S. House of Representa-tives and the resolution to approve regulations pur-suant to H. Res. 5 regarding Congressional Member Organizations were adopted, without amendment. The resolution to amend the Committee regulations collectively known as the Members’ Congressional Handbook and the resolution to amend the Com-mittee regulations collectively known as the Com-mittee Handbook were adopted, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4731, the ‘‘Refugee Program Integ-rity Restoration Act of 2016’’. H.R. 4731 was or-dered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on H.R. 87, the ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Designation Act’’; H.R. 295, to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program; H.R. 329, the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 496, the ‘‘Alabama Hills National Scenic Area Establishment Act’’; H.R. 1621, to modify the boundary of Peters-burg National Battlefield in the Commonwealth of Virginia, and for other purposes; H.R. 1838, the ‘‘Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Con-servation Act’’; H.R. 2009, the ‘‘Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2733, the ‘‘Nevada Native Nations Land Act’’; H.R. 3070, the ‘‘EEZ Clarification Act’’; H.R. 3211, to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reserva-tion of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon; H.R. 3826, the ‘‘Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Ex-change Clarification Act’’; H.R. 4579, the ‘‘Utah Test and Training Range Encroachment Prevention and Temporary Closure Act’’; and H.R. 4680, to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and protecting the natural, historic, and cultural re-sources of our National Parks for the enjoyment of present and future generations, and for other pur-poses. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 87, H.R. 295, H.R. 329, H.R. 496, H.R. 1621, H.R. 1838, H.R. 2009, H.R. 2733, H.R. 3070, H.R. 3826, H.R. 4579, and H.R. 4680, H.R. 3211 was ordered reported, without amend-ment. REBUILDING AFGHANISTAN: OVERSIGHT OF DEFENSE DEPARTMENT INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Rebuilding Af-ghanistan: Oversight of Defense Department Infra-structure Projects’’. Testimony was heard from John Sopko, Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Re-construction; Christine S. Abizaid, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Afghanistan, Pakistan and Central Asia, Department of Defense; Howard Strickley, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Trans-atlantic Division, Department of Defense; and Randy Brown, Director, Air Force Civil Engineering Cen-ter, Department of Defense. VA CYBERSECURITY AND IT OVERSIGHT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘VA Cybersecurity and IT Oversight’’. Testimony was heard from LaVerne Council, Assist-ant Secretary for Information and Technology, Chief Information Officer, Department of Veterans Affairs; and Brent Arronte, Deputy Assistant Inspector Gen-eral for Audits and Evaluations, Department of Vet-erans Affairs. EXAMINING THE RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior; and Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Renewable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D271 March 16, 2016 
Fuel Standard’’. Testimony was heard from Chris-topher Grundler, Director, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, Environmental Protection Agency; and public witnesses. HOUSE RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO APPEAR AS AMICUS CURIAE ON BEHALF OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IN THE MATTER OF UNITED STATES, ET AL. V. TEXAS, ET AL., NO. 15–674 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a markup and hearing on H. Res. 639, authorizing the Speaker to appear as amicus curiae on behalf of the House of Representatives in the matter of United States, et al. v. Texas, et al., No. 15–674. H. Res. 639 was ordered reported, without amendment. The com-mittee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Rules. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the reso-lution. The rule provides that the resolution shall be considered as read and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Representatives Gowdy and Lofgren. AN OVERVIEW OF THE BUDGET PROPOSAL FOR THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology for Fiscal Year 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Willie E. May, Director, National Institute of Standards and Technology. AN OVERVIEW OF THE BUDGET PROPOSAL FOR THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for Fiscal Year 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Kath-ryn Sullivan, Undersecretary for Oceans and Atmos-phere, Department of Commerce, and Administrator, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. SBA MANAGEMENT AND PERFORMANCE CHALLENGES: THE INSPECTOR GENERAL’S PERSPECTIVE Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘SBA Management and Performance Challenges: The Inspector General’s Perspective’’. Testimony was heard from Peggy E. Gustafson, In-spector General, Small Business Administration. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity; and Subcommittee on Health held a hearing on draft legislation to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire and retain physicians and other employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Clancy, M.D., Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Organizational Excellence, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and public witnesses. PRESERVING AND STRENGTHENING MEDICARE Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Preserving and Strengthening Medicare’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4472, the ‘‘Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act’’; H.R. 4722, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require inclusion of the taxpayer’s social se-curity number to claim the refundable portion of the child tax credit; H.R. 4723, the ‘‘Protecting Tax-payers by Recovering Improper Obamacare Subsidy Overpayments Act’’; and H.R. 4724, the ‘‘Reducing Duplicative and Ineffective Federal Funding Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amend-ed: H.R. 4472, H.R. 4722, H.R. 4723, and H.R. 4724. FBI FY 2017 BUDGET Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-committee on Emerging Threats held a hearing on FBI FY 2017 Budget. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
VETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATIONS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Senate Committee con-cluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative pres-entation of multiple Veterans Service Organizations, after receiving testimony from Virgil Courneya, Fleet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD272 March 16, 2016 
Reserve Association, Carson City, Nevada; Senior Master Sergeant Larry Hyland, USAF (Ret.), The Re-tired Enlisted Association, Palm Bay, Florida; David Brasuell, Idaho Department of Veterans Services, Boise, on behalf of the National Association of State Directors of Veterans Affairs; Commander Rene´, A. Campos, USN (Ret.), Military Officers Association of America, Alexandria, Virginia; Chief Master Sergeant Robert L. Frank, USAF (Ret.), Air Force Sergeants Association, Springfield, Virginia; Charles Susino, Jr., American Ex-Prisoners of War, Metuchen, New Jersey; Sergeant Major H. Gene Overstreet, USMC (Ret.), Non Commissioned Officers Association, Seguin, Texas; Jerome Blum, Jewish War Veterans of the United States of America, Colchester, Con-necticut; and Paul Rieckhoff, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, New York, New York. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Labor, 10 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense budget posture in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hearings to examine S. 2177 and H.R. 959, bills to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, S. 651 and H.R. 1289, bills to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain land in Martinez, California, for inclu-sion in the John Muir National Historic Site, H.R. 1949, to provide for the consideration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia, S. 1329 and H.R. 2288, bills to remove the use restric-tions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, H.R. 2880, to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Geor-gia, S. 1930 and H.R. 3371, bills to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, S. 119, to amend the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a lifetime National Recreational Pass for any veteran with a service-connected disability, S. 718, to modify the boundary of Petersburg National Battlefield in the Commonwealth of Virginia, S. 770, to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monu-ment and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance, S. 1577, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate cer-tain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 1943, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in the State of Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field as an affiliated area of the National Park System, S. 1975, to establish the Sewall-Belmont House National Historic Site as a unit of the National Park System, S. 1982, to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain pri-vate contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance, S. 1993, to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in the United States in national service positions to protect, restore, and en-hance the great outdoors of the United States, S. 2039, to designate the mountain at the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, S. 2061, to des-ignate a National Memorial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, S. 2309, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the U.S. Civil Rights Network, S. 2608, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Dis-covery Trail’’, S. 2620, to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, S. 2628, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia and its environs, 3 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine HealthCare.gov, focusing on a review of operations and enrollment, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the Administration’s nuclear agenda, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine agency use of def-erence, 9 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 2390, to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, S. 2613, to reau-thorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, S. 2614, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with au-tism, and the nominations of Elizabeth J. Drake, of Maryland, Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D273 March 16, 2016 Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine sudden price spikes in decades-old Rx drugs, 9:45 a.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining USDA Organization and Program Ad-ministration—Part I’’, 1 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing for Amer-ican Indian and Alaska Native public and outside wit-nesses, 9 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hearing on U.S. Central Command, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. Subcommittee on Homeland Security, budget hearing on U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on Department of Agriculture, Farm and Foreign Agriculture Service, 10:30 a.m., 2362–A Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing for American Indian and Alaska Native public and outside witnesses, 1 p.m., B–308 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Readi-ness, hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of the Navy 2017 Operation and Maintenance Budget Request and Readiness Posture’’, 9:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare Access and CHIP Re-authorization Act of 2015: Examining Implementation of Medicare Payment Reforms’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Privatizing the Internet Assigned Num-ber Authority’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementa-tion of the Department of the Interior’s Law Enforcement Records System’’, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Administra-tion of the Safe Drinking Water Act in Flint, Michi-gan—Part III’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration for Fiscal Year 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, Oversight and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘Risky Business: Effects of New Joint Employer Standards for Small Firms’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Subcommittee on NSA and Cybersecurity, hearing on NSA FY 2017 Budget, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D274 March 16, 2016 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 199 reports have been filed in the Senate, 385 reports have been filed in the House. **Totals include Roll Call 300, which was vacated by unanimous consent on June 4, 2015. Final Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 6 through December 31, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 168 157 . . Time in session ................................... 1,073 hrs., 39 ′ 804 hrs., 59′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 8,913 10,717 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,847 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 37 78 115 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 1 1 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 441 525 966 Senate bills .................................. 98 38 . . House bills .................................. 82 323 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 4 3 . . House joint resolutions ............... 3 5 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 11 6 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 24 28 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 219 122 . . Measures reported, total ...................... * 289 * 373 662 Senate bills .................................. 219 9 . . House bills .................................. 36 288 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 3 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 33 70 . . Special reports ..................................... 22 7 . . Conference reports ............................... 4 5 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 210 78 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,823 5,060 7,883 Bills ............................................. 2,427 4,302 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 28 79 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 26 105 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 342 574 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 6 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 339 ** 300 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 403 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 4 1 . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 6 through December 31, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 366, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 173 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 181 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 10 Returned to White House ............................................................. 2 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 3,802, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,383 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 97 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 322 Air Force nominations, totaling 5,734, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,550 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 181 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 3 Army nominations, totaling 5,214, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,474 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,740 Navy nominations, totaling 3,936, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,931 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 5 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,070, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,067 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 3 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 20,122 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 17,578 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 2,207 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 335 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
HISTORY OF BILLS ENACTEDINTO PUBLIC LAW
275 (114th Cong., 1st Sess.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0663 Sfmt 0663 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0663 Sfmt 0663 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D277 March 16, 2016 
BILLS ENACTED INTO PUBLIC LAW (114TH, 1ST SESSION) 
Law No. 
S. 136 ..................... 114–62 S. 139 ..................... 114–63 S. 178 ..................... 114–22 S. 179 ..................... 114–37 S. 230 ..................... 114–56 S. 261 ..................... 114–64 S. 501 ..................... 114–57 S. 535 ..................... 114–11 S. 565 ..................... 114–65 S. 599 ..................... 114–97 S. 611 ..................... 114–98 S. 614 ..................... 114–109 S. 665 ..................... 114–12 S. 799 ..................... 114–91 S. 802 ..................... 114–24 S. 808 ..................... 114–110 S. 971 ..................... 114–39 S. 984 ..................... 114–40 S. 986 ..................... 114–69 S. 994 ..................... 114–66 S. 1090 ................... 114–111 S. 1124 ................... 114–18 S. 1170 ................... 114–99 S. 1177 ................... 114–95 Law No. 
S. 1300 ................... 114–70 S. 1356 ................... 114–92 S. 1359 ................... 114–51 S. 1362 ................... 114–85 S. 1461 ................... 114–112 S. 1482 ................... 114–44 S. 1568 ................... 114–25 S. 1707 ................... 114–67 S. 2036 ................... 114–93 S. 2078 ................... 114–71 S. 2082 ................... 114–58 S. 2162 ................... 114–86 S. 2425 ................... 114–115 H.R. 2 .................... 114–10 H.R. 22 .................. 114–94 H.R. 23 .................. 114–52 H.R. 26 .................. 114–1 H.R. 33 .................. 114–3 H.R. 91 .................. 114–31 H.R. 203 ................ 114–2 H.R. 208 ................ 114–88 H.R. 212 ................ 114–45 H.R. 240 ................ 114–4 Law No. 
H.R. 313 ................ 114–75 H.R. 322 ................ 114–76 H.R. 323 ................ 114–77 H.R. 324 ................ 114–78 H.R. 431 ................ 114–5 H.R. 533 ................ 114–28 H.R. 558 ................ 114–79 H.R. 606 ................ 114–14 H.R. 615 ................ 114–29 H.R. 623 ................ 114–80 H.R. 639 ................ 114–89 H.R. 651 ................ 114–15 H.R. 719 ................ 114–53 H.R. 720 ................ 114–50 H.R. 728 ................ 114–32 H.R. 774 ................ 114–81 H.R. 876 ................ 114–42 H.R. 891 ................ 114–33 H.R. 893 ................ 114–30 H.R. 1020 .............. 114–59 H.R. 1075 .............. 114–16 H.R. 1092 .............. 114–8 H.R. 1138 .............. 114–46 H.R. 1191 .............. 114–17 Law No. 
H.R. 1213 .............. 114–6 H.R. 1295 .............. 114–27 H.R. 1314 .............. 114–74 H.R. 1321 .............. 114–114 H.R. 1326 .............. 114–34 H.R. 1350 .............. 114–35 H.R. 1442 .............. 114–82 H.R. 1527 .............. 114–7 H.R. 1531 .............. 114–47 H.R. 1624 .............. 114–60 H.R. 1626 .............. 114–43 H.R. 1690 .............. 114–20 H.R. 1884 .............. 114–83 H.R. 2029 .............. 114–113 H.R. 2048 .............. 114–23 H.R. 2051 .............. 114–54 H.R. 2131 .............. 114–48 H.R. 2146 .............. 114–26 H.R. 2250 .............. 114–96 H.R. 2252 .............. 114–13 H.R. 2262 .............. 114–90 H.R. 2270 .............. 114–101 H.R. 2297 .............. 114–102 H.R. 2353 .............. 114–21 Law No. 
H.R. 2496 .............. 114–19 H.R. 2499 .............. 114–38 H.R. 2559 .............. 114–49 H.R. 2617 .............. 114–61 H.R. 2620 .............. 114–36 H.R. 2693 .............. 114–103 H.R. 2820 .............. 114–104 H.R. 2835 .............. 114–68 H.R. 3059 .............. 114–84 H.R. 3116 .............. 114–72 H.R. 3236 .............. 114–41 H.R. 3594 .............. 114–105 H.R. 3614 .............. 114–55 H.R. 3819 .............. 114–73 H.R. 3831 .............. 114–106 H.R. 3996 .............. 114–87 H.R. 4246 .............. 114–107 H.J. Res. 10 ........... 114–9 H.J. Res. 76 ........... 114–108 H.J. Res. 78 ........... 114–100 
BILLS VETOED S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. Vetoed Feb. 24, 2015. S.J. Res. 8, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures. Vetoed Mar. 31, 2015. H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal  year, and for other purposes. Vetoed Oct. 22, 2015. S.J. Res. 23, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. Vetoed Dec. 18, 2015. S.J. Res. 24, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Elec tric Utility Generating Units’’. Vetoed Dec. 18, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0669 Sfmt 0669 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTCONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD278 March 16, 2016 Title Bill No. 
Date intro- duced 
Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law House Senate House Senate House 
114– Senate 114– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 114– To extend the termination date of the Ter-rorism Insurance Program established under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, and for other purposes.
H.R. 26 Jan. 6, 
2015 FS Agr 
.................. ............ ............ Jan. 7, 
2015 Jan. 8, 2015 Jan. 12, 2015 
1 To direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evalua-tions of mental health care and suicide pre-vention programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Ad-ministration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.
H.R. 203 Jan. 7, 
2015 VA VA Jan. 21, 
2015 ............ 34 Jan. 12, 
2015 Feb. 3, 2015 Feb. 12, 2015 
2 To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act.
H.R. 33 Jan. 6, 
2015 WM .................. ............ ............ Jan. 12, 
2015 Feb. 27, 2015 Feb. 27, 2015 
3 Making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes.
H.R. 240 Jan. 9, 
2015 App Bud 
.................. ............ ............ Jan. 14, 
2015 Feb. 27, 2015 Mar. 4, 2015 
4 To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
H.R. 431 Jan. 21, 
2015 FS BHUA ............ ............ Feb. 11, 
2015 Mar. 2, 2015 Mar. 7, 2015 
5 To make administrative and technical correc-tions to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995.
H.R. 1213 Mar. 3, 
2015 HA .................. ............ ............ Mar. 4, 
2015 Mar. 9, 2015 Mar. 20, 2015 
6 To accelerate the income tax benefits for charitable cash contributions for the relief of the families of New York Police Depart-ment Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other purposes.
H.R. 1527 Mar. 23, 
2015 WM .................. ............ ............ Mar. 25, 
2015 Mar. 27, 2015 Apr. 1, 2015 
7 To designate the Federal building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue in Miramar, Florida, as the ‘‘Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Build-ing’’.
H.R. 1092 Feb. 25, 
2015 TI .................. ............ ............ Mar. 24, 
2015 Mar. 27, 2015 Apr. 7, 2015 
8 Providing for the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Insti-tution.
H.J. Res. 10 Jan. 7, 
2015 HA .................. ............ ............ Mar. 26, 
2015 Mar. 27, 2015 Apr. 7, 2015 
9 To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other improvements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2 Mar. 24, 
2015 EC WM Jud Agr NR Bud 
.................. ............ ............ Mar. 26, 
2015 Apr. 14, 2015 Apr. 16, 2015 10 To promote energy efficiency ........................ S. 535 Feb. 23, 
2015 EC .................. ............ ............ Apr. 21, 
2015 Mar. 27, 2015 Apr. 30, 2015 11 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D279 March 16, 2016 
To encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious in-jury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes.
S. 665 Mar. 4, 
2015 Jud Jud Mar. 26, 
2015 ............ 0 May 12, 
2015 Apr. 30, 2015 May 19, 2015 12 To clarify the effective date of certain provi-sions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Re-form Act of 2014, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2252 May 12, 
2015 OGR .................. ............ ............ May 14, 
2015 May 19, 2015 May 19, 2015 13 To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation re-ceived by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income.
H.R. 606 Jan. 28, 
2015 WM .................. ............ ............ May 12, 
2015 May 14, 2015 May 22, 2015 14 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Av-enue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’.
H.R. 651 Feb. 2, 
2015 OGR HS&GA May 6, 
2015 ............ 0 Apr. 29, 
2015 May 11, 2015 May 22, 2015 15 To designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’.
H.R. 1075 Feb. 25, 
2015 WM EPW ............ ............ Apr. 28, 
2015 May 12, 2015 May 22, 2015 16 To provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes.
H.R. 1191 Mar. 2, 
2015 WM .................. ............ ............ Mar. 17, 
2015 May 7, 2015 May 22, 2015 17 To amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act.
S. 1124 Apr. 28, 
2015 E&W HEL&P Apr. 28, 
2015 ............ 0 May 12, 
2015 May 6, 2015 May 22, 2015 18 To extend the authorization for the replace-ment of the existing Department of Vet-erans Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, to make certain improvements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2496 May 21, 
2015 VA .................. ............ ............ May 21, 
2015 May 22, 2015 May 22, 2015 19 To designate the United States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’.
H.R. 1690 Mar. 26, 
2015 TI EPW Apr. 23, 
2015 
90 ............ Apr. 28, 
2015 May 21, 2015 May 29, 2015 20 To provide an extension of Federal-aid high-way, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2353 May 15, 
2015 TI WM NR SST EC 
.................. ............ ............ May 19, 
2015 May 23, 2015 May 29, 2015 21 To provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking.
S. 178 Jan. 13, 
2015 
Jud .................. Mar. 2, 
2015 ............ 0 May 19, 
2015 Apr. 22, 2015 May 29, 2015 22 To reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of infor-mation gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2048 Apr. 28, 
2015 Jud Int FS 
May 8, 2015 .................. 109 ............ May 13, 
2015 June 2, 2015 June 2, 2015 23 To authorize the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes.
S. 802 Mar. 19, 
2015 
FR .................. May 21, 
2015 ............ 0 June 1, 
2015 May 23, 2015 June 12, 2015 24 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD280 March 16, 2016 Title Bill No. 
Date intro- duced 
Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law House Senate House Senate House 
114– Senate 114– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 114– To extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes.
S. 1568 June 11, 
2015 
.................. .................. ............ ............ June 12, 
2015 June 11, 2015 June 15, 2015 25 To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement of-ficers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2146 Apr. 30, 
2015 WM Fin ............ ............ May 12, 
2015 June 4, 2015 June 29, 2015 26 To extend the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-erences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes.
H.R. 1295 Mar. 4, 
2015 WM Apr. 13, 
2015 .................. 71 ............ Apr. 15, 
2015 May 14, 2015 June 29, 2015 27 To revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes.
H.R. 533 Jan. 26, 
2015 NR IA Apr. 15, 
2015 
77 ............ June 1, 
2015 June 24, 2015 July 6, 2015 28 To amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Home-land Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable com-munications capabilities among the compo-nents of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and for other purposes.
H.R. 615 Jan. 28, 
2015 HS HS&GA May 21, 
2015 ............ 53 Feb. 2, 
2015 June 11, 2015 July 6, 2015 29 To require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the cen-tennial of Boys Town, and for other pur-poses.
H.R. 893 Feb. 11, 
2015 FS .................. ............ ............ June 23, 
2015 June 25, 2015 July 6, 2015 30 To amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans.
H.R. 91 Jan. 6, 
2015 VA VA ............ ............ May 18, 
2015 June 22, 2015 July 20, 2015 31 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Ser-geant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’.
H.R. 728 Feb. 4, 
2015 OGR HS&GA June 24, 
2015 ............ 0 June 15, 
2015 July 8, 2015 July 20, 2015 32 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’.
H.R. 891 Feb. 11, 
2015 OGR HS&GA June 24, 
2015 ............ 0 June 15, 
2015 July 8, 2015 July 20, 2015 33 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Ser-geant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’.
H.R. 1326 Mar. 4, 
2015 OGR HS&GA June 24, 
2015 ............ 0 June 15, 
2015 July 8, 2015 July 20, 2015 34 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Her-man Badillo Post Office Building’’.
H.R. 1350 Mar. 10, 
2015 OGR HS&GA June 24, 
2015 ............ 0 June 15, 
2015 July 8, 2015 July 20, 2015 35 To amend the United States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures con-tracts from coverage under such Act.
H.R. 2620 June 2, 
2015 Agr June 23, 
2015 .................. 174 ............ June 23, 
2015 July 9, 2015 July 20, 2015 36 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D281 March 16, 2016 
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’.
S. 179 Jan. 13, 
2015 OGR HS&GA May 6, 
2015 ............ 0 July 13, 
2015 May 11, 2015 July 20, 2015 37 To amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2499 May 21, 
2015 SB June 25, 
2015 .................. 187 ............ July 13, 
2015 July 23, 2015 July 28, 2015 38 To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration program.
S. 971 Apr. 16, 
2015 WM EC Fin June 23, 
2015 
172 ............ July 15, 
2015 Apr. 22, 2015 July 30, 2015 39 To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide Medicare beneficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech gen-erating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices.
S. 984 Apr. 16, 
2015 EC WM 
June 24, 2015 .................. 178 ............ July 15, 
2015 Apr. 22, 2015 July 30, 2015 40 To provide an extension of Federal-aid high-way, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide re-source flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes.
H.R. 3236 July 28, 
2015 TI WM EC SST NR VA E&W Bud HS 
.................. ............ ............ July 29, 
2015 July 30, 2015 July 31, 2015 41 To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals.
H.R. 876 Feb. 11, 
2015 WM EC Fin Mar. 13, 
2015 
39 ............ Mar. 16, 
2015 July 27, 2015 Aug. 6, 2015 42 To reduce duplication of information tech-nology at the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and for other purposes.
H.R. 1626 Mar. 25, 
2015 HS HS&GA June 17, 
2015 
162 ............ June 23, 
2015 July 23, 2015 Aug. 6, 2015 43 To improve and reauthorize provisions relat-ing to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid.
S. 1482 June 2, 
2015 
Jud .................. July 9, 
2015 ............ 0 July 27, 
2015 July 14, 2015 Aug. 6, 2015 44 To amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assessment and manage-ment of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes.
H.R. 212 Jan. 8, 
2015 EC Feb. 24, 
2015 .................. 26 ............ Feb. 24, 
2015 Aug. 5, 2015 Aug. 7, 2015 45 To establish certain wilderness areas in cen-tral Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest Sys-tem land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other pur-poses.
H.R. 1138 Feb. 26, 
2015 NR July 27, 
2015 .................. 229 ............ July 27, 
2015 Aug. 4, 2015 Aug. 7, 2015 46 To amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes.
H.R. 1531 Mar. 23, 
2015 OGR HS&GA June 25, 
2015 Aug. 4, 2015 182 123 July 7, 
2015 Aug. 5, 2015 Aug. 7, 2015 47 To designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Caro-lina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’.
H.R. 2131 Apr. 30, 
2015 TI EPW June 4, 
2015 
137 ............ June 15, 
2015 Aug. 5, 2015 Aug. 7, 2015 48 To designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas.
H.R. 2559 May 21, 
2015 TI EPW ............ ............ June 15, 
2015 Aug. 5, 2015 Aug. 7, 2015 49 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD282 March 16, 2016 Title Bill No. 
Date intro- duced 
Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law House Senate House Senate House 
114– Senate 114– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 114– To improve intergovernmental planning for and communication during security inci-dents at domestic airports, and for other purposes.
H.R. 720 Feb. 4, 
2015 HS CST July 23, 
2015 ............ 92 Feb. 10, 
2015 Aug. 5, 2015 Sept. 24, 2015 50 To allow manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of war-ranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes.
S. 1359 May 14, 
2015 EC CST July 7, 
2015 ............ 77 Sept. 8, 
2015 July 9, 2015 Sept. 24, 2015 51 To reauthorize the National Windstorm Im-pact Reduction Program, and for other purposes.
H.R. 23 Jan. 6, 
2015 SST TI CST June 11, 
2015 ............ 62 Jan. 7, 
2015 July 23, 2015 Sept. 30, 2015 52 To require the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal in-vestigator positions, and for other purposes.
H.R. 719 Feb. 4, 
2015 HS CST Aug. 4, 
2015 ............ 111 Feb. 10, 
2015 Sept. 17, 2015 Sept. 30, 2015 53 To amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2051 Apr. 28, 
2015 Agr ANF May 29, 
2015 Sept. 17, 2015 132 206 June 9, 
2015 Sept. 21, 2015 Sept. 30, 2015 54 To amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport im-provement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the fund-ing and expenditure authority of the Air-port and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes.
H.R. 3614 Sept. 25, 
2015 TI WM SST 
.................. ............ ............ Sept. 28, 
2015 Sept. 29, 2015 Sept. 30, 2015 55 To provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska.
S. 230 Jan. 21, 
2015 
IA .................. May 11, 
2015 ............ 38 Sept. 16, 
2015 June 25, 2015 Sept. 30, 2015 56 To make technical corrections to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes.
S. 501 Feb. 12, 
2015 NR IA Sept. 8, 
2015 May 11, 2015 255 41 Sept. 16, 
2015 May 21, 2015 Sept. 30, 2015 57 To amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.
S. 2082 Sept. 25, 
2015 
.................. .................. ............ ............ Sept. 30, 
2015 Sept. 25, 2015 Sept. 30, 2015 58 To define STEM education to include com-puter science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation.
H.R. 1020 Feb. 20, 
2015 SST CST Aug. 4, 
2015 ............ 115 Feb. 25, 
2015 Sept. 24, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 59 To amend title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer.
H.R. 1624 Mar. 25, 
2015 EC .................. ............ ............ Sept. 28, 
2015 Oct. 1, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 60 To amend the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 to reduce a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa.
H.R. 2617 June 2, 
2015 E&W .................. ............ ............ Sept. 28, 
2015 Sept. 30, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 61 To amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of cer-tain permanently disabled or deceased vet-erans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service.
S. 136 Jan. 8, 
2015 OGR HS&GA Sept. 18, 
2015 May 5, 2015 263 35 Sept. 28, 
2015 May 11, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 62 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D283 March 16, 2016 
To permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Security Income program and the Medicaid program for compensa-tion provided to individuals who partici-pate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions.
S. 139 Jan. 8, 
2015 WM EC Fin ............ ............ Sept. 28, 
2015 July 16, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 63 To designate the United States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Okla-homa City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse.
S. 261 Jan. 27, 
2015 TI EPW Sept. 8, 
2015 May 4, 2015 248 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 May 21, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 64 To reduce the operation and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes.
S. 565 Feb. 25, 
2015 OGR HS&GA May 22, 
2015 ............ 59 Sept. 28, 
2015 June 15, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 65 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Ham-mond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’.
S. 994 Apr. 16, 
2015 OGR HS&GA May 6, 
2015 ............ 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 May 11, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 66 To designate the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’.
S. 1707 July 7, 
2015 
EPW .................. ............ ............ Sept. 24, 
2015 Aug. 5, 2015 Oct. 7, 2015 67 To actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers.
H.R. 2835 June 18, 
2015 HS AS 
.................. ............ ............ Sept. 28, 
2015 Oct. 1, 2015 Oct. 16, 2015 68 To require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico.
S. 986 Apr. 16, 
2015 
IA .................. Aug. 4, 
2015 ............ 114 Oct. 6, 
2015 Sept. 22, 2015 Oct. 16, 2015 69 To amend the section 221 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations.
S. 1300 May 12, 
2015 
Jud .................. July 9, 
2015 ............ 0 Oct. 6, 
2015 July 14, 2015 Oct. 16, 2015 70 To reauthorize the United States Commis-sion on International Religious Freedom, and for other purposes.
S. 2078 Sept. 24, 
2015 
FR .................. Sept. 24, 
2015 ............ 0 Oct. 6, 
2015 Sept. 30, 2015 Oct. 16, 2015 71 To extend by 15 years the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report program.
H.R. 3116 July 20, 
2015 OGR HS&GA July 29, 
2015 
237 ............ Sept. 24, 
2015 Oct. 6, 2015 Oct. 22, 2015 72 To provide an extension of Federal-aid high-way, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes.
H.R. 3819 Oct. 23, 
2015 TI EC WM NR SST 
.................. ............ ............ Oct. 27, 
2015 Oct. 28, 2015 Oct. 29, 2015 73 To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an adminis-trative appeal relating to adverse deter-minations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations.
H.R. 1314 Mar. 4, 
2015 WM Apr. 13, 
2015 .................. 67 ............ Apr. 15, 
2015 May 22, 2015 Nov. 2, 2015 74 To amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes.
H.R. 313 Jan. 13, 
2015 OGR HS&GA June 25, 
2015 
180 ............ Sept. 28, 
2015 Oct. 26, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 75 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’.
H.R. 322 Jan. 13, 
2015 OGR HS&GA Oct. 8, 
2015 ............ 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 Oct. 20, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 76 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD284 March 16, 2016 Title Bill No. 
Date intro- duced 
Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law House Senate House Senate House 
114– Senate 114– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 114– To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’.
H.R. 323 Jan. 13, 
2015 OGR HS&GA Oct. 8, 
2015 ............ 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 Oct. 20, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 77 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’.
H.R. 324 Jan. 13, 
2015 OGR HS&GA Oct. 8, 
2015 ............ 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 Oct. 20, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 78 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’.
H.R. 558 Jan. 27, 
2015 OGR HS&GA Oct. 8, 
2015 ............ 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 Oct. 20, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 79 To amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other pur-poses.
H.R. 623 Jan. 30, 
2015 TI HS HS&GA Sept. 21, 
2015 ............ 145 Feb. 2, 
2015 Oct. 7, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 80 To strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other purposes.
H.R. 774 Feb. 5, 
2015 NR TI Jud CST July 20, 
2015 
212 ............ July 27, 
2015 Oct. 21, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 81 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Build-ing’’.
H.R. 1442 Mar. 18, 
2015 OGR HS&GA Oct. 8, 
2015 ............ 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 Oct. 20, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 82 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Com-mercial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Me-morial Post Office Building’’.
H.R. 1884 Apr. 16, 
2015 OGR HS&GA Oct. 8, 
2015 ............ 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 Oct. 20, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 83 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building.
H.R. 3059 July 14, 
2015 OGR HS&GA Oct. 8, 
2015 ............ 0 Sept. 24, 
2015 Oct. 20, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 84 To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding pro-grams of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs).
S. 1362 May 18, 
2015 WM EC Fin July 30, 
2015 ............ 108 Oct. 21, 
2015 Aug. 5, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 85 To establish a 10-year term for the service of the Librarian of Congress.
S. 2162 Oct. 7, 
2015 HA .................. ............ ............ Oct. 20, 
2015 Oct. 7, 2015 Nov. 5, 2015 86 To provide an extension of Federal-aid high-way, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes.
H.R. 3996 Nov. 16, 
2015 TI EC WM NR SST 
.................. ............ ............ Nov. 16, 
2015 Nov. 19, 2015 Nov. 20, 2015 87 To improve the disaster assistance programs of the Small Business Administration.
H.R. 208 Jan. 8, 
2015 SB SBE June 25, 
2015 
186 ............ July 13, 
2015 Oct. 21, 2015 Nov. 25, 2015 88 To amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling rec-ommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distribu-tors seeking to conduct clinical testing.
H.R. 639 Feb. 2, 
2015 EC Jud HEL&P Mar. 16, 
2015 
41 ............ Mar. 16, 
2015 Oct. 26, 2015 Nov. 25, 2015 89 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D285 March 16, 2016 
To facilitate a pro-growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other pur-poses.
H.R. 2262 May 12, 
2015 SST CST May 18, 
2015 
119 ............ May 21, 
2015 Nov. 10, 2015 Nov. 25, 2015 90 To address problems related to prenatal opioid use.
S. 799 Mar. 19, 
2015 
HEL&P .................. Oct. 1, 
2015 ............ 0 Nov. 16, 
2015 Oct. 22, 2015 Nov. 25, 2015 91 To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.
S. 1356 May 14, 
2015 
.................. .................. ............ ............ Nov. 5, 
2015 May 14, 2015 Nov. 25, 2015 92 To suspend the current compensation pack-ages for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes.
S. 2036 Sept. 15, 
2015 
.................. .................. ............ ............ Nov. 16, 
2015 Sept. 15, 2015 Nov. 25, 2015 93 To authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit pro-grams, and for other purposes.
H.R. 22 Jan. 6, 
2015 WM Fin Feb. 12, 
2015 ............ 3 Jan. 6, 
2015 July 30, 2015 Dec. 4, 2015 94 To reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves.
S. 1177 (H.R. 5) 
Apr. 30, 2015 E&W FS HEL&P Feb. 20, 
2015 Apr. 30, 2015 
24 0 Nov. 17, 
2015 July 16, 2015 Dec. 10, 2015 95 Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016.
H.R. 2250 May 12, 
2015 App App May 12, 
2015 June 11, 2015 110 64 May 19, 
2015 Dec. 10, 2015 Dec. 11, 2015 96 To extend and expand the Medicaid emer-gency psychiatric demonstration project.
S. 599 Feb. 26, 
2015 
Fin .................. July 30, 
2015 ............ 101 Nov. 16, 
2015 Sept. 28, 2015 Dec. 11, 2015 97 To amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems, and for other pur-poses.
S. 611 Feb. 27, 
2015 EC EPW Nov. 19, 
2015 May 18, 2015 346 47 Nov. 30, 
2015 June 9, 2015 Dec. 11, 2015 98 To amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes.
S. 1170 Apr. 30, 
2015 OGR EC AS HS&GA Sept. 17, 
2015 ............ 144 Dec. 1, 
2015 Sept. 22, 2015 Dec. 11, 2015 99 Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes.
H.J. Res. 78 Dec. 16, 
2015 App .................. ............ ............ Dec. 16, 
2015 Dec. 16, 2015 Dec. 16, 2015 100 To redesignate the Nisqually National Wild-life Refuge, located in the State of Wash-ington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2270 May 12, 
2015 NR Nov. 16, 
2015 .................. 335 ............ Nov. 30, 
2015 Dec. 14, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 101 To prevent Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international finan-cial and other institutions, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2297 May 13, 
2015 FA FS BHUA ............ ............ May 14, 
2015 Nov. 17, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 102 To designate the arboretum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’.
H.R. 2693 June 9, 
2015 VA VA ............ ............ Dec. 8, 
2015 Dec. 10, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 103 To reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2820 June 18, 
2015 EC HEL&P Sept. 8, 
2015 Dec. 3, 2015 242 0 Sept. 8, 
2015 Dec. 9, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 104 To extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes.
H.R. 3594 Sept. 24, 
2015 E&W .................. ............ ............ Sept. 28, 
2015 Dec. 16, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 105 To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advan-tage.
H.R. 3831 Oct. 26, 
2015 WM EC 
.................. ............ ............ Dec. 10, 
2015 Dec. 16, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 106 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD286 Title Bill No. 
Date intro- duced 
Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law House Senate House Senate House 
114– Senate 114– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 114– To exempt for an additional 4-year period, from the application of the means-test pre-sumption of abuse under chapter 7, quali-fying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces and members of the Na-tional Guard who, after September 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to per-form a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days.
H.R. 4246 Dec. 15, 
2015 Jud .................. ............ ............ Dec. 16, 
2015 Dec. 17, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 107 Appointing the day for the convening of the second session of the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress.
H.J. Res. 76 Dec. 15, 
2015 
.................. .................. ............ ............ Dec. 15, 
2015 Dec. 17, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 108 To provide access to and use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce im-proper payments, and for other purposes.
S. 614 Feb. 27, 
2015 
HS&GA .................. July 21, 
2015 ............ 86 Dec. 7, 
2015 July 28, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 109 To establish the Surface Transportation Board as an independent establishment, and for other purposes.
S. 808 Mar. 19, 
2015 
CST .................. May 21, 
2015 ............ 52 Dec. 10, 
2015 June 18, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 110 To amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facili-ties to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes.
S. 1090 Apr. 27, 
2015 TI HS&GA Sept. 15, 
2015 ............ 142 Dec. 16, 
2015 Sept. 17, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 111 To provide for the extension of the enforce-ment instruction on supervision require-ments for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015.
S. 1461 May 22, 
2015 EC WM Fin July 30, 
2015 ............ 109 Dec. 8, 
2015 Sept. 10, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 112 Making appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes.
H.R. 2029 Apr. 24, 
2015 App App Apr. 24, 
2015 May 21, 2015 
92 57 Apr. 30, 
2015 Nov. 10, 2015 Dec. 18, 2015 113 To amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act to prohibit the manufacture and introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of rinse-off cos-metics containing intentionally-added plas-tic microbeads.
H.R. 1321 Mar. 4, 
2015 EC Dec. 7, 
2015 .................. 371 ............ Dec. 7, 
2015 Dec. 18, 2015 Dec. 28, 2015 114 To amend titles XVIII and XIX of the So-cial Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation technology and cer-tain radiation therapy services, to ensure flexibility in applying the hardship excep-tion for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR reporting period for 2017 payment adjust-ments, and for other purposes.
S. 2425 Dec. 18, 
2015 
.................. .................. ............ ............ Dec. 18, 
2015 Dec. 18, 2015 Dec. 28, 2015 115 March 16, 2016 
TABLE OF COMMITTEE ABBREVIATIONS 
AG .........Aging Agr ........Agriculture ANF .......Agriculture, Nutrition, 
and Forestry App ........Appropriations AS .........Armed Services 
BHUA ....Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs Bud ........Budget CST .......Commerce, Science and 
Transportation E&W ......Education and the 
Workforce 
EC .........Energy and Commerce ENR .......Energy and Natural 
Resources EPW ......Environment and 
Public Works Eth ........Ethics Fin ........Finance 
FS .........Financial Services FA .........Foreign Affairs FR .........Foreign Relations HEL&P ..Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions HS .........Homeland Security 
HS&GA ..Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs HA .........House Administration IA ..........Indian Affairs Int .........Intelligence Jud ........Judiciary NR .........Natural Resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0660 Sfmt 0660 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D287 March 16, 2016 
OGR .......Oversight and 
Government Reform R ...........Rules 
RAdm ....Rules and 
Administration SST .......Science, Space, and 
Technology 
SB .........Small Business SBE .......Small Business and 
Entrepreneurship 
TI ..........Transportation and 
Infrastructure VA .........Veterans’ Affairs WM ........Ways and Means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0660 Sfmt 0660 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD288 March 16, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, March 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 12:45 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of S. Res. 377, Directing Senate Legal Counsel, and vote on adoption of the resolu-tion at approximately 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, March 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H. Res. 639— Authorizing the Speaker to appear as amicus curiae on behalf of the House of Representatives in the matter of United States, et al. v. Texas, et al. (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E319 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E319, E322 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E326 Costa, Jim, Calif., E324, E326 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E319 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E327 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E320 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E322 Graves, Sam, Mo., E323 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E321 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E323 King, Steve, Iowa, E324 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E323 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E321 Olson, Pete, Tex., E320, E322, E323, E325 Perry, Scott, Pa., E323 Poe, Ted, Tex., E319, E321 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E322 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E327 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E320 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E321, E324 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E326 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E327 Young, David, Iowa, E326 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Mar 17, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16MR6.REC D16MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST