Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1739 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 2016 No. 58 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, April 18, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , APRIL 15, 2016 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You bring forth blessings from just deeds. Listen to our prayers for the Members of this people’s House. Give them the wisdom to meditate upon Your revelation, Your law. Help them find confidence in Your love, especially in times of difficulty. May their efforts reflect the mindset and gracious manner revealed in Your loving commands, and may their work contain the depth of justice and the ex-pansive embrace of human goodness that You reveal to Your people. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. LOWENTHAL led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the advocacy efforts of the McMahon/Ryan Child Advocacy Center, a wonderful and renowned cen-tral New York organization that is dedicated to ending child abuse through intervention and education. This month, McMahon/Ryan is launch-ing its Go Blue 4 Kids campaign to help end child abuse. Go Blue 4 Kids is a first-of-its-kind collaboration among five central New York healthcare leaders who are fo-cused on raising awareness about child abuse prevention. In recognition of April being National Child Abuse Awareness Month, myself and hundreds of my constituents will be wearing blue, painting a blue pinwheel, or at-tending local events to raise awareness about child abuse prevention. As a former Federal prosecutor, I am all too aware that much remains to be done if we are to guarantee a safe and happy upbringing for all American youths. I ask my colleagues to join me and the 24th District of New York to join the Go Blue 4 Kids campaign. I com-mend McMahon/Ryan for the excellent work they do in our community, and I will continue to support their efforts to end child abuse. f 
CAMBODIAN GENOCIDE REMEMBRANCE DAY (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, this week the Cambodian American com-munity of Long Beach will observe Re-membrance Day, commemorating 41 years since the end of the Cambodian genocide. This horrific event, in which the Khmer Rouge killed approximately 1.7 million Cambodians from all walks of life, devastated Cambodia for years, de-priving the country of a generation of its best and its brightest, and leaving a lifetime of trauma for Cambodians liv-ing in the United States and around the world. I have introduced H. Res. 436, along with over a dozen of my colleagues, to ensure that we never forget the un-speakable horrors of the genocide and honor the memory of its many victims. Today I ask my colleagues and people across this country to join us in com-ing together to remember the Cam-bodian genocide to commemorate the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.000 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1740 April 15, 2016 
almost 2 million people who were killed. 
f 
TAX DAY (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in advance of tax day to address the U.S. Tax Code and its impact on our economy. There is no escaping the fact that our Tax Code is written in a manner that is burdensome to individuals. It is com-plex and unruly. However, I want to speak briefly about the dire effects that it has on small businesses. Over 28 million small businesses in this country are the true economic drivers. As the tax changes continue to plague small businesses, we have a major problem. Instead of concen-trating on servicing their customers, growing their company, or creating jobs, they are overwhelmed with tax provision changes. This is a never-end-ing story. When that small business in Nevada diverts efforts and resources to deal with tax compliance issues, they are not focusing on why they are in busi-ness. They need a Tax Code that is sim-pler, fairer, and flatter. As the debate surrounding tax reform continues, let’s make sure that our Tax Code doesn’t impact job creation. 
f 
JACKIE ROBINSON DAY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today is Jackie Robinson Day, declared such by Major League Baseball, but it should be declared such by the United States of America. On April 15, 1947, Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier. For 80-some odd years, there were no African Amer-ican players in the major leagues. Branch Rickey put Jackie Robinson on the Brooklyn Dodgers and baseball be-came integrated. It truly became America’s national pastime. Today, Major League Baseball play-ers will all wear number 42, a number retired and allowed to be worn only on this day in honor of Jackie Robinson on the occasion of integrating Major League Baseball. Jackie Robinson was a great Amer-ican and a great athlete. He lettered in four sports at UCLA. He was a great major league player with the Brooklyn Dodgers and was honored by being in-ducted into the Hall of Fame. Today there is a Jackie Robinson Foundation that gives young people scholarships to go to college and to do good deeds. He was very much inter-ested in moving America forward in civil rights, and he did all he could. I was fortunate to travel to Cuba with the President. I met his widow, Rachel, and his daughter, Sharon, who gave me a button—and this is a replica of it—designating April 15 as Jackie Robinson Day. I think we should all think about his contributions to Amer-ica and what contributions we can make to America to make us a more perfect Union. Thank you, Jackie Robinson. f 
175TH ANNIVERSARY OF PORTER TOWNSHIP, CLINTON COUNTY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 175th anniversary of Porter Town-ship, Clinton County, located in Penn-sylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, which was founded in 1841 and named for the current Governor at the time, David Porter. The township was settled by Scotch Irish pioneers and was known in its early days for the Washington Iron Works, built in 1809 and operated until 1878. Like so much of Clinton County, Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, and the Commonwealth as a whole, the township has been also de-pendent on the timber industry over its 175-year history. To this day, the tim-ber industry remains vital, contrib-uting an estimated $90 million per year to the county’s economy. At 175 years old, Porter County is older than 24 States. This is, indeed, a milestone to celebrate. The celebration begins this weekend, on Saturday, with an opening ceremony that will include guest speakers, a hymn sing, and an ice cream social. Further events are planned through the end of the year, including a 5K Color Walk/Run and tours of township farms. Again, congratulations to the offi-cials and residents of Porter Township on this huge milestone. 
f 
LET’S MOVE FORWARD AND PASS A BUDGET (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, at the end of last year, Congress put aside po-litical grandstanding and actually made some progress: a budget agree-ment that was supposed to be a frame-work for 2 years. It wasn’t a perfect agreement, but it kept us from going off a cliff. It did some good for the folks we represent. It set aside much of the damaging across-the-board cuts and gave Federal agencies, businesses, and workers some certainty and pre-dictability. Congress simply passing a budget at this point is a bit like a dog playing the piano. The song may not sound per-fect, but it is a dog playing the piano. Congress actually passed a budget. But here we go again. As I stand here, we, once again, don’t have an an-nual budget. I struggle to explain to my constituents how Congress is, once again, snatching defeat from the claws of victory and how this dysfunction re-mains the norm. The solution here is simple. Let’s stick to the compromise made just a few months ago. Let’s stick with what a majority of the House and Senate ac-tually backed just a few months ago. Let’s avoid shutdowns and dysfunction and get to work on moving this econ-omy and this Congress forward. f 
CONDITION OF THE GENERAL FARM ECONOMY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week the Agriculture Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk Management held a hearing—and will be holding more—on the condition of the general farm economy. We see prices of commodities going down extremely from a high just a cou-ple of years ago. Indeed, farm income is down approximately 56 percent, accord-ing to the USDA. Steps need to be taken to ensure sta-bility in the ag economy because it is a large part of the export market for us, and the stability of U.S. food prices and the economy in rural America rely on it. We need to have the type of policy that helps keep business in America doing well. It isn’t just devising policy here in Washington, D.C., but also not making a regulatory burden and caus-ing the prices of inputs to continue to spiral upward as we watch farm prices at the gate go down. We need to do much more to have a friendly atmosphere for business. That includes agriculture in this country. And we hope to come up with solutions as we put the spotlight on the Agri-culture Committee in the coming weeks. 
f 
IMMIGRATION POPULATION SETS RECORDS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent study shows the immigrant pop-ulation, both legal and illegal, has grown to record levels, now surpassing 15 percent in one-third of the States. And in six States—California, Florida, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, and Texas—the population of immigrants and their children is over 25 percent. A report by the Center for Immigra-tion Studies found that since 1970, the number of immigrants and their chil-dren has increased six times faster than the overall population. Congress needs to analyze these facts as it con-siders assimilation, cost of government services, and the impact immigration has on jobs and the economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.001 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1741 April 15, 2016 
America has the most generous im-migration system in the world. How-ever, our immigration policies must put the interests of American workers and taxpayers first. 
f 
NO RATE REGULATION OF BROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on H.R. 2666. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 672 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2666. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b0913 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2666) to prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service, with Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2666, the No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act. From the first indication that the Federal Communications Commission intended to reclassify broadband Inter-net access service as a title II service subject to utility regulation, the Sub-committee on Communications and Technology has made it a priority to ensure that the FCC bureaucracy never has the authority to actually get in and micromanage and regulate rates. The Internet is a model of innova-tion, flourishing under decades of light- touch or no-touch regulation. That is how it has flourished, Mr. Chairman. b0915 In recent years, as the FCC has re-peatedly attempted to regulate the management of Internet traffic, the po-tential reach of those regulations has grown, prompting concerns that the FCC would retreat to the world of rate regulation that typified the monopoly telephone era. Unfortunately, these fears proved well-founded when the FCC announced in early 2015, Mr. Chairman, that it would reclassify the Internet as a util-ity-style service as part of the newest net neutrality rules—rules that are currently being challenged in the courts, I might add. I would like to begin by addressing one of the most common attacks against this legislation, Mr. Chairman: that we are attempting to ‘‘gut’’ the FCC’s authority to implement net neu-trality rules. That simply is not the case. We are supportive of clear, bright- line rules of the road for ISPs and the way they treat Internet traffic. We are for that. In fact, last year I released a discussion draft bill, along with Chair-man UPTON and Senator T HUNE , that would codify those very rules. What we don’t support is the use of outdated, ill-suited regulations to achieve those goals. This bill isn’t in-tended to touch the net neutrality rules, and, in fact, an amendment I of-fered up in committee markup goes so far as to make an explicit exemption to ensure that the bill would not impact the FCC’s work to ban paid prioritization. What this bill does is prohibit the FCC from regulating the amount charged to a consumer by an ISP for the provision of broadband service, a fact made clear by our defini-tions. There is another objection, Mr. Chairman, we have heard repeatedly, and that is that the FCC had chosen to forbear from several of the provisions in title II and that the Chairman of the FCC had promised not to regulate rates anyway, so this bill is really unneces-sary. Again, this is simply not the case. The FCC did forbear from various sec-tions of title II, but the authority to regulate rates through enforcement was and is still very much on the table. In addition, while Chairman Wheeler did promise before our subcommittee and multiple other committees of the Congress that he would not regulate rates, there was nothing to bind him or his successors to that commitment. The need for the certainty of a statu-tory ban on rate regulation became even clearer just a few weeks ago when the bill’s sponsor, Representative K
INZINGER , actually asked the Chair-man of the FCC, Chairman Wheeler, whether he believed the FCC should have the authority to regulate rates. Chairman Wheeler’s response: ‘‘Yes, sir.’’ Given the philosophy of the Chair-man himself, it is clearly more press-ing than ever that this bill becomes law. The FCC cannot and should not be able to regulate the rates charged by ISPs to their customers. This sort of regulatory overhang clouds the deci-sionmaking of providers and dissuades them from offering innovative, pro- consumer pricing plans and service of-ferings, lest the Commission come back after the fact and penalize them. Take T-Mobile’s Binge On service as a prime example. Consumers are able to access video offered by any partici-pant in the program without that data counting toward their monthly usage limits or charges. Edge providers win because their content is viewed more often. The service provider wins be-cause they actually attract more cus-tomers. It is called the marketplace. It is innovation in the marketplace re-sponding to what consumers want. Most importantly, consumers win be-cause they are able to access the de-sired content with no cost or penalty. Sounds pretty good, doesn’t it? Now, I am not here to advocate for one company over another, but this is called innovation in the marketplace. This is what entrepreneurship is all about. But, unfortunately, under the opaque rules of the FCC, T-Mobile had no way of knowing whether this sort of Binge On pricing scheme would violate the Commission’s rules. They didn’t know. And while T-Mobile has taken this risk, many providers may now choose not to do so, ultimately depriving cus-tomers of choices they otherwise would have. You see, everybody is a little afraid, does this Chairman or the next Chairman come back, after the fact, and say: Well, you know, that is really not something we think is too dandy to do, so we are going to penalize you. It is called after-the-fact regulation. So, as an unfortunate corollary to this chapter of Internet history, the same kind of flip-flop we are concerned we will see on rate regulation is ex-actly what we have seen with respect to Binge On. You see, Chairman Wheel-er was ‘‘okay with it’’ until he decided maybe not. As a former businessowner myself, I can tell you that you can’t make busi-ness additions based on a hope and a prayer of your regulator. I was actu-ally regulated by the FCC. I knew the rules. I followed them. They were clear. They were bright-line. In an incredibly innovative market-place, which the Internet thrives in, can you imagine having the lack of clarity and the ability to go back after the fact and, in effect, rate regulate? This will stifle competition, innova-tion, and consumer choice. Finally, I would like to address charges that this bill would leave cus-tomers helpless to overcharge, or worse, by ISPs. We would all share that concern. We don’t want that, and this bill provides protection. The notion that the FCC, an agency that didn’t have authority over Inter-net service providers’ rates until last year—until last year—is the only line of defense between customers and fraud is, frankly, silly. It is a silly claim. Customers have gotten along just fine without the aid of the FCC regu-lating rates; and this notion that the FCC is the only cop on the beat for consumers would come as a surprise—a real surprise—to many States attor-neys general and consumer advocates 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.003 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1742 April 15, 2016 
across the Nation. All those protec-tions, and fraud, abuse still prevail out there. This bill is a carefully tailored piece of legislation that is targeted at just one thing—one thing, Mr. Chairman— and that is unnecessary bureaucratic, Washington-based rate regulation. We used the most narrow definition, in-serted rules of construction, and made specific exemptions to the prohibition, all in an attempt to address the con-cerns that were raised by the witnesses in our hearings that we held, Mr. Chairman, Members at markup and others who participated in the process. We listened to all of those voices say: How do we make this right? How do we make it narrow? How do we get at just the issue here of a bureaucracy that wants to expand and grow and micro-manage and rate regulate? We sought to prevent unintended consequences, unlike the FCC, who crafted their rules to have the broadest and furthest reaching scope. Imagine that, Mr. Chairman, from a bureauc-racy that writes rules, that they would write rules that are broadly written so they have more power for themselves. In fact, many of the changes we made to the bill at full committee markup were inspired by an amendment offered by Representative M
ATSUI of Cali-fornia. Drawing on her suggested changes, we amended the bill to be a more targeted draft. We also considered amendments by multiple other Members of Congress but felt that they would not have re-sulted in the kind of prohibition that this situation narrowly calls for, one that clearly prohibits all flavors of ratemaking, not just before-the-fact tariffing where they say you can charge $7, that is it—that would be tariffing before the fact—but also after-the-fact regulation, where they come back, Mr. Chairman, and say: Oh, by the way, whatever you were charg-ing, we have now kind of thought about that, and we think it was too much or too little or whatever. While I am disappointed that so many of my colleagues across the aisle cannot support this bill, it wasn’t for lack of trying. It wasn’t for lack of a hearings process or taking many of their suggestions to heart and modi-fying our underlying text. I nonethe-less, though, strongly believe that this legislation is an essential step in main-taining the robust and vibrant Internet ecosystem that drives our economy, powers innovations, and prompts and promotes new jobs and investment like no other service. The last thing we want to throw on there is the cold water of Washington bureaucracy after-the-fact regulation that will sti-fle competition and innovation that has so benefited consumers in this great Internet economy in which we find ourselves. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2666, and I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, today we are debating a bill that the majority has titled the No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act. It sounds terrific. On the surface, this bill appears to do what Democrats and Republicans both support. We both support this. What we support is very clear: preventing the FCC from setting the monthly rate that customers pay for Internet access service. But in reality, this bill is about undermining the FCC’s author-ity to protect consumers and ensure a free and open Internet for all. I listened very carefully to the chair-man, whom I respect, who is my friend, talking about innovation, talking about the effect that that has on so much that we do. I represent the innovation capital of our country and the world, Silicon Val-ley, so I think that I understand some-thing about innovation and the ingre-dients that make it work. As the rank-ing member of the subcommittee, I have made it very clear that I do not support setting rates for customers to pay on Internet access, nor do any of my Democratic colleagues on the com-mittee. In fact—and the chairman left this out. The chairman left this out. In fact, during the subcommittee and full committee markup of this bill, I of-fered an airtight, one-page amendment, right here—right here, one-page amendment—to codify that the FCC will permanently forbear from setting the rates that customers pay for Inter-net access. It is airtight. It is as clear as a bell, but it was rejected twice. Now, why would the majority reject exactly what they say they are seek-ing? It is a good question. It is a rhe-torical question, but it should be raised. I think it is because this bill is about more than the FCC setting the rates that customers pay for Internet access. The FCC is the cop on the beat in the communications marketplace. That means the FCC has the responsibility to keep watch over the companies that provide our cell phone, cable, and Internet services to ensure that every-one is treated fairly. I think, in the absence of the fol-lowing, not one consumer organization in the country supports the bill that is on the floor because it is overly broad. The definition of rate regulation in this bill leaves the door open for courts to strike down the FCC’s authority to protect consumers and act in the pub-lic interest if they interpret any of its actions as impacting broadband Inter-net rates. That is what this bill does. That is what we object to. We do not object to, essentially, what the title of the bill is, No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access. These protections include prohibiting Internet service providers, ISPs, from capping the amount of data that cus-tomers can use; outlawing pay-for-pri-vacy agreements where consumers have to pay fees to avoid having their data collected and sold to third parties; enforcing net neutrality rules against blocking Web sites; and reviewing mergers that increase consolidation and limit choice in the broadband Internet market. As I said a moment ago, it is no won-der this bill is opposed by over 70 pub-lic interest groups, including the Na-tional Hispanic Media Coalition, the Consumer Federation of America, and the National Consumer Law Center. And the White House has said that it will veto the bill. We could have come here with a very simple bill that essentially is what my amendment stated: no rate regulation. That is what the majority says that they are for, except the bill goes way beyond that. I want to make it clear to my col-leagues and to the American people that may be tuned in to this debate: This bill, in its broadness, is an attack on consumers and an attack on the FCC’s net neutrality rules. Now, that is not a surprise because the majority has never supported that. And that is why I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 2666. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD three letters from consumer organizations. I reserve the balance of my time. 
APRIL 12, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : We understand that floor consideration of H.R. 2666, the ‘‘No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act,’’ is expected following a meeting of the House Committee on Rules this week. The undersigned groups strongly urge you and your colleagues to vote against H.R. 2666, because it would block the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) from fulfilling its essential consumer-protection responsibilities. This would be disastrous for all of the people and businesses in America that use the Internet. Simply, H.R. 2666 would prevent the FCC from doing its job to protect the American people. H.R. 2666’s overly broad definitions and un-defined language would create extreme regu-latory uncertainty. It would hamstring the FCC’s ability to carry out its congression-ally-mandated responsibilities. The impacts of this legislation are wide-ranging and dif-ficult to fully enumerate, given the broad definitions of ‘‘rates’’ and ‘‘regulation’’ in the bill, which conflict with legal precedent. Yet several harmful impacts are readily ap-parent. First, it is clear that the bill is yet another attempt to undermine the FCC’s Open Inter-net Order and the principles of net neu-trality. The Order ‘‘expressly eschew[ed] the future use of prescriptive, industry-wide rate regulation’’ and the FCC forbore from the legal authorities that enable it to set rates. Although the FCC is not setting rates, stripping away its authority to review mo-nopoly charges and other unjust and unrea-sonable business practices would harm ev-eryone. It would especially harm the fami-lies and small businesses that rely on an af-fordable and open Internet to find jobs, do schoolwork, or reach consumers to compete in the 21st century global marketplace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.004 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1743 April 15, 2016 
This legislation threatens the FCC’s abil-ity to enforce merger conditions that provide low-cost broadband to disadvantaged com-munities, harming low-income Americans who already have limited broadband access, and further widening the digital divide. It would give a free ride to companies cur-rently imposing punitive data caps and in-troducing zero-rating schemes, which the FCC has rightly questioned and continues to investigate. And despite the bill’s imprecise references to interconnection and paid prioritization, it would leave open the very real possibility that these companies may try to extort and extract additional pay-ments from websites and applications to reach their customers—even though the abil-ity to download and upload the content of their choosing is exactly what broadband customers pay for. By using the term interconnection in an undefined manner, H.R. 2666 also creates sig-nificant uncertainty about what, if any-thing, the FCC can do to protect the public from interconnection-related harms. Conges-tion at interconnection points—locations where the Internet’s backbone infrastructure connects to last-mile providers such as Comcast and AT&T—has hurt consumers and online businesses in recent years, and this bill would leave the public vulnerable to those harms. Lastly, the legislation would undermine the FCC’s efforts to protect consumer pri-vacy, including oversight of so-called ‘‘pay- for-privacy’’ plans that require customers to pay significant additional fees to their broadband provider to avoid having their on-line data collected and sold to third parties. In sum, the broad definition of ‘‘regula-tion’’ in H.R. 2666 would make it difficult, if not impossible, for the FCC to review and then prohibit even clearly anti-competitive and anti-consumer actions by broadband companies. Under the bill, broadband pro-viders could characterize any and every rule or determination the FCC makes as a ‘‘rate regulation’’ if it prevents these ISPs from charging abusive penalties or tolls. Over four million Americans called for the FCC to protect an open Internet. It is time for members of Congress to stop sneak at-tacks that would allow big cable companies to break net neutrality rules without con-sequences. We strongly believe that the lim-ited and inadequate exemptions in the cur-rent bill are neither credible nor sufficient. These limited exceptions for a small number of regulatory issues are not enough, as they simply create opportunities for companies to circumvent them. Congress has made the FCC the guardian of the public interest. The Commission must be able to protect America’s Internet users from unreasonable business practices. It is unfortunate that the Energy & Com-merce Committee Majority twice rejected proposed compromises that would have been harmonious with the FCC’s decision not to set broadband rates, while ensuring the Com-mission still had the ability to protect con-sumers. Instead, this bill is little more than a wolf in sheep’s clothing that would reduce the FCC’s oversight abilities and strip away communications rights for hundreds of mil-lions of Americans. We respectfully urge you to vote against this bill to show your support for America’s consumers and businesses that need the free and open Internet. Sincerely, 18MillionRising.org, Alternate ROOTS, Arts & Democracy, Center for Media Justice (CMJ), Center for Rural Strategies, Cogent Communications, Inc., Color Of Change, Common Cause, Common Frequency, Con-sumer Action, Consumer Federation of America, Consumer Watchdog, Daily Kos, Demand Progress, Engine, Faithful Internet, Families for Freedom, Fight for the Future, Free Press Action Fund, FREE! Families Rally for Emancipation and Empowerment. Future of Music Coalition, Generation Jus-tice, Global Action Project (GAP.), Greenlining Institute, Human Rights De-fense Center, Instituto de Educacion Popular del Sur de California (IDEPSCA), Line Break Media, Martinez Street Women’s Center, Media Action Center, Media Mobilizing Project, National Consumer Law Center, on behalf of its low-income clients, National Hispanic Media Coalition (NHMC), New America’s Open Technology Institute, Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition, Open Ac-cess Connections, People’s Press Project, PhillyCAM, Progressive Technology Project, Prometheus Radio Project, Public Knowl-edge. School for Designing a Society, St. Paul Neighborhood Network (SPNN), TURN, United Church of Christ, OC Inc., Urbana- Champaign Independent Media Center, Voices for Racial Justice, Women Action Media, Working Films, Working Narratives, Writers Guild of America, West. 
CONSUMER UNION, Washington, DC, April 14, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER AND MADAM LEADER : Consumers Union, the policy and advocacy division of Consumer Reports, urges the House not to approve H.R. 2666, the ‘‘No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act.’’ We believe this legislation is unneces-sary, and we are concerned that it would un-dermine the Federal Communications Com-mission’s net neutrality rule and other im-portant responsibilities of the Commission in protecting consumers and competition in the broadband marketplace. We share the concerns voiced during the bill’s consideration in Committee, that ‘‘rate’’ and ‘‘rate regulation’’ could be inter-preted to interfere on a broad scale with the Commission’s authority to prevent all man-ner of discriminatory treatment simply be-cause there is some direct or indirect price- related manifestation or effect. Indeed, the Committee states in its report that the term ‘‘rates’’ should ‘‘be interpreted broadly, ex-tending beyond a simple price to any pro-vider-offered fee, rate level, rate structure, discount, incentive, or similar customer-fac-ing proposal.’’ We are concerned that, other than outright denial of service or inter-connection, anticompetitive discrimination would most likely take the form of some kind of price differential—including data caps, throttling, anticompetitive subsidies, and paid prioritization, just to name some of the most obvious. Moreover, there is no indication that the Commission has any intent to regulate rates for broadband service, now or in the future, or that it has seriously entertained the pos-sibility of doing so. Indeed, the Open Inter-net Order explicitly disclaims such intent. This bill is a flawed and harmful solution to a non-existent and wholly theoretical prob-lem. The Open Internet Order is key to ensuring that the benefits of the Internet are widely available—that everyone has access to it on equal, nondiscriminatory terms. We hope the House will allow the Commission to appro-priately enforce the Open Internet Order, without injecting new and unnecessary un-certainty into the scope of its authority. We urge that H.R. 2666 be defeated. Respectfully, GEORGE P. S LOVER , S
ENIOR POLICY COUNSEL , Consumers Union. 
COMPUTER & COMMUNICATIONS  I
NDUSTRY ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, April 14, 2016. Re CCIA Letter on H.R. 2666—No Rate Regu-lation of Broadband Internet Access Act. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MINORITY LEADER PELOSI : As you know, an open Internet has been a driving force of economic growth, innovation, and a key to American competitiveness. It is a cru-cial input for businesses large and small, and an essential component of the lives of every-day Americans for expression, education, and work. Unfortunately, H.R. 2666, the No Rate Reg-ulation of Broadband Internet Access Act, threatens the FCC’s ability to enforce sen-sible rules to ensure the Internet remains competitive and open. As you consider this legislation this week, I hope you will take into account the negative consequences this bill would have for consumers and businesses that rely on Internet access. Despite the bill’s title, H.R. 2666 goes far beyond rate regulation. A closer look will not just reveal the potential for higher costs to consumers and businesses, but also sig-nificant regulatory uncertainty. Of consider-able concern are the bill’s intentionally broad definitions. For example, the bill’s definitions of ‘‘regulation’’ and ‘‘regulate’’ include the Commission’s enforcement au-thority. This would prevent the Commission from pursuing its longstanding Congres-sional mandates of promoting competition and consumer protection. Without such au-thority, the FCC would not be able to review and prohibit anti-competitive actions that could hurt consumers and businesses. During consideration by the Energy & Commerce Committee, Democratic Members sought to find common ground with amend-ments that would more clearly define what the bill seeks to prevent—ratemaking for broadband. However, these efforts were re-jected on party-line votes. The bill’s ambi-guity remains a significant concern for busi-nesses and will impair the FCC’s obligation to ensure that basic rules of the road will protect the openness that has made the Internet so useful. I urge you to consider the effects on the open Internet and vote against H.R. 2666. Sincerely, E
DBLACK , President & CEO, Computer & Commu-nications Industry Association. 
b0930 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ). She is the vice chairman of the full Energy and Commerce Committee and a very important member of our sub-committee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to come to the floor today and stand in support of this bill. It is the right step. The gentlewoman from California references the amendment that she had wanted, but her amendment was not exactly what that bill is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.010 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1744 April 15, 2016 
What we are seeking to do is to en-courage the FCC to make good on the promise that they have made. In March 2015, Chairman Wheeler was speaking at the Mobile World Congress in Bar-celona. He was talking about net neutrality and rules and regulations. He said: 
This is not regulating the Internet. Regu-lating the Internet is rate regulation, which we don’t do. 
Whoops, they do. That is what they are trying to do. Now, there is a difference in what the gentlewoman was seeking to do in com-mittee, not have tariffs or regulation. But if they had gone ahead and done it, then we would have to get into a proc-ess of trying to undo. That is what peo-ple don’t like. They don’t like that kind of mess. What they want is something very explicit. That is what Mr. K
INZINGER ’s bill does. It very explicitly says: FCC, you cannot, you shall not, and you will not do rate regulation. It is not what the American people want to see. It is what the FCC has promised they will not do. So what we are doing is helping a fed-eral agency keep their word, keep their promise, and not get into rate regula-tion. Of course, we all know that what they would like to do is regulate the Internet so they can tax the Internet, so they can then come in and set all the rates, and so they can then come in and assign priority and value to con-tent. It is a commerce issue, it is a free speech issue, and it is an issue for the American people who want to make certain that the information service they have known, appreciated, and uti-lize every day in the virtual market-place is not going to be regulated by a Federal Government agency. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I would note that the FCC chairman is not a Member of Congress. It is only Con-gress that can write a statute. The amendment that I offered codified— codified—that there would be no rate regulation of the Internet. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the distinguished ranking member of the full committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from California, the ranking member of our sub-committee. Mr. Chairman, today we are consid-ering a deceptively simple bill, H.R. 2666. The bill states that the FCC may not regulate rates for broadband Inter-net access service, but I urge Members on both sides of the aisle to not fall for this rhetoric and misinformation. Just because this bill is short in length does not mean it is narrow in scope. It is designed to gut the FCC be-cause, as experts have pointed out, the definitions in the bill for rate regula-tion could mean almost anything. While the Republicans claim that they intend the bill to be narrow, we have heard over and over that their draft would swallow vast sections of the Communications Act. Most nota-bly, this bill could undermine the FCC’s ability to protect consumers. Democrats repeatedly offered help to improve this bill. But make no mis-take, there was not a negotiation. We offered suggestions, but were rebuffed time and again. In fact, we raised con-cerns from the beginning that the original bill failed to define rate regu-lation. Then, at the eleventh hour, the Re-publicans provided their own take-it- or-leave-it definition with no Demo-cratic input. This is not negotiating. The result of this one-sided conversa-tion is the definition of rate regulation that simply confirms our worst fears. The definition is so broad that it effec-tively would gut the agency. Now, we have said repeatedly that we do not want the FCC to set rates. But we can’t support a bill that undermines the FCC’s core mission. We can’t sup-port a bill that prevents the agency from acting in the interest of the pub-lic. We can’t support a bill that prevents the agency from protecting consumers from discriminatory practices, and we certainly cannot support a bill that un-dercuts the FCC’s net neutrality rules. The Republicans rebuffed all of our ef-forts to narrow H.R. 2666 so that con-sumers are not harmed. If we are at all serious about passing a narrow bill, then accomplishing these goals would not be that hard. Our col-lective interests should be aligned. But that clearly is not the intent of my Re-publican colleagues. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to cast a vote against H.R. 2666. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? The CHAIR. The majority has 19 min-utes remaining. The minority has 221⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. K
INZINGER ). He is the author of this legislation and is a very serious member of the Subcommittee on Com-munications and Technology and a great patriot for this country. Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I thank the committee, and I thank the other side of the aisle. Even though this is something that we are going to put through and we would love to have a lot more support from the other side of the aisle, we do appre-ciate the working relationship. Mr. Chairman, let me just say that this is, in my mind, very simple. When the FCC, in essence, chose to reclassify broadband Internet access service as a common carrier, that gave them the classification and the ability to regu-late rates of private companies. Understanding this, it was the con-cern, as we looked around, that we want to make sure that the FCC does not have the power to regulate the rates charged for Internet access. If you look back in the history of this country and, really, what tech-nology and what the Internet has been able to do for jobs, for economic growth, and for everything along that line, it has all been because it is free of government regulation. So let’s just put this into law, that the FCC shouldn’t have the authority. In a couple of hearings, Chairman Wheeler, the chairman of the FCC, was asked: Do you believe you should have the right or the ability to regulate the rates charged for Internet, for broadband access? He said: No. I forbear that. In fact, I asked the chairman: What if we put into law a simple statement that said that the FCC shouldn’t have that authority? Amen, basically, is what he said. Now, over the next year, we have run into some more issues. All of a sudden 3 weeks ago I asked the chairman the same question again, and he admits that, actually, the FCC should have the ability to regulate broadband Internet access. This is Congress simply doing its job. Congress’ job is to determine what au-thority the FCC should and should not have. That is what we were invented for. That is what we were created for, to determine those laws and those rules. All we are doing is taking back a lit-tle bit of power from the FCC and say-ing: Look, let’s keep the Internet free market. Let’s keep broadband free market. Congress is going to have its say in this. I hope the other side of the aisle and my colleagues join me in sup-porting this measure. It is the right thing for our country, and it is a great first step in preserving the Internet as free for future genera-tions. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ). He is an outstanding member of the committee. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, as I said on Wednes-day during debate on the rule, the bill before us today is a vague solution in search of a nonexistent problem. While we all share concerns about the idea of broadband Internet rate regulation, Chairman Wheeler has made it absolutely clear that the FCC will not seek to regulate those rates. But since this bill is before the House anyway, I thought I would offer an amendment that would address an ac-tual problem that can be fixed by the FCC. Section 317 of the Communications Act of 1934 requires broadcasters to dis-close the true identity of political ad-vertising sponsors. The FCC currently relies on an out-dated 1979 staff interpretation of the law that does not account for the dra-matic changes that have taken place in our campaign system over the last 6 years, including the Citizens United and McCutcheon decisions. The rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.006 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1745 April 15, 2016 
makes sense. The American people ought to know who is actually trying to influence their votes. Unfortunately, sponsors in today’s world don’t indicate who is actually paying for the ad. No. We get sponsors like Americans for Kittens and Pup-pies. That is not very helpful in dis-closing to the American people who is trying to influence them. It would be, for instance, if somebody ran an ad promoting sugared soft drinks and, instead of Coca-Cola or Pepsi being the actual people paying for the ad, you would have the adver-tising agency: This ad is sponsored by Ogilvy & Mather or McCann Erickson. That is not very helpful to the Amer-ican people. So this has resulted in a major loop-hole in which special interests and wealthy donors can anonymously spend limitless amounts of money to influ-ence the outcomes of our elections. That is not what Congress intended. Despite having the authority to do so, the FCC has refused to take action to close this loophole. My amendment, by restating the original constitutional intent, would have sent a message to the FCC that it is time to act. We all know how much secret money has flooded our politics, weakened ac-countability in government, and made it harder for voters to develop a true opinion of the individuals they will send to Congress to represent them. My amendment would have helped to change that and, hopefully, would have begun to restore a minimum level of honesty in our electoral system. The amendment was germane within the rules of this body, and the solution it provided was well within the author-ity of the FCC. Most importantly, an overwhelming majority of Americans—Republicans, Democrats, and Independents—want us to do this. They want us to reform and fix our broken campaign finance sys-tem. Unfortunately, Republicans on the Rules Committee voted against the in-terests of a majority of Americans and blocked my amendment from coming to the floor. While they killed my amendment, I am glad the amendment offered by my colleague, Mr. L
UJA´N, will be up for consideration today. It will give us a chance to debate the lack of disclosure and transparency in campaign ads. Unlike the underlying bill, it offers a specific solution to a real problem. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), another terrific member of our Subcommittee on Com-munications and Technology. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, as a member of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, I rise in strong support of Mr. K
INZINGER ’s bill. The Internet has dramatically changed the global economy and how every one of us lives daily life. It is the great equalizer, providing an open plat-form to boost innovation and job cre-ation, expand expression and free speech, as much as any invention in history. But some unelected officials here in Washington are eager to regulate it, and some in office across the country are eager to tax it. We must prevent both. The prosperity and opportunity we have come to know from the Internet will be compromised if Internet access becomes another victim of an overweening governmental agency. The apps on your mobile phone and for your online accounts, your social sphere and your personal and profes-sional information come not from the permission of unelected officials, but from the work of innovators who have invented this 21st century technology. They must remain empowered to con-tinue their innovation. We cannot allow the government a foothold for Internet control. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support H.R. 2666. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), a wonderful and important member of the Sub-committee on Communications and Technology. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank my ranking member on the Commu-nications and Technology Sub-committee and the chair of the Com-munications and Technology Sub-committee. There are two questions here. First is net neutrality. One of the biggest deci-sions that the FCC made was to protect net neutrality. Before they issued their order, they had literally millions of comments from people all across this country, in your district and in mine, urging that net neutrality be maintained and pre-served. The chairman and the FCC did that with their order. Now, that has raised some questions as to whether the assertion of FCC au-thority is going to result in microman-aging through regulation, and that would be a legitimate concern if it were a concern. But the chairman has made it ex-tremely clear that he has no intention whatsoever of doing any kind of rate regulation under title II. He is not going to do it. It hasn’t been done. So this bill, which is going to ‘‘pro-hibit rate regulation’’ has some signifi-cant and potentially very dangerous consequences for two things, net neu-trality and protection of consumers. We need an FCC that is going to be there to protect consumers against some potentially bad practices, like cramming or overbilling, things that traditionally the FCC has done as the agency that is protecting consumers against bad practices. b0945 The reason why many experts believe that this bill would result in that hap-pening is because there is no definition of rate regulation. There is none. The burden on legislators, when we propose something, is to be clear and specific as to what it is that is being proposed. There is no definition whatsoever in this bill about rate regulation. This bill is founded on an apprehension that something bad will happen, but it gives an undefined answer to prevent an un-defined event from happening. So the effect here is that you have a bill that is playing on the fear of the unknown. My preference would be for us to not pass this bill, not endanger the author-ity of the FCC to take steps that help consumers in your district and in my district, and to focus where we should be focusing, in my view, on steps that we can take to improve broadband ac-cess in speeds, particularly for rural areas, rural Vermonters. There is a common goal that we have in our com-mittee to try to get the broadband out and deployed at higher speeds in all of our areas, particularly the rural areas that are in jeopardy. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I would just like to point out for the R
ECORD that on page 4 of the bill, H.R. 2666, on line 7, there is a definition of broadband Internet access service. We also have the definition of rate; we have the definition of regulation all spelled out in the bill. And very spe-cific to the issue of cramming and ille-gal actions on truth-in-billing and all, those are also called for in the bill. He may be looking at an old draft of the bill or something, but it is not the legislation before us. We do define what rate regulation is. We do make sure that the FCC continues to enforce subpart Y, part 64, title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations, relating to truth-in-billing requirements. That is lines 18 through 20 of the bill. So those things actually were addressed in the legislation that is now before the House. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, it actually was great to follow my colleague from Vermont, who is a thoughtful indi-vidual, who always raises good ques-tions, who really is open to debate, and he stumbles onto the truth in this. This does have an issue of net neu-trality. Our problem has always been, we now have a Federal agency impos-ing what there was no need or desire, by many of us, to fix. So now we are trying to make sure that this Federal agency doesn’t kill the goose that laid the golden egg. There is a fear. He was correct in also saying there was a fear. So how do you ease that fear? You enshrine into law the promises made by the administration and by the Chairman of the FCC. You take away the fear. It is not like, well, maybe this is what he said, but maybe he will do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.007 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1746 April 15, 2016 
this. Just codify it. Then we know what the law is. Then everyone who brings it into litigation can say, well, here is the black and white law. Of course, we also have trouble with the courts. We would hope that the courts would read the black and white lan-guage of the law and then rule that way. All we are trying to do is trust, but verify. What we see is that the net neu-trality debate was a fix seeking a prob-lem, which there was no problem. No one can stand on our side today and say we have not advanced greatly by this new technological age and that we need more government to help cause it to flourish more. We are afraid of a Federal agency. We are afraid that the FCC has gone too far. We need to enshrine this into law. Everybody knows the ground rules. That is all my colleague, Mr. K
INZINGER , is trying to do. I would ask my colleagues to support it. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, may I get an update on the time remaining on each side? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Or-egon has 13 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 16
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), who has an incredible background in rate regulation and the commission there and is a terrific member of our sub-committee. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chair, as the chairman said, I served nearly 10 years as a title II rate regulator on the North Dakota Public Service Commission, and I know what title II rate regula-tion looks like. The Internet is not an appropriate vehicle or medium for this type of regulation. The Internet is not a monopoly railroad, the Internet is not a monopoly telephone company, it is not a monopoly electric or gas util-ity. The Internet is a dynamic, com-petitive innovator. Even the threat of this type of regulation stifles that in-novation, and we do not want that to happen. I want to address the amendment that was referred to by the ranking member of the subcommittee, who I have great respect for. She referred to the term ‘‘permanent forbearance.’’ That is a contradiction in terms. For-bearance is, by definition, temporary. He who has the authority to forebear has the authority to unforebear. That is exactly what her amendment did. That is why it was not adequate to this bill. This legislation simply codifies that which the President of the United States and the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission prom-ised: to not regulate rates. If they promised to do it, God bless them. But we don’t know that the next Chairman and the next President will live up to that promise. This law ensures that that promise is kept by codifying it. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the distin-guished majority leader of the United States House of Representatives. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, the biggest goal of the in-novation initiative is to bring govern-ment into the modern age, making the policies that come out of Washington reflect and adapt to the world today. What has shaped our world more in the 21st century than the Internet? Education, commerce, communica-tion, information. Everything in our lives has changed because of the Inter-net. How did the Internet become some-thing so important, so useful, and so widespread? Government left it alone. It expanded to reach and help billions because bu-reaucrats weren’t allowed to micro-manage it. I remember hearing this from AOL founder Steve Case. It was back in 1985. He said only 3 percent of people were online for an average of just 1 hour a week. Today, the Internet has reached about 40 percent of the world. That is an amazing growth. Unfortunately, the freedom that led to this amazing success is at risk. Right now, it is an open question whether the FCC can regulate Internet rates. Congress needs to clarify that it has no authority to do so. If the FCC were to regulate rates, it could harm every American across the country that has a Wi-Fi connection by imposing artificial restraints on their plans and service options, it would stop needed investment in expanding and improving the Internet, and it would block innovation that we depend on to create better and faster Internet. Regu-lating rates means its bureaucrats think that they can manage the Inter-net better than the private sector, which has already brought fast and af-fordable connections to millions across the country. I know the FCC and President Obama promised they wouldn’t regulate broadband Internet rates from their of-fices in Washington, and that is a good thing. But that doesn’t mean I am not concerned. I don’t know about you, Mr. Chair, but after 7 years of broken promises, I have a hard time trusting this administration will follow through. So today we are voting to hold the administration to its word. They prom-ised not to regulate rates. This legisla-tion bars the FCC from regulating rates. It is as simple as that. I can’t imagine why anyone would object. I want to thank Congressman K
INZINGER for his work on this legisla-tion, holding the FCC and the Obama administration accountable. The innovation initiative is all about giving the American people the free-dom to grow and prosper. With this, the Internet stays a little freer, execu-tive overreach is held back, and we leave space for the people to innovate without the Federal Government try-ing to control it all. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LONG), another distinguished member of our Subcommittee on Com-munications and Technology. Mr. LONG. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, you don’t need a Ph.D. from MIT to understand what is going on here. Despite President Obama and Federal Communications Commission Chairman Wheeler’s past promises not to regulate the retail rates of Internet service providers, the Chairman an-nounced last week that the FCC will start a new regulatory framework for the evolving business data market, and told other House Energy and Com-merce Committee members and me last month that the FCC should have the authority to regulate broadband rates. Today, services provided over modern high-speed broadband facilities to cus-tomers are unregulated. It is a vibrant market where broadband companies compete vigorously for customers. If the administration gets in their way, the FCC will reverse course, price regulate business services, and create disincentives for further investment and deployment of high-speed fiber net-works throughout the Nation. These burdens would harm investments, stifle innovation, and cost tens of thousands of jobs. Mr. Chair, our economy and Amer-ican workers cannot afford this impact. I urge my colleagues to join me and support this crucial bill. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), another member of the Republican leadership, who is also a really important member of our committee and subcommittee. Mr. SCALISE. I thank Chairman W
ALDEN , and I want to thank my col-league, Congressman K
INZINGER , for his leadership on bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Chair, what we are trying to do here is to continue to allow the great innovation that we have seen from the technology industry. It has happened not because government has sat there and regulated every aspect of what they do. It is because government, frankly, hasn’t figured out how to reg-ulate them because the industry moves so fast. I think that has been a good thing. It has shown that if you allow an in-dustry to go out there and invest pri-vate money in creating great new tech-nologies, great new products, and you look at the development and deploy-ment of broadband, it is literally changing people’s lives for the good. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.008 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1747 April 15, 2016 
has allowed America to be such a great technological leader. But then when you see the threat of the FCC setting rates, regulating broadband, it will send a chilling effect that will not only kill that investment and slow down the ability and the growth that we have seen that has been so revolutionary in this country, but it will kill jobs in this country. We need to stop the threat of the FCC being able to set rates in a way that can slow down that growth. We have seen such tremendous growth in the technology industry by the govern-ment not being in this arena. What Congressman K
INZINGER is doing with this bill protects taxpayers and pro-tects the growth and innovation that we need in this country. I urge adoption of the bill. b1000 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), another great member of our committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2666, the No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Ac-cess Act, which will prohibit the FCC from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service. This bill will help prevent further FCC overreach, save tens of thousands of jobs, keep rates affordable for con-sumers, and provide certainty for the future of broadband regulation. For the last year and a half, the FCC has insisted it would not regulate broadband Internet rates. That changed last month when Chairman Wheeler reversed course and contra-dicted all previous testimony on the FCC’s intent to regulate rates. Many of our local businesses and or-ganizations would suffer from further FCC overreach. Many already suffer from the uncertainty and vague new legal standards that have been imposed by the FCC. Regulating rates before and even after they are issued would further infuse the worst government meddling into a market that should re-main nimble and competitive. I thank Congressman K
INZINGER for his excellent and timely work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 2666. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), a gentleman who cares deeply about this issue. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise to express my support for H.R. 2666. In 2015, the FCC reclassified Internet service providers as title II common carriers, giving themselves the ability to regulate Internet rates and user pri-vacy. The administration has promised that this new agency power will not be used to regulate broadband rates; how-ever, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has admitted that the FCC should have the authority to do so. This regulatory un-certainty is why this bill is needed. H.R. 2666 would prohibit the FCC from regulating rates charged for broadband Internet access and would hold the administration to the promise it made to American consumers. Pre-venting government interference with broadband retail rates would give smaller providers greater confidence when making investments, particularly those that would increase Internet ac-cess in rural and small communities. I urge my colleagues to help prevent the government micromanagement of Internet access by supporting H.R. 2666. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. CLARKE ), an important mem-ber of the committee. Ms. CLARKE of New York. I thank our ranking member, Ms. E
SHOO , and the chairman. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose H.R. 2666, the No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act, which would prohibit the FCC from regu-lating rates for broadband Internet ac-cess. I agree with the premise behind the bill. The Commission should not be set-ting rates for broadband access. In fact, we have heard from FCC Chairman Wheeler. He has stated several times that he does not intend to set rates. Like millions of Americans who made their voices heard last year, I support a free and open Internet. I do not believe the FCC needs to get into the business of regulating consumer broadband rates. H.R. 2666, however, is overbroad and far-reaching. The unin-tended consequences of the bill before us would undermine important con-sumer protections and would threaten a free and open Internet. For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to oppose the bill before us today. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, how much time remains on both sides? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). The gentleman from Or-egon has 7 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from California has 15
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. I thank the chairman for his work on this important bill. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2666, the No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act. The bill does just that—prohibits the Federal Communications Commission from unnecessarily regulating broadband rates. This legislation en-sures that not only the current Com-mission but future Commissions will not have the option to regulate broadband Internet rates, which will protect the free market, encourage competition, and promote jobs; and that is what we need to be all about. Plain and simple, unelected Wash-ington bureaucrats at the FCC have set out with another solution in search of a problem. By shifting the classifica-tion of broadband Internet to be a title II common carrier, the FCC is, simply, reclassifying broadband Internet to fall under their rulemaking purview. This is nothing more than another power grab by the administration to regulate and control yet another indus-try. It is estimated that, if rules regu-lating broadband services are carried out, it could cost over 43,000 jobs, and I think we can all agree that it is not time to gamble with American jobs. When bureaucrats in Washington play the regulation game, no one wins. I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 2666, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I have no further requests for time, and I am pre-pared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this has been an inter-esting discussion on the floor this morning. For people who are tuned in, I think that I want to stay away from Federal talk, telecommunications talk, governmentese. What this debate is all about is the Internet. There is a clear difference be-tween how the Democrats view the Internet and how to protect its open-ness and its accessibility, and that rests in net neutrality—not a very sexy term. What it means is that no ISP can get in the way of the consumer. All you have to do is look in your purse or in your pocket. What you take out and the content that you view and what-ever the Internet carries, no company can get in the way of that—to chop it up, to slow it down, to speed it up, to charge more. Now, our Republican colleagues have fought mightily, and I salute them with their mightily launched campaign in that they don’t believe in that, and that is really what is underneath this. They talk about Federal bureaucracies. They don’t like that. They talk about bureaucrats. They don’t like them. They talk about the President. They don’t like him. What is at the heart of all of this is that we believe in that open, accessible Internet. We do not believe that the ex-ecutive branch—in this case, the FCC— should be able to regulate broadband rates. We have said so. We have said so time and again. The gentleman from North Dakota objected to my amendment. He said that it was an oxymoron. Our amend-ment codified. No one else codified. We offered codification in the law that not only this FCC Commission but all fu-ture Commissions—all future Chair-men—could not exact rate regulation. I don’t know what needs to be done in order to get to ‘‘yes’’ around here, and it is curious to me that all of the speakers on the other side never ref-erenced what we put on the table—that there is agreement. Really, this bill goes beyond that, and that is what we object to. There is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.009 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1748 April 15, 2016 
not one consumer organization in our country that supports what the major-ity is doing. We stand with consumers. They need a cop on the beat—we don’t need the rate regulation of broadband by the FCC—just the way other agen-cies are supposed to look after the best interests of the American people. In fact, in the Communications Act, the public interest is stated over 100 times. We believe in that. The majority has gone too far with this bill. It can hurt small businesses, and it will hurt con-sumers. That is where we draw the line. Mr. Chairman, for all of these rea-sons, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 2666. It goes too far. We were willing to meet and join hands and have something sail through the House—and I think it would have in the other body as well—and that is that there be no rate regulation of broadband Internet. I don’t know. Maybe the majority was shocked that we agreed with their talking point. We are serious about it. We offered a solu-tion to it that was rejected not once but twice. Very disappointing. For all of these reasons and with what my col-leagues stated on this side in the mag-nificent statements that they made, I urge the House to reject this legisla-tion because it goes well beyond its stated intent. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I do appreciate the comments by my friend, and I consider her a good friend. We have worked together on a lot of issues successfully and have found common ground time and time again. Then there are days like today when we just see things differently and, per-haps, read them differently. That is what democracy is, after all, all about: competing ideas that come to an open marketplace where we can have an up- or-down vote by the people’s Rep-resentatives. Let me talk about a couple of things, Mr. Chair. First of all, there is the issue of net neutrality, itself. As my friend from California knows, I put together a draft bill in January of 2015—nearly a year and a half ago now. That bill read: no blocking, no paid prioritization, no throttling, and it required trans-parency, which are the core principles of an open Internet order. My col-leagues on this side of the aisle are for all of those things. The door remains open for Democrats to join us in spon-soring that legislation. We looked for-ward to that, hopefully, in going for-ward, but we couldn’t reach agreement on those very clear positions. My colleague said, Gee, they are for not having the Federal Communica-tions Commission regulate rates for broadband Internet access service. I think that is an accurate description of what the gentlewoman said she was for. Let me go to page 3 of the bill and just, simply, read from line 6, section 2: ‘‘Regulation of broadband rates prohib-ited.’’ Line 7: ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Federal Communications Commission may not regulate the rates charged for broadband Internet access service.’’ That is what this bill does. Now, here is where people may get a little confused because, on the one hand, we say no tariffing. That means no setting of the rates ahead of time. We agree that that is a bad idea. You have heard that from both sides of the aisle here. Yet, you see, the door that remains cracked open is the one they refuse to close; so the chilling winter air of regulatory overreach blows through that crack in the door be-cause, if you don’t close the ability of the agency to come in after the fact and say ‘‘what you did on your rates we no longer think is correct,’’ then you have after-the-fact rate regulation, which is even more uncertain than up- front tariffing, than an up-front setting of the rates. It is with this that we find ourselves in disagreement with my friends across the aisle. You see, they are willing to say no tariffing in ad-vance, but they are not willing to close the door that allows the chilly air that will freeze out innovation—a post-ac-tion regulation—from occurring. Having been in small business for 20- plus years earlier in my life and in the radio business, I know what regulation is. I know how to follow them. I know what a public file is. I actually kept them and did all of these things in our little radio station; but I cannot imag-ine if, after the fact, my regulator could come back and say: Do you know those ads you sold to the local car deal-er? Even though they were printed on your rate card and they were publicly disclosed and all of that, we think, maybe, that was a little too high. b1015 So you have to go back and you have to change things. There is no definition of how far back they could go. Could they go back 6 months? A year? 2 years? 10 years? I don’t know. See, I guess you get to the point that the Internet thrives today in an envi-ronment where it was never regulated. That is what really made it go off the charts, is the innovators in Silicon Valley and I daresay in my district, in Oregon, and elsewhere, all over the world literally. There is no central- only point of innovation when it comes to the Internet and technology. It is global. The economy has flourished globally and has done all that without three Commissioners—or two Commissioners and one Chairman, three people in America deciding what you can and can’t do. You have got to go: Mama, can I? Daddy, can I? Can I after the fact? Is it going to be okay? This is the new envi-ronment when you treat the Internet like an old, black, dial-up phone. Fundamentally, that is what Chair-man Wheeler decided to do with pres-sure from the White House. They lost their independence as an agency when they went down this path to say that the Internet is now like an old phone line. Or, as you heard the former mem-ber of the Public Utility Commission from North Dakota, my friend, Mr. C
RAMER , who was in the rate regula-tion business, say, the Internet, it is not appropriate to regulate it as an old common carrier, an old railroad system that is a monopoly because the Inter-net is not a monopoly. We want inno-vation for consumers. We want the competition in the marketplace that we know drives down prices. When you have three people in Amer-ica wanting to set the rates after the fact, which is what would happen in the FCC with a partisan Commission, as it is constructed today, they get to make the call, not consumers who say: you know, I kind of like that Binge On thing. That is new and innovative. And the Chairman will say: Well, yeah. We let that go. We think that is okay. That is the point. The Chairman got to say: We think that is okay. Prior to title II regulation, the chair-man didn’t have a say in that. The marketplace did. The consumers could go: I don’t like that, so I am going to that carrier. Some other carrier can say: I don’t like what they’re doing, and I am going to offer you this. Now all that is going to get second- guessed by a government that is too big and is too much in our lives, and that is only going to get more regu-latory in its scope and scheme. Finally, let me just restate the argu-ment raised earlier that somehow con-sumers could be hurt by truth-in-bill-ing fraud or paid prioritization. We spe-cifically addressed those in the bill that came to the floor. We listened to our colleagues. We lis-tened to those who testified. We made changes in the bill. We didn’t do every-thing that everybody wanted because this is a compromise process. It is a good piece of legislation that protects consumers, encourages inno-vation, and does what our constituents want us to do: draw clear statutory lines that agencies have to follow, not devolve all authority to them. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of H.R. 2666. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, printed in the bill, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5-minute rule and shall be consid-ered read. The text of the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2666 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Rate Regu-lation of Broadband Internet Access Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.011 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1749 April 15, 2016 
SEC. 2. REGULATION OF BROADBAND RATES PRO-HIBITED. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Federal Communications Commission may not regulate the rates charged for broadband Internet access service. 
SEC. 3. EXCEPTIONS. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to af-fect the authority of the Commission to— (1) condition receipt of universal service sup-port under section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254) by a provider of broadband Internet access service on the regula-tion of the rates charged by such provider for the supported service; (2) enforce subpart Y of part 64 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to truth- in-billing requirements); or (3) enforce section 8.9 of title 47, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (relating to paid prioritization). 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
For purposes of this Act, broadband Internet access service shall not be construed to include data roaming or interconnection. 
SEC. 5. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
ROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS SERVICE .— The term ‘‘broadband Internet access service’’ has the meaning given such term in the rules adopted in the Report and Order on Remand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order that was adopt-ed by the Commission on February 26, 2015 (FCC 15–24). (2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission. (3) R
ATE.—The term ‘‘rate’’ means the amount charged by a provider of broadband Internet ac-cess service for the delivery of broadband Inter-net traffic. (4) R
EGULATION .—The term ‘‘regulation’’ or ‘‘regulate’’ means, with respect to a rate, the use by the Commission of rulemaking or enforce-ment authority to establish, declare, or review the reasonableness of such rate. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–490. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 1 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . YARMUTH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–490. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 20, strike ‘‘; or’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 3, line 22, strike the period and insert ‘‘; or’’. Page 3, after line 22, insert the following: (4) promulgate regulations that require a television broadcast station, AM or FM radio broadcast station, cable operator, direct broadcast satellite service provider, or sat-ellite digital audio radio service provider, to the extent such station, operator, or pro-vider is required to make material in its pub-lic inspection file available on, or upload such material to, an Internet website, to make such material available or upload such material in a format that is machine-read-able, such that the format supports the auto-mated searching for particular text within and among documents, the bulk downloading of data contained in such material, the ag-gregation, manipulation, sorting, and anal-ysis of the data contained in such material, and such other functionality as the Commis-sion considers appropriate. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 672, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that will make it easier for the American people to figure out who is trying to influence their vote through campaign ads. Right now, when someone is placing a political commercial on the air, the TV station is required to upload to the FCC public site information that iden-tifies the name of the ad’s sponsor, the duration of the ad, and the cost of the ad. But the FCC’s site is cumbersome, slow, and impossible to search, which defeats the purpose of this require-ment. This amendment clarifies that noth-ing in the underlying bill will prevent the FCC from requiring those entities that must submit a public inspection file to do so in a machine-readable for-mat, which would guarantee that it is easily sortable, searchable, and downloadable. Adopting the Luja´n amendment will send a message to the FCC that there is strong congressional support for making this information more acces-sible so that the American people have at least a chance to figure out who is trying to influence our elections. Furthermore, this amendment would fix a real-world problem, unlike the un-derlying bill, which is a vague solution in search of a nonexistent problem. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment states that nothing in the bill shall affect the FCC’s authority to require that TV and radio stations and video and audio satellite providers make their public inspection files available online or in a machine-read-able format. Mr. Chairman, I was in the radio business for 21 years. I would guess I am probably one of the few, if only, people who have actually had to main-tain a public file. I don’t know if the gentleman knows all the things that are in those public files. I would be happy to go through the very long list of them. I don’t think the way the amendment is constructed is perhaps what he is seeking. I understand the part about public disclosure of time purchase, who is purchasing it, and all of that. But the public file includes all FCC authorizations, applications and re-lated materials, contour maps, owner-ship reports and related materials, por-tions of Equal Employment Oppor-tunity file, the public and broadcasting manual itself, children’s television pro-gramming reports, DTV transition edu-cation reports, citizen agreements, then the political file, letters and emails from the public, material relat-ing to FCC investigations and com-plaints, issues/program lists, donor lists for noncommercials educational channels, records concerning children’s programming commercial limits, local public notice certifications and an-nouncements, time brokerage agree-ments, must-carry or retransmission consents elections, joint sales agree-ments, and it goes on and on. Ours was a full drawer. We were just a little AM and FM radio station, and it was a full drawer in a filing cabinet. By the way, if you didn’t have each file in the proper order, you could be fined. You had to have the political catechism in there. You had to have all these things. I understand what the gentleman is going for, and I am for disclosure. We had to do it. We did it. People came and looked at the file. It was all open and transparent, and now it does have to be online already. I just think this is an inappropriate place to go down this other path, when we are dealing with rate regulation of the Internet. I realize the gentleman cares passionately about the political disclosure issue, but I would just argue, Mr. Chair, that this is the wrong place. I think the amendment is clumsily worded in terms of the scope and mag-nitude that would occur in terms of making all this machine-readable. Be-cause I am thinking about a little AM radio station out there that is barely keeping the doors open, and we are going to tell them they have got to have their contour maps machine-read-able? I don’t even know how to do that. I know some programs like Adobe you can click, and some you can’t. I don’t know. It is a pretty big new require-ment on these stations. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ). Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support the Luja´n, Pallone, Yarmuth, and Clarke amendment. This commonsense amendment would ensure that the FCC can easily deter-mine who is paying for political ads. More specifically, this amendment would guarantee that nothing in this bill would prevent the FCC from re-quiring that TV broadcast stations, AM and FM radio broadcast stations, cable operators, direct broadcast sat-ellite service providers, or satellite dig-ital audio radio service providers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.003 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1750 April 15, 2016 
upload the public inspection file in the format that is machine-readable. Unfortunately, there is a large amount of unlimited money moving through our electoral system. This amendment gives all voters the peace of mind of knowing our elections are fair and transparent. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. First, in response to Chairman W
AL-
DEN—and I know that he shares my in-terest in creating effective disclosure of campaign contributions and ads— this amendment does not mandate any particular form of machine-readable information. It only says that the Commission is not prohibited from re-quiring that certain parts of informa-tion are readable in machine format. I want to read a few quotes on disclo-sure: ‘‘Disclosure requirements deter ac-tual corruption and avoid the appear-ance of corruption by exposing large contributions and expenditures to the light of publicity.’’ ‘‘With modern technology, disclosure now offers a particularly effective means of arming the voting public with information.’’ ‘‘Today, given the Internet, disclo-sure offers much more robust protec-tions against corruption.’’ ‘‘Because massive quantities of infor-mation can be accessed at the click of a mouse, disclosure is effective to a de-gree not possible at the time Buckley, or even McConnell, was decided.’’ All of the quotes are from the major-ity opinion in McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission, written by Chief Justice Roberts. Now, I don’t agree with the decision, but I sure do agree with his position that disclosure is critical to the integ-rity of our electoral system in the wake of this decision. I believe that adopting the common-sense Lujan amendment shows that Congress values transparency in gov-ernment and will help restore a level of trust with the public. I urge my colleagues to support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise for my closing statement to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Again, I think it is overly broad. Be-yond that, the gentleman from Ken-tucky kind of hit it on the head when he said that this doesn’t require the FCC to do anything in terms of the ma-chine-readable technology and all. Be-cause, in theory, in reality, the way it is written, it basically says: nothing in this bill prevents them from doing something, by the way, which they can already do. The whole point, though, is this has nothing to do with the issue at hand in the legislation. Our constituents really believe we should take one issue at a time. The issue here is about controlling a bureaucracy from doing something it has never had the power to do before: giving clarity in the marketplace, that they cannot regulate the rates of Inter-net service providers, which, in effect, has the ability of regulating innova-tion in new offerings for consumers. So I must oppose this amendment and ask my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–490. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 20, strike ‘‘; or’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 3, line 22, strike the period and insert ‘‘; or’’. Page 3, after line 22, insert the following: (4) act in the public interest, convenience, and necessity. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 672, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 2666. This amendment would help to rein in some of the unintended con-sequences of the bill by preserving the FCC’s authority to act in the public in-terest, convenience, and necessity. The public interest is a key principle that the Commission has used to pro-tect consumers since Congress first created the agency in 1934, and it is just as important today. The FCC has consistently looked to the public interest standard when tak-ing action to protect consumers, foster innovation, and increase competition. The standard has been a hallmark of many of the most important policies of the Commission. To give you a sense, the words ‘‘public interest’’ appear over 100 times in the Communications Act. That is 100 times. That is how per-vasive it is. Even with the amended version of the bill that was reported out of com-mittee, serious concerns remain that the bill is going to have far-reaching and unintended consequences. For example, it could be that the Commission would no longer be able to investigate data caps, pay for privacy practices. The Commission could also lose fur-ther protections for various types of unfair and discriminatory practices that affect how much they pay for broadband. My amendment would seek to limit some of those unintended consequences by ensuring that the Commission con-tinues to have the authority that has historically served it so well. Moreover, by preserving the FCC’s authority to act in the public interest, my amendment would safeguard the broad aims that the Communication Act embodies. b1030 This amendment would continue to appropriately focus the FCC toward promoting the public good. I urge my Members to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I must rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, this one is a little more insidious than the last one because what it does is pre-cisely what the gentleman says it does. It says, ‘‘Nothing in this act can affect the FCC’s authority to act in the pub-lic interest, convenience, or neces-sity.’’ And he is right. That term of art is all over communications law. Let me make that clear: all over communica-tions—it is so broad, you can drive a rate-regulated truck back through it, a de facto after-the-fact regulation. And that is the point. When you give the bureaucracy wide- open language that says ‘‘in the public interest,’’ it sounds good on its face, but the practical impact for someone who wants to regulate, it is on their own authority, they go, well, we think that rate is in the public interest to bring down after the fact. See, then what we have done is em-power others unelected to make deci-sions based on a term of art which, while it may be pervasive, is also wide open. That is what we are trying to avoid here, Mr. Chairman. See, the FCC could say, we are not going to rate regulate unless we want to rate regulate because we will deter-mine on our own whether it is in the public interest to do so. All that sounds good, ‘‘public inter-est’’ sounds good, and it is good and it is an important part of our law, but in this case, remember where we start. Until Chairman Wheeler was directed, in effect, by the White House to treat the Internet like an old utility, none of this was regulated. That is the vibrant Internet we have today, and that is what Republicans are trying to pre-serve, an open Internet. We are all with you on blocking and throttling and pay prioritization and those issues. I have got draft legisla-tion to legally say no to all of that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.015 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1751 April 15, 2016 
But when it comes to suffocating inno-vation in the marketplace and new of-ferings to consumers and really the vi-brant competition that has been out here to this point, we have to draw a line with our friends. They say you don’t want to tariff in advance, and we are with them on that, but the worst thing—the worst thing— when you are in business is the uncer-tainty of after-the-fact decisionmaking by your regulator—after-the-fact deci-sionmaking by your regulator. Unfor-tunately, Mr. M
CNERNEY ’s proposal here, his amendment would allow that door to remain open, allow the agency to have this unfettered authority. Now, we have got provisions through-out the bill and in other law, both at State and Federal level, to protect con-sumers against fraud and to protect consumers on truth-in-billing. All those things are there. Those protec-tions remain. Our sole purpose here and why we have been very narrow and specific and clear in our legislation is rate regula-tion is not something the FCC should take on. Consumers should have that power and authority, and people who want to innovate against the giant companies out there should be able to enter that marketplace with creative new packages that allow consumers to make choices and not have to go to Washington, D.C., and seek privilege and an audience with the chairman to find out if what they are proposing might be okay after the fact if they do it. Mr. Chairman, I have to rise in oppo-sition to Mr. M
CNERNEY ’s amendment. He is a good member of the committee. I like working with him, but in this case, the amendment is horribly flawed and would do grave damage to the mar-ketplace. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate—or I sort of ap-preciate the chairman’s comments, and I do appreciate the idea of broadness here; but if you look at what the actual bill says, ‘‘may not regulate rates charged for broadband Internet serv-ices,’’ that is the definition of broad. You can’t get any broader than that. So we want to rein that in a little bit. We don’t want unintended con-sequences out here, but let me say what my amendment says. ‘‘Act in the public interest, convenience, and ne-cessity.’’ Would the chairman like it if I took out ‘‘convenience’’? Should I just say ‘‘act in the public interest and neces-sity’’? Would that be good enough, Mr. Chairman? Mr. WALDEN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CNERNEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Oregon. Mr. WALDEN. What I think would be really good is you withdraw your amendment and vote for the under-lying bill that is really clear in its scope and faith and is a really good leg-islative product. Mr. MCNERNEY. Well, again, I appre-ciate the chairman’s and Mr. K
INZINGER ’s work on this, and I appre-ciate working with the chairman on this, but I am going to have to insist that we look at this amendment and take it seriously. I do want to protect the public interest. That is really what this comes down to. Again, the term shows up 100 times in the act, so let’s not turn our back on the intent of the act. Let’s move for-ward in a way that protects the public interest. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I would again urge opposition to the amend-ment of the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time as well. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CNER-
NEY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–490 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. Y
ARMUTH of Kentucky. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. M
CNERNEY  of California. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . YARMUTH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
AR-
MUTH ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 231, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 150] AYES—179 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.019 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1752 April 15, 2016 
MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—23 
Bass Black Collins (NY) Connolly Delaney DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Engel Fattah Fincher Hanna Jones Lieu, Ted Marchant Nadler Payne Pelosi Rangel Simpson Stivers Thompson (CA) Tsongas Waters, Maxine 
b1056 Ms. STEFANIK, Messrs. ALLEN, NUGENT, YOUNG of Indiana, GROTHMAN, and MESSER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. FARENTHOLD, ISSA, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. CHAFFETZ, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ, and Mr. POLIS changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. (By unanimous consent, Mr. S
ESSIONS  was allowed to speak out of order.) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES RE -
GARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR H .R. 1206, 
H.R. 3724, H.R. 4885, AND H .R. 4890 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, yes-terday, the Rules Committee issued four announcements outlining the amendment processes for: H.R. 1206, No Hires for the Delinquent IRS Act; H.R. 3724, Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act; H.R. 4885, IRS Oversight While Elimi-nating Spending Act; and H.R. 4890, a bill to impose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of Treasury develops and implements a comprehensive customer service strategy. The amendment deadline for each bill has been set for 10 a.m. on Monday, April 18. For more details and the text of the bill, please contact me or visit the Rules Committee Web site. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, 2-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 231, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 151] AYES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—29 
Black Brady (TX) Bridenstine Ca´rdenas Collins (NY) Connolly Delaney DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Engel Fattah Fincher Hanna Jones Kildee Lieu, Ted Marchant Nadler Paulsen Payne Pelosi Rangel Schweikert Simpson Stivers Thompson (CA) Veasey Wagner Walz 
b1102 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 151, I was meeting with a constituent. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.006 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1753 April 15, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2666) to pro-hibit the Federal Communications Commission from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service, and, pursuant to House Resolu-tion 672, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. YARMUTH. I am in its current form. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order on the motion to re-commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Yarmuth moves to recommit the bill H.R. 2666 to the Committee on Energy Com-merce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: Add at the end the following: S
EC. ll Upon enactment of this Act it shall be in order to consider in the House of Representatives the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 125) establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. All points of order against consideration of the concurrent reso-lution are waived. The concurrent resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the concurrent resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the concur-rent resolution and on any amendment thereto to adoption without intervening mo-tion except: (1) one hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Budget; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
Mr. WALDEN (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the mo-tion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage as amended. Ladies and gentlemen, today, April 15, is the deadline for Congress to enact a budget resolution; but here we are, set to leave town without taking any action. To their credit, Republicans did write a budget and it was approved by their members of the Budget Committee. So why, after months of promises of a re-turn to regular order, would Speaker RYAN refuse to allow a floor vote on the Republican budget, the budget of his own party, the party he leads? Our obligation here in Congress is to control the purse strings of the coun-try. So why would a former Budget Committee chair not want a vote on his party’s budget, unless he didn’t want people to know what is inside of it. I don’t blame him. Our Democratic budget invests in education, infrastruc-ture, medical research, job training, job creation, American priorities that improve our communities today and in-crease revenue in the future. It is why they are called investments. In con-trast, the Republicans took the Euro-pean austerity approach: eviscerating each of those investments and taking health coverage away from 20 million Americans, ending Medicare as we know it, and jeopardizing the retire-ment of millions of Americans. It also makes us less competitive, and encour-ages companies to ship jobs overseas. Nobody knows the backlash from this rebuke of American values better than Speaker R
YAN, because the budget he wrote 4 years ago, when he was running for Vice President, had to be disavowed by his Presidential candidate running mate, Mitt Romney. It was so abhor-rent to the American people that even his own running mate couldn’t support it. So I get it, Mr. Speaker. I like your budget even less than you do. But you have it, and the people deserve to know what is in it and where their Rep-resentatives stand on it. You know, earlier this week, Speaker R
YANgave a speech explaining why he wasn’t going to be a candidate for President, and he said one of the rea-sons was we have too much work to do here in Congress. Well, he sure is right. So why are we here, and why were we here yesterday and the day before working on bills that have no consequence to the Amer-ican people when we should be doing the most important business we can, and that is to decide how much money we are going to spend and where for the American people. This motion to recommit is simple. It says, upon the bill’s passage, we will bring the Republican budget to the floor. So don’t hide behind procedural road-blocks to block debate. If you believe in your budget, make the case before the cameras and the American people. Let them see the contrast in our par-ties’ values so they can decide for themselves. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I raise a point of order against the motion be-cause the instruction contains matter in the jurisdiction of a committee to which the bill was not referred, thus violating clause 7 of rule XVI, which requires the amendment to be germane to the measure being amended. Committee jurisdiction is a central test of germaneness, and I am afraid I must insist on my point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from Oregon makes a point of order that the instructions proposed in the motion to recommit of-fered by the gentleman from Kentucky are not germane. Clause 7 of rule XVI—the germane-ness rule—provides that no proposition on a subject different from that under consideration shall be admitted under color of amendment. One of the central tenets of the ger-maneness rule is that an amendment may not introduce matter within the jurisdiction of a committee not rep-resented in the pending measure. The bill, H.R. 2666, as amended, ad-dresses rates for broadband Internet access service, which is a matter with-in the jurisdiction of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The instructions in the motion to re-commit propose an amendment con-sisting of a special order of business of the House, which is a matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Rules. As the Chair ruled in similar pro-ceedings yesterday, the instructions in the motion to recommit are not ger-mane because they are not within the jurisdiction of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. Accordingly, the motion to recommit is not germane. The point of order is sustained, and the motion is not in order. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 173, not voting 19, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.024 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1754 April 15, 2016 
[Roll No. 152] AYES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Black Collins (NY) Connolly Delaney DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Engel Fattah Fincher Hanna Jones Lieu, Ted Marchant Nadler Payne Pelosi Rangel Simpson Thompson (CA) 
b1126 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 152 on H.R. 2666, I am not recorded because I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 150 for passage of the Yarmuth Amendment No. 2, rollcall No. 151 for passage of the McNerney Amendment No. 3, rollcall No. 152 for final passage of H.R. 2666 which took place Friday, April 15, 2016, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 150, the Yarmuth Amend-ment No. 2, on rollcall No. 151, the McNerney Amendment No. 3. I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 152 for final passage of H.R. 2666. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, on April 15, 2016, I was absent and was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted as fol-lows: Rollcall No. 150—‘‘No.’’ Rollcall No. 151—‘‘No.’’ Rollcall No. 152—‘‘No.’’ LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader about the sched-ule for the week to come. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and at noon for legislative busi-ness. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. No votes are expected in the House on Friday. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. Mr. Speaker, since next Monday is Tax Day, the House will also consider four commonsense bills aimed at pro-tecting all taxpayers. First will be H.R. 1206, the No Hires for the Delinquent IRS Act, sponsored by Representative D
AVID ROUZER , and will ensure that IRS employees—the very people who are responsible for col-lecting taxes from every American— pay their own taxes. H.R. 4885, the IRS Oversight While Eliminating Spending Act, sponsored by Representative J
ASON SMITH, will require fees collected by the IRS to be subject to congressional appropriations so that there is proper oversight into how the taxpayer money is spent. H.R. 3724, the Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act, sponsored by Representative K
RISTI NOEM, will pro-hibit the IRS from rehiring someone who has been fired for cause. b1130 Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4890, the IRS Bonuses Tied to Measurable Metrics Act, sponsored by Representa-tive P
ATMEEHAN , will ban IRS bonuses until they can demonstrate improved customer service. It just doesn’t get any more common sense than that. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for that information. I want to ask him just one question on one of those commonsense bills that seeks to remove those employees who work for the IRS who collect taxes, that if they are delinquent, they will be removed. Does that apply to the Congress of the United States as well which levies those taxes, that if we have any Mem-bers who are delinquent, that they, too, would be removed? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The bill solely deals with the IRS, but he can always offer an amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.012 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1755 April 15, 2016 
Mr. HOYER. I may do that. First of all, let me thank the gen-tleman. We are confronting a crisis, as the gentleman so well knows, in Puerto Rico. On May 1, they will be unable to pay their debts. I want to thank the majority leader who has been leading to reach a bipar-tisan solution. Unfortunately, as the majority leader and I both know, there was a failure in committee this week to move the bill forward. But I want to reiterate my appreciation to the gen-tleman from California, the majority leader, for his efforts to make sure that we do, in fact, address this issue before May 1. I want to thank him for that. It is critical that we do so, it is crit-ical that we do so in a bipartisan fash-ion, and it is critical to have a bill that both sides can support. I have told the majority leader, and I reiterate, we hope that on both restructuring and the composition and the authority of a board of review, an oversight board, that we can come to an agreement so that we can have such a vote and have it in the near future. Secondly, can the majority leader tell me where we are? I know the budg-et has been reported out of committee. The gentleman talks about Tax Day. Obviously, we are now at the point when a budget was expected to be brought to the floor. Can the majority leader tell me where we stand on the budget process and the budget coming to the floor of the House of Representa-tives? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I will first touch on Puerto Rico. I thank the gentleman for his work on that. Let me start by saying that any proposal that the House considers can-not be a bailout of Puerto Rico. I know the committee had a markup and they postponed the vote on it sim-ply because Treasury was still negoti-ating. We had heard from those on your side of the aisle that they did not want to pursue or continue until Treasury was done negotiating. So we look for-ward to continue solving this problem in a bipartisan manner. I also understand the gentleman ask-ing about the budget. I do believe the budget process is an important one, and we are continuing to work through it. It is out of the committee, and I look forward to getting it onto the floor. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Let me mention two other items briefly because I know the gentleman has a time constraint. Zika and Ebola continue to be challenges to the health of Americans and, indeed, the health of the international community as well. Obviously, we previously committed a significant sum of money to meet the Ebola crisis, which still remains with us. It is not on the front burner as it was for a period of time, but it is, nev-ertheless, as the gentleman knows, a very significant and serious one. In addition, of course, we have the crisis that Zika poses to the health and welfare not only of women who either are or may become pregnant, but also to others as well. Can the gentleman tell me where the funding—as the gentleman knows, the administration transferred some funds out of the money that was dedicated to Ebola. And I want to thank the gen-tleman for having a hearing, which he invited me. We joined in having that hearing, and we had Secretary Burwell of HHS, Tony Fauci of NIH, and Dr. Frieden of CDC—a very important hearing. They have transferred some money. Does the gentleman have any infor-mation as to when we might move for-ward, both on backfilling the money that has been taken from Ebola and re-sponding to the administration’s re-quest for funding for response to Zika? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I do think the gentleman’s work is bipar-tisan on our challenge with Zika and as we continue to move forward with it. First, I am very happy to see that the administration did take our advice last week and began using the unused Ebola funding in our efforts to combat Zika. I know that was more than half a bil-lion dollars. That money is going to go a long way to containing the disease. I had met with the chairman of Appro-priations just today. They are con-tinuing to look and monitor. We be-lieve this money will take us through-out the rest of this fiscal year, but we will look and monitor where we need it and what we need to move forward. As the gentleman knows, every day we continue to learn more about Zika. We are committed on this side, and I know on your side as well, to make sure that we eradicate this problem from ever furthering in America. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I look forward to work-ing with him on both—continuing to focus on Ebola, while at the same time we focus on the immediate threat of Zika. The last comment I would make, Mr. Speaker, is that Members ought to be disabused of the concept—and I have heard it, as well as the gentleman has heard it—that the legislation under consideration for Puerto Rico is a bail-out. There is no money going to Puerto Rico. There is no guarantee of any of their indebtedness going from the United States to Puerto Rico. This is simply whether or not we can construct a mechanism so that they can restructure their debt, which may prolong the period of time in which the debt is paid off. It may reduce by some amount the debt that is repaid. But as the gentleman knows—and he is shak-ing his head in agreement—we are not contemplating nor are we moving for-ward on a bailout for Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 2016, TO MONDAY, APRIL 18, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, April 18, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LAHOOD). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TOM BOWERS (Mr. GRIFFITH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Tom Bowers. Tom is a Commonwealth attorney for the city of Salem, Virginia, who today, in a for-mal award ceremony at Federal Bureau of Investigation headquarters, is re-ceiving the Richmond FBI’s 2015 Direc-tor’s Community Leadership Award for his efforts to organize a Heroin Preven-tion Initiative in the Roanoke, Vir-ginia, area. Regrettably, the growing epidemic of heroin use is a plague on communities throughout the United States. Address-ing this nationwide problem will re-quire expanded coordination and in-volvement by local, State, and Federal governments, as well as law enforce-ment agencies and healthcare profes-sionals. I applaud Commonwealth Attorney Bowers and those working for him on the Heroin Prevention Initiative for their efforts to combat the heroin epi-demic by bringing awareness to the pervasiveness of prescription drug and heroin use among youth in our area and helping to alleviate the damage to our community. Others involved in this important work in this initiative include the Roa-noke Area Youth Substance Abuse Coa-lition, the Prevention Council of Roa-noke County, the Virginia State Po-lice, the City of Roanoke Police De-partment, the Vinton Police Depart-ment, and the Roanoke County Police Department. I also would note, of course, that Tom Bowers represents the city of Salem, and the city of Salem folks are involved as well. Congratulations to Commonwealth Attorney Bowers on being presented the Richmond FBI’s 2015 Director’s Community Leadership Award. 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Irvington, New Jersey, Christmas Day, December 25, 2013: Pierre Clervoyant, Jr., 34 years old; Woodley Daniel, 32; Mushir Cureton, 27. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.029 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1756 April 15, 2016 
Rochester, New York, August 19, 2015: Johnny Johnson, 25 years old; Rayquan Manigault, 19; Jonah Barley, 17. Hesston, Kansas, February 25, 2016: Brian Sadowsky, 43 years old; Josh Higbee, 31; Renee Benjamin, 30. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, March 9, 2016: Tina Shelton, 37 years old; Jerry Shelton, 35; Brittany Powell, 27; Shada Mahone, 26; Chanetta Powell, 25. Waynesville, Indiana, May 11, 2013: Kathryn Burton, 53 years old; Aaron T. Cross, 41; Shawn Burton, 41; Thomas W. Smith, 39. 
f 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY LEGISLATION (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to urge the Senate to quickly act on House-passed VA accountability leg-islation. According to recent VA Inspector General reports, wait time manipula-tion occurred at 40 VA facilities in 19 States. Yet, almost no one has seri-ously been held accountable for these failures. This isn’t even including the most egregious example of failures, like the VA employee who was convicted of charges related to armed robbery and still couldn’t be fired. The House has passed legislation to get at the root of this problem, and it is past time the Senate acts. H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act, contains my legislation that forces VA employees to solve problems for vet-erans. If they can’t, then the VA needs to make room for someone who can. Our veterans are too important to us, and they are counting on Congress to deliver them the care they need and de-serve. We have to send the VA account-ability legislation to the President’s desk now. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE FREDERICK P. AGUIRRE (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Judge Frederick P. Aguirre, and to congratulate him for his service. Judge Aguirre is a member of the Latino community and a judge of the Superior Court of Orange County. He was born and raised in Fullerton, Cali-fornia, and he is the grandson of Mexi-can immigrants. Judge Aguirre graduated from the University of Southern California with a degree in history, and he earned his law degree at UCLA. His career in pub-lic advocacy began when he attended the League of United Latin American Citizens, or LULAC. He began to at-tend the meetings, and by the time he was a senior in high school, he was the president-elect of the local chapter. He is the cofounder of the Hispanic Association of Lawyers in Orange County; the Hispanic Advisory Council for Court Appointed Special Advocates, or CASA as we know it; the founder and the vice president of the Leader-ship Academy of the Superior Court; and the president of Latino Advocates for Education. I know him best because he honors our veterans every year in a very large ceremony, calling out their service in the different wars. I am honored to recognize Judge Frederick Aguirre for his outstanding achievements within the Latino com-munity, the Orange County commu-nity, amongst our veterans, and for all citizens. f 
b1145 OBAMACARE FOR FINANCIAL PLANNING (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, last Wednesday, the Department of Labor finalized its fiduciary rule—or, as we could call it: ObamaCare for financial planning. This rule reclassifies and ex-pands the scope of individuals who are considered ‘‘financial advisers’’ and adds the Department of Labor as a new regulator. The investment advisory industry is already among the most regulated, but this rule will force a sweeping overhaul of the financial services industry. Most importantly, it will hurt middle class Americans. This new rule change, which cir-cumvents the Congress and the Con-stitution, will significantly raise legal and compliance costs, making it expen-sive, difficult, and impractical for com-panies like State Farm, which is headquartered in my congressional dis-trict, and their advising agents to con-tinue to provide services to small busi-nesses and hardworking customers. Ultimately, this rule will drastically narrow the access that these families, who are trying to save for retirement, will have by making financial advice more expensive. It will even penalize small businesses that want to provide benefits for their employees, thereby discouraging small businesses from providing 401(k) plans. I am committed to fighting the im-plementation of this rule, and I urge my colleagues to join me. 
f 
EQUAL PAY DAY (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, this week, we marked Equal Pay Day, which is the day more than 3 months into the year when women’s earnings finally catch up to men’s from the previous year. Mr. Speaker, it all adds up—$430,000. That is how much the average income loss is for a woman throughout her ca-reer as a result of this unfair wage gap. This means our mothers and our grand-mothers get less for their retirement security, and there are more of them in poverty. Inequality hurts the heart and it hurts the pocketbook. It hurts women and their families. That is why we need paycheck fairness, affordable child care, paid family leave, and retirement security. When women succeed, America suc-ceeds. f 
SUPPORTING THE LGBTQ COMMUNITY (Mr. FARR asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the 14th consecutive year in order to speak out on behalf of the LGBTQ youth community. It is unacceptable that, in 2016, young people are still experi-encing discrimination across this coun-try based on their sexual orientation or gender identity. Kaleb Lennon, a young transgender student in my district, sees this day as a chance to combat the bullying, the slurs, and the put-downs that these children face on a daily basis. I am proud to lend my voice to Kaleb’s cause. It is our duty to speak out against the bigotry and hatred facing this community. We must celebrate the diversity in this country and reject all forms of discrimination. Mr. Speaker, this is my last year to take the floor and support these young people. I ask that, next year, my col-leagues stand where I am and lend their voices to the support of the LGBTQ community. Today, as youth across the country take a vow of silence to protest the si-lent response they see to bigotry, I ask one last time that you remember that, while you are silent, we here in Con-gress should not be. 
f 
STEERING AND POLICY HEARING ON POVERTY (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to high-light yesterday’s Democratic Steering and Policy Committee hearing on the ‘‘Failure of Trickle-Down Economics in the War on Poverty.’’ The hearing highlighted the daily hardships that are faced by more than 46 million Americans. We know that too many families struggle to buy healthy food, to pay rent, and to access good-paying jobs. I was very proud that, among the witnesses at the hearing—all of whom were phenomenal—was my constituent, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.030 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1757 April 15, 2016 
Oakland resident Violet Henderson, who shared her personal story of over-coming poverty. After leaving, unfortu-nately, the criminal justice system, after being paroled, she told her story. She is a phenomenal individual who is raising her two children and is a stu-dent. She succeeded against over-whelming odds. Her story is a powerful example of resilience and dedication, which so many struggling Americans have. It should be a call to action for Mem-bers of Congress to help more people like Violet by supporting policies that will end poverty. Yet our Republican colleagues continue to promote harm-ful cuts to critical safety net programs despite knowing that these cuts will push more families over the edge; and the record of the members on Speaker R
YAN’s so-called Task Force on Pov-erty, Opportunity, and Upward Mobil-ity are just as bad, if not worse. Time and time again, they have voted to cut SNAP, to erode higher education fund-ing and Pell Grants, and to weaken af-fordable housing programs. Mr. Speaker, I insert in the R
ECORD  Violet Henderson’s testimony. 
TESTIMONY OF VIOLET HENDERSON AT HOUSE  D
EMOCRATIC STEERING AND POLICY COM-
MITTEE HEARING : ‘‘T HEFAILURE OF TRICKLE  D
OWNECONOMICS IN THE WAR ON POVERTY ,’’ A
PRIL 14, 2016 Thank you Leader Pelosi, Congresswoman DeLauro, Congresswoman Edwards, and Whip Hoyer. Thank you to the other panel-ists up here with me. And I want to give a special thank-you to my Congresswoman, Congresswoman Barbara Lee. I’m here today because of you, Congresswoman Lee, both be-cause you invited me to this hearing, but in a bigger sense, your leadership in Oakland and support of good reentry and economic policies has made it possible for me to escape poverty and live a life I am proud of and talk to you about today. I am honored to be here, and grateful that you have given me the opportunity to speak about these issues. I am a worker, a mother, a grandmother, a formerly incarcerated per-son, a churchgoer, and a student. I can speak only for myself but I hope that my testimony today can give voice to the millions of people who, like me, got caught up in the criminal justice system, worked in-credibly hard to transform their lives, but still face lifelong stumbling blocks to finan-cial stability. Unlike me, too many people who worked have never escaped poverty de-spite their hard work. For me, like so many, the challenges start-ed with childhood poverty. My father died when I was four years old. My mother had seven children to care for on her own and she really struggled. I grew up in the Aliso Vil-lage housing project in East Los Angeles. I never remember, as a child, having hope or vision about a bright future. My ‘‘escape’’ came when I was fourteen years old. My 21-year-old boyfriend took me to Oakland and made me work the streets. At the time, I did not have the privilege of believing that I deserved more and better for my life. I was first arrested for when I was sixteen years old but I was not seen as the victim of sex trafficking. I was treated like a criminal. And I became one. My next boy-friend, who was 25 years older than I was, taught me how to become a thief. When I was 19 years old I was sent to prison for grand theft and conspiracy of several hun-dred dollars in a street scam. Because I was a high school dropout, I got my G.E.D. while I was in prison, and after-ward I took college-level classes. For the first time in my life I was exposed to learn-ing, and I loved it. While in prison I met a mother and a daughter who were incarcer-ated at the same time. This broke my heart because the daughter had a child whom she missed dearly and tried to escape from pris-on to get back to her child. The moment I heard that the daughter tried to escape, I made a decision to change my life. I wanted children but I was going to put them through that. I have never looked back. Once I got out, I had two wonderful chil-dren and dedicated myself to supporting them. I worked full-time as a cosmetologist but still did not earn enough to feed my fam-ily. For a while we survived because we had access to food stamps, which we needed even when I was working multiple full-time jobs. Then, thanks to an affirmative action pro-gram, I was able to join the local Laborers Union and I worked heavy construction for the next 20 years. It was hard physical labor but I was grateful for the opportunity be-cause I earned more money than I had ever earned at any other job. It allowed me, as a single parent, to provide for my children, though we still struggled. Working as a laborer became more and more difficult as I grew older and I looked for other work. When I was 54 years old I was denied office jobs because of my convictions, which were then 30 years old. Thanks to free reentry clean slate legal services—which Congresswoman Barbara Lee helped start in Oakland at the East Bay Community Law Center—I was able to clean up my record, and as a result I was able to get a great job, and thankfully one that this sixty-one-year- old body can handle. I’m coordinating the environmental/waste reduction program for a large city agency. It has been an inspiring and wonderful opportunity. I was even able to fulfill my life-long dream of becoming a homeowner and I bought a condo in Oakland. A few years back I enrolled in a commu-nity college in Oakland to study Environ-mental Management, where I take night and evening classes. I have surprised myself by earning a 3.92 GPA, and was even more sur-prised when I was recently invited to trans-fer to the University of California at Berke-ley. But—and this why we are here today—de-spite my successes, and despite working as hard as a person can work, I have worried constantly about keeping my head above water financially. I have had stable employ-ment, and I have catapulted myself out of the deep poverty my family knew when I was a child. BUT still, even now, I can’t say that I have feel economically secure. I struggled mightily to hold onto my condo through the economic recession. I am 61 years old and worried about being able to retire anytime soon. I don’t exactly know how to define ‘‘middle class’’ but it can’t mean what I have done for the last 3 decades of my life: Working full time, being very frugal, but yet also con-stantly worrying about meeting my basic fi-nancial obligations and the threat of evic-tion. And I am someone who has been excep-tionally lucky in terms of the abundance of learning and employment opportunities I have had! I cannot imagine the financial bur-dens of people who have been less fortunate or live in areas with fewer programs. My plea today is that you work for policies that reward all hard working people in America with a fair chance to support their families. This is the challenge my children face even though both of them are resource-ful, intelligent, and have good jobs. I pray that my children will be able to know eco-nomic prosperity, which at very least means living without constant worry about day-to- day about making it. I sit before you as a very different person from who I was as lost and hopeless 16-year- old girl on the streets. It has been a long journey of seeking forgiveness for the harm I caused others, and healing myself I hope my story can inspire women who are now struggling on the path I was on thirty years ago. I want them to be encouraged to per-severe and make positive changes in their lives, and to have faith in the system. But the system must also have faith in us! Suc-cessful reentry requires government policies and programs that remove stumbling blocks to economic security. I am exceptionally grateful to be here but I am not exceptional. I am an example of what’s possible when we support people through smart and fair reentry and economic programs. Thank you. f THE BUDGET AND THE ZIKA VIRUS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this morning, I had the privilege of participating with the Union Theo-logical Center, in New York, to speak about our faith and our legislation. It causes me to come to the floor today to act upon that very strong faith in the Good Samaritan, which means that we are, in effect, our brothers’ and sisters’ keeper. We have a devastating disease in the Zika virus that has now been an-nounced as being more devastating than had been expected as it causes se-vere brain damage; and my State and Gulf States and other States across America are, in fact, in the target line. In Texas, for example, we recently had a Zika virus hearing, and our infec-tious disease experts told us that this is a devastating disease. Yes, we can take money from some-place else and borrow from Peter to pay Paul, but I am asking this Con-gress, in the spirit of the Good Samari-tan, to pass the President’s emergency supplemental request of $1.9 billion. I will be asking the Secretary of Health and Human Services to come to Texas and sit down with our law enforcement and health professionals in order to make a difference. Finally, let me say, Mr. Speaker, that this is budget day, and we have not passed a budget. We will not pass a Republican budget because it kills edu-cation; it doesn’t protect Social Secu-rity; and it is not in the spirit of a Good Samaritan. Let us do what is right—pass a budget for the American people and provide for those in the line of danger with the Zika virus. 
f 
MISSED BUDGET DEADLINE (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, there is something important for the American people to know: today is the day, April 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.031 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1758 April 15, 2016 
15, that the law requires that Congress enact a budget resolution. Obviously, that ain’t gonna happen. However, the Republican-led Budget Committee did share a budget blueprint with the GOP leadership. Ultimately, the leadership decided that it wasn’t harsh enough on families, seniors, or children to pass through a Republican majority. A Federal budget should be a reflec-tion of our values as a Nation, and the details of the rumored proposal of a road to ruin that the Republicans want to release are just not good. Appar-ently, the attempt to end the Medicare guarantee for seniors, to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, and to block invest-ments in good-paying jobs was not suf-ficiently brutal enough for the radicals within the Republican Party. If this version of the budget could not muster enough support to be brought to the House floor for a vote, I fear what the Republican majority will actually pro-pose. House Democrats should continue to press for a budget that creates jobs, grows paychecks, and invests in the fu-ture of the American people, like we always do. We believe in those values, and that is what we will continue to fight for. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1670. An act to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1436. An act to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for cer-tain Indian tribes, and for other purposes. f 
‘‘A REPUBLIC, MADAM, IF YOU CAN KEEP IT’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
AHOOD). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, being argued before the United States Supreme Court—the eight Justices remaining—is a case of United States v. Texas. It will take up the President’s—I started to say his ‘‘executive order,’’ but, actually, in the case of His Majesty’s program on am-nesty, there actually was no executive order that was signed by the President. Like you find in a lot of countries around the world where there is a dic-tator, there was a speech made and comments made by the ruler. Then the Secretary of Homeland Security—in our case, Secretary Johnson—wrote a series of memos to carry out the dicta-tion from on high, and they overrode the laws that were duly passed by both Houses of Congress and by previous Presidents. That is where we run into some trou-ble. That is where you run into trouble in doing what Benjamin Franklin sug-gested might be possible to undo. As we know, a lady asked him at the Con-stitutional Convention, ‘‘What did you give us?’’ and he said, ‘‘A Republic, Madam, if you can keep it.’’ One of the ways you do not keep representative government—self-government through the electing of Representatives to do the will of the people—is to go and have those elections and elect people who pass laws—I mean, the Founders wanted government to have gridlock. As I mentioned before, Justice Scalia, in talking to a group of 50 or so senior citizens from my district, ex-plained that the reason we are the freest country in history—or at least we used to be. The indicators indicate we are not the freest country anymore, but the reason we became, for a while there, the freest country in history was that the Founders did not trust govern-ment. They knew that, if it were too easy for a government to make laws or to just dictate what would happen in a country, then people would not be free. They pledged their lives, liberty, sa-cred honor—they pledged everything. Many—most, actually—of the signers of the Declaration of Independence did not have very pleasant lives after the signing of that. Many lost their treas-ures, their fortunes. They never lost their sacred honor. They pledged it, and they never lost their sacred honor. When you look at all of the sacrifices that were made to try to allow us to have representative, self-government— and as difficult as it is to pass a bill here in the House and have the Senate pass the same bill or a similar bill and, if they are not the same, to go to con-ference and try to work out a bill that is the same and get it passed in both Houses and send it to the President and get the President to sign it and have the Supreme Court say, yes, that it is consistent with the Constitution—that is very difficult. All of those things have happened with regard to our immigration law that the President talked about, as any good ruler would; and, of course, as any good ruler, he had a Secretary of Homeland Security who did memos and said: Okay. We are going to just not pay any attention to that law. Here is the new law. b1200 I was amazed to hear all of the major networks, including Fox News, talk about ‘‘Here is the new program,’’ ‘‘Here is the new plan’’ after memos were concocted that overrode the laws that were duly passed in the House and Senate and signed previously by the President, who just overrode the law and said: We are not going to do that. We have, in their opinion, the discre-tion to just ignore the law and do what we want. There is a good article out of the Hoover Institution journal written by Michael McConnell. It just came out on April 15. I thought it did a good job of discussing these issues that are coming up before the Supreme Court on Mon-day. Also, by way of further preface, the decision originated in the Southern District of Texas before United States District Judge Andrew Hanen, who happened to be one of the smartest peo-ple in his class and, actually, going through law school, one of the more liberal people in our class in law school, but a brilliant guy. The more he delved into issues, the better lawyer he became. He was with one of the best firms in Houston. He has become a profoundly good arbi-trator of justice as a United States judge. So Judge Hanen wrote a very lengthy order in which he enjoined in carrying out the wishes that were dictated by the Secretary of Homeland Security because they violate the law. They say: We are ignoring the law. And the judge could see that there are massive con-sequences. Although right here in this very room the President said that we are not going to cover people that are ille-gally in the country with his ObamaCare, it turns out that that wasn’t true. We have, apparently, massive num-bers who get the income tax credit, whether legally or not. I have people constantly telling me they work for different income tax services and they provide services to people that don’t have Social Security numbers that are legitimate. They all know about the earned in-come tax credit, and they all want it on there. They all claim it. Whether they can tell you where their kids are or not, they want that credit. There has been some massive projec-tions of just how much in millions or billions is being paid out. We pre-viously had reporting about, just in one little community, how numerous people claim to live in one home and claim to have as many as 30 kids or so in that home so they could claim all those earned income tax credits so they could get a big refund. There is massive amounts of money that is being taken from those who earned it and given to those who have come into the country illegally. I don’t have the articles in front of me. There are articles out this week talking about that, actually, by more than the current unemployment rate— even the real rate, not the one that is just made up—it doesn’t include the 94 million or so who are eligible to work, have tried to find work and given up trying to find work. But either number you care to use, we have that percentage of people who have immigrated to America. Thank God for legal immigration. Perhaps one in six people working in America are first-generation immi-grants. That is great, but the trouble is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.032 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1759 April 15, 2016 
that a huge portion of those are ille-gally in the country. The President can say all he wants to: Well, they are doing jobs that Americans won’t do. When wages are lower that are being paid to Americans looking for work and working, it af-fects their homes. It has affected their standard of liv-ing. It has caused people to be unem-ployed who would be employed if they weren’t competing with people that took lower wages because they are here illegally. Of course, yesterday we learned that the IRS Commissioner, the head of the IRS, Koskinen, is an accomplice. He has been complicit in the use of stolen, illegal Social Security numbers be-cause he says: It is okay if they use stolen Social Security numbers for a good basis. We just don’t want them to use it for a bad basis. Apparently, for him, somebody filing a perjured and fraudulent income tax return and getting a refund of money that they very well may not be entitled to at all and should not be entitled to is one of the good purposes. He clearly needs to be impeached and removed from office as head of the In-ternal Revenue Service. Hopefully, that will be happening in the near fu-ture. There has to be consequences for vio-lating the law, for helping others vio-late the law, by looking the other way and announcing you are looking the other way while people violate the law. America is in trouble. We could very well be Greece right now if it weren’t for the United States having the dol-lars, the international currency, and having our ability to print our own money, neither of which Greece has. This case being taken up on Monday by the Supreme Court has the ability to basically make Congress a nullity by saying: You know what—look, the President was elected 8 years ago and 4 years ago. So if he wants to just ignore laws and do what he wants that is not according to the law, shouldn’t that be okay? It is incredible how some even who have advanced degrees are so uneducated on how you keep a republic. Well, Michael McConnell says: ‘‘One of the most closely watched cases before the Supreme Court this term is United States v. Texas, the im-migration case that is scheduled to be argued on April 18. The Supreme Court surprised most observers when it asked the parties in that case to address a question they did not raise in their briefs: whether President Obama’s ‘De-ferred Action for Parents of Ameri-cans’’ (DAPA) order violates the ‘Take Care Clause’ of Article II of the Con-stitution. The Take Care Clause has never before been enforced by the Court and most people have probably never heard of it.’’ Let me insert here: My dear friend from Florida, Congressman T
EDYOHO, has been advocating for some time we pass a bill that just sets out an ena-bling statute that says what Take Care means under the Constitution and sets some requirements out so we actually have some hard requirements against which to measure a President’s per-formance in order to determine wheth-er he has violated the Take Care Clause and ought to be removed from office. Before you can determine the latter, you really need to know has the Take Care Clause been violated to a level that would justify high crimes and mis-demeanors. I appreciate so much Andrew McCarthy’s book regarding impeach-ment where he lays out, really, im-peachment was intended to be a polit-ical issue. The Founders did not want impeach-ment to be like a criminal case where the prosecution has to prove a case be-yond a reasonable doubt. It is a mechanism by which we avoid revolutions and military coups, which have happened in countries around the world. Here we have not had to have ever, thank God, a military coup or another revolution since 1776. We have had mas-sive movements for which we are grate-ful, like the abolitionist movement that got rid of the atrocity of slavery, led mainly by Christian churches, and the civil rights movement, of course, which the ultimate leader was Rev-erend Martin Luther King, Jr., an or-dained Christian minister. So these movements have not re-quired revolution, have not required a military coup, because the Founders created something called impeach-ment. According to Andrew’s book—and I’m sorry I can’t do it the justice it de-serves—basically, impeachment is a po-litical mechanism to allow people to remove from office someone who may not have violated a criminal statute beyond a reasonable doubt. But more than half of the country— more than half of those representatives elected in the country believe that he should be removed. Then we avoid a revolution, a coup, those kinds of things. This article from the Hoover Insti-tute goes on: ‘‘DAPA is a set of executive branch directives giving some four million il-legal aliens who have given birth to children in the United States what the orders call ‘legal presence’ — even though they are here in violation of the law. ‘‘This ‘legal presence’ entitles DAPA beneficiaries to work permits, a pic-ture ID, driver’s licenses, Social Secu-rity, Earned Income Tax credits, Med-icaid, ObamaCare, and other social wel-fare benefits. ‘‘Until the 2014 election, President Obama repeatedly and emphatically stated that he did not have authority to issue such an order without congres-sional action.’’ Then, when he didn’t like the results of the election, he went ahead and did it anyway. He had said: I am not a monarch. I can’t just do these things. And when he didn’t like the result of the election, he decided to go ahead and be a monarch and do them anyway. The article goes on: ‘‘Twenty-six states have sued the fed-eral government to challenge the legal-ity of DAPA. The courts below held that the orders violate the Administra-tive Procedure Act because they were issued without public notice and com-ment, as is required for agency actions with the effect of law, and because they are in violation of the underlying stat-ute, the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA). ‘‘By adding the Take Care Clause to the Questions Presented, the Court is taking care that the constitutional di-mensions of this case will not be swamped by the administrative law de-tails. But for most people, including most lawyers, the Take Care Clause is a great unknown—uncharted territory. So: What is the Take Care Clause and what does it mean? ‘‘The Take Care Clause, found in Ar-ticle II of the Constitution, the Execu-tive Power Article, is comprised of only nine words: The President ‘shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.’ ‘‘But an understanding of those nine words requires an appreciation of their roots in English history. Like many other structural features of the United States Constitution, the Take Care Clause derives from the long struggle between Parliament and the Crown over the extent of ‘prerogative powers,’ that is, the monarch’s asserted powers to create laws or otherwise to act uni-laterally. b1215 ‘‘Absolute monarchs rule by whim. What they say goes. Even before Par-liament existed, however, the barons of England insisted that monarchs rule in accordance with law rather than mere executive whim or decree. King John, 1199–1216 AD, was a major offender against the rule of law. He arbitrarily increased taxes, abused the king’s court, mustered soldiers for military misadventures foreign and domestic, and hanged innocents in Wales. Things came to a head in 1215 at Runnymede. Faced with armed insurrection, John agreed to the Great Charter, which es-tablished the principle that the king is not a law unto himself; even the king must act through settled law to bind his subjects. ‘‘Thus began a centuries-long strug-gle between law and royal prerogative. The term ‘prerogative’ refers to powers invested in the executive that are not governed by law.’’ John Locke, who was read by so many of our Founders and discussed during our Nation’s founding, ‘‘John Locke defined the term in his Second Treatise on Government.’’ John Locke said this: ‘‘‘This power to act accord-ing to discretion, for the public good, without the prescription of the law, and sometimes even against it, is that which is called prerogative.’ The king’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.034 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1760 April 15, 2016 
prerogative powers included the veto, the pardon, the powers of war and peace, the power to create and fill pub-lic offices, and the power to dissolve the Parliament. All these he could do without the need for statutes passed by Parliament, and statutes passed by Parliament could not touch, limit, or regulate these prerogative powers. ‘‘Prerogative powers are not all in-consistent with constitutional govern-ment. Under the Constitution, for ex-ample, the President has certain de-fined prerogatives, such as the pardon power and the veto, which are com-mitted to the President’s discretion.’’ Of course, we know the prerogative of veto can be overridden by Congress, so it is not an ultimate prerogative. ‘‘But much of constitutionalism con-sists of replacing prerogative with law. The Framers of the U.S. Constitution carefully reflected on the various pre-rogative powers claimed or exercised by the English king and granted, de-nied, or limited those powers when cre-ating the Article II executive.’’ Now, the early controversies over prerogative powers left that ‘‘one of the most dangerous prerogative powers asserted by English monarchs was the proclamation power. That is the power to create new law without parliamen-tary approval. The term modern Amer-icans would use for proclamations is ‘executive orders.’ Disputes over the proclamation power came to the fore during the Tudor dynasty, which was 1485 to 1603. ‘‘Henry VIII believed his royal proc-lamations should have the force of law, as ‘though they were made by act of Parliament.’ The great 18th century historian and philosopher David Hume later called this ‘a total subversion of the English Constitution.’ After Henry’s death, Parliament repealed the Act of Proclamations. ‘‘The struggle over prerogative accel-erated under the four Stuart kings prior to the Glorious Revolution of 1688. James I was an ardent believer in the divine right of kings; he wrote a book on the topic shortly before he as-cended to the English throne called ‘The Trew Law of Free Monarchies.’ In James I’s view, kings are unrestrained by law; their authority comes from God, and therefore the king is account-able only to God—never to man or law. ‘‘In 1610 James I issued a royal proc-lamation prohibiting ‘new buildings in and around London’ and ‘the making of starch of wheat.’ The legality of these orders was tested in Case of Proclama-tions. Lord Ellesmere, the royalist ju-rist, argued that the courts should ‘maintain the power and prerogative of the king’ and that ‘in cases in which there is no authority and precedent,’ the judges should ‘leave it to the king to order it according to his wisdom.’ Chief Justice Coke—whose whiggish constitutionalism later informed the views of American Framers—held that the king could not lawfully ‘change any part of the common law, nor create any offense by his proclamation, which was not an offense before, without Par-liament.’ Coke concluded, ‘the law of England is divided into three parts: common law, statute law, and custom; but the king’s proclamation is none of them.’ ‘‘Chief Justice Coke reiterated the point in the Case of Non Obstante, or Dispensing Power. Coke observed that the king does have some prerogative powers. For example, a royal pardon grants mercy notwithstanding—or, as English lawyers said at the time, non obstante—the lawful conviction. But Coke insisted that the king’s non obstante, or dispensing, power never can be used to annul statutes. If the king attempted to dispense with a stat-ute, Coke held, the king’s effort would be ‘void,’ for ‘an act of Parliament may absolutely bind the king.’’’ Parenthetically, of course, since our laws were derived through this knowl-edge of what was done here, the Fram-ers believed that the law would abso-lutely bind the king that lives in the White House. ‘‘The principles of the Case of Procla-mations and the Case of Non Obstante are part of the American constitu-tional tradition. The Steel Seizure Case of 1952, our Supreme Court’s foundational separation-of-powers deci-sion, held that the President cannot make law; that is exclusively Congress’ job. In other words, executive orders have the force of law only when imple-menting statutes, treaties, and the Constitution . . . Notably, many if not all of these controversies over the reach of royal prerogative arose when the king took a precedent that prior monarchs had used in modest and rel-atively uncontroversial ways—as Eliza-beth had funded defense against the Spanish Armada—and stretched it to cover significant usurpations of power in ways contrary to the will of Par-liament. That has continued to be the pattern in American separation of pow-ers struggles, including the one over DAPA.’’ It is a very good article that goes on and discusses other concepts, but Dan Stein had a good article regarding why United States v. Texas is the most im-portant case the Court will decide this year. According to Stein: ‘‘The Supreme Court has decided to review certain elements in United States v. Texas.’’ He goes further than that. He says: ‘‘The most dramatic of these actions were two programs designed to grant de facto amnesty and work authoriza-tion to an estimated 4.7 million illegal aliens. The first of these amnesties was an expansion of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA—a 2012 executive action that has thus far ben-efited some 800,000 illegal aliens who arrived in the U.S. when they were under the age of 16’’—or, at least I will add parenthetically, based on what I have observed at the border who said they were under 16. I have been there all hours of the day and night on the border and have been astonished be-yond mildly, being amused that people who clearly could grow full beards would claim to be under 16. I have seen them in the middle of the night when a group of them would have to go through being processed by the Border Patrol reading their little pieces of paper they had and exchanging, and then each of them showing, this is what I have for identification purposes. I was amused how their identities seemed to be interchangeable because they could pass them among each other and decide which identity each wanted to take. But this article points out that ‘‘U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen issued a temporary injunction halting imple-mentation. That injunction was subse-quently upheld by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The Obama administration appealed that decision to the Supreme Court,’’ and they will hear arguments. That will be on Monday. ‘‘While Hanen’s injunction was based on the government’s failure to comply with the requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act, the High Court has indicated that it will also consider whether the executive amnesty programs violate the Take Care Clause of the Constitution.’’ I also want to insert here, since I know the intellectual integrity and brilliance of Judge Andrew Hanen—I have not talked to him in a number of years, but when I read the order that he drafted, he could have just had a one-page, one-paragraph order imple-menting in the injunction, but it was lengthy and thorough, and I knew what Judge Hanen was doing, having been a judge and chief justice. I understood exactly. There are times when you don’t want the lawyers, as smart as they may be, to misinterpret the actions you have taken, and you know that you are ca-pable of writing a good law review arti-cle, as Judge Hanen was more than ca-pable and by himself has won an award for a law review article. I knew, as a judge, what I suspected Judge Hanen felt in this case, this could end up be-fore the Supreme Court, and I don’t want any misunderstanding or some court coming back down the way that says, oh, I probably meant this or I in-tended to do that when that was not my meaning and it was not my intent. So Judge Hanen issued a very elo-quent and lengthy order so that even some of the normal majority of the U.S. Supreme Court would have to really twist and abuse his words in order to get the wrong meaning of what he was doing. He laid out his legal basis. He laid out the facts, and he made very clear that both the law and the facts supported what he did and the reasons for which he did them. So it should be a lesson. I know, as a judge, often it is easier when a litigant, prevailing litigant—the way it usually goes, they supply an order with their motion, with their petition for injunc-tion. Here is the order. And it is a lot easier for a judge just to sign that and go on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.036 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1761 April 15, 2016 
But on important matters, I hope other judges who truly appreciate the Constitution the way Judge Hanen does, will take the time to write their own order, as he did, and scrupulously so. And I certainly hope, Mr. Speaker, that come Monday, during and after oral arguments in this case, the Jus-tices on the Supreme Court, some of whom may not be quite as smart as Judge Hanen intellectually, will at least give credence to the trouble that he endured in order to write his own order and make sure his legal rea-soning was as clear as Judge Hanen made it. Well done, good and faithful Judge Hanen. b1230 This article says: ‘‘Under these two newly announced programs’’—talking about DAPA and DACA—‘‘nearly 40 percent of the Nation’s estimated 12 million illegal aliens would be granted legal presence and permission to work in the U.S. According to an analysis by the Migration Policy Institute, an or-ganization that is generally supportive of President Obama’s immigration policies, combined with the 40 percent of illegal aliens covered by DACA, DACA+, and DAPA, the other policy di-rectives issued by Secretary Johnson would have exempted 87 percent of all illegal aliens from enforcement ac-tions.’’ That is extraordinary. If the Presi-dent doesn’t like the law, he says: I have the power to exclude certain peo-ple from prosecution and, hey, I can issue pardons in specific cases. So I am specifically making 87 percent of those illegally in the country legal. We might as well pronounce the next President king or queen if they are going to have this kind of power. Further down in the article, Mr. Stein says: ‘‘To the contrary, Congress has taken explicit actions to limit the discretionary authority of the execu-tive in the area of immigration en-forcement. In the Illegal Immigration Reform and Relief Act of 1996, which Congress passed and President Clinton signed, Congress indisputably intended ‘to prevent delay in the removal of ille-gal aliens.’ ‘‘Under the INA, Congress has enu-merated two mandatory statutory re-sponsibilities to the Secretary of Homeland Security: the ‘power and duty,’ to administer and enforce all laws relating to immigration, and the mandatory duty to guard against the illegal entry of aliens. ‘‘Under the Obama administration, neither Secretary Johnson nor his predecessor, Janet Napolitano, have faithfully complied with these statu-tory responsibilities. In fact, through his acts of November 20, 2014, the Sec-retary has affirmatively shirked those responsibilities and blatantly at-tempted to substitute Presidential policies in the place of a comprehen-sive system of constitutionally enacted Federal laws that define who may enter and remain in the United States and under what conditions. ‘‘Needless to say, when the Supreme Court delivers its ruling in June, the implications for U.S. immigration pol-icy will be profound. What is at stake is nothing less than the entire premise of more than a century of immigration policy: namely, the legitimacy of laws that restrict immigration in order to protect the social, economic, and secu-rity interests of the American people.’’ Let me insert here. Let’s look at who is most harmed by these vast amnesty programs of millions of millions of peo-ple to compete with people legally in America for the jobs. You have got over 94 million Americans that are so tired of looking for work and being turned down for jobs, they quit look-ing. Perhaps some of those 94 million should be given the chance to have those jobs. And, of course, knowing the way free markets are supposed to work, labor is paid what the free market would re-quire. But you convolute the free mar-ket by bringing people in. And I do say bringing them in, because Homeland Security, as Border Patrolmen have told me, are called logistics by the drug cartels because they get them across the river, and then Homeland Security becomes logistics and ships them wherever they want to go in the United States. Or they may be so cal-lous as to just give them a notice, whether they are a killer, as has hap-pened here lately, and say: By the way, come back to court some time in the future, for which they, of course, do not return. But in any event, the article con-cludes: ‘‘Even those Justices of the court who might agree with the Presi-dent’s views on immigration policy generally should appreciate the prece-dent-setting decision they would be making by allowing the President to run roughshod over the constitutional separation-of-powers doctrine. ‘‘Those who support granting am-nesty to illegal aliens should recognize that a ruling in favor of his vast new claims to power to change the law would be a Pyrrhic victory. It would emasculate the abilities of Congress to set immigration limits and standards, and it would render the courts irrele-vant in ensuring the enforcement of the very same.’’ So this is a big case coming up. The Supreme Court also has heard oral ar-guments on whether or not the Presi-dent can order the violation of deeply held religious Christian convictions and order folks like the Little Sisters of the Poor, who have dedicated their lives to poverty and helping those less fortunate. If they want them to violate their re-ligious convictions, as was made clear during oral argument, then the admin-istration ought to be able to order any American, including churches, accord-ing to them, to violate their Christian beliefs. Because after all, they are the government. They work for the Presi-dent. Sure, they can order people to violate their Christian beliefs. For heaven’s sake, these people have no sense of his-tory. They don’t even know that one of the things that just infuriated Ameri-cans and caused a revolution was a king believing that he could just order people to violate their religious convic-tions. That is why religion is the first thing mentioned in our Bill of Rights. It has been so misconstrued, but the government was to never do what the King of England did when he ordered a new church. The Church of England is the official church. They never saw it as a problem to have different denomi-nations agree to pray in the name of Jesus and to have the same type of prayers begin each day in the Congress and then, again, when we started our first congresses under the Constitu-tion. That was never a problem. They knew they were not violating the First Amendment, because many of them helped craft it. We are not establishing a religion and we are not going to pro-hibit the free exercise thereof. So the Court has this before it, with eight Justices sitting, after the un-timely death of a real American hero, who has no doubt already heard, as John Quincy Adams said when he stood downstairs before the Supreme Court and prayed that the Justices of the Su-preme Court that have already de-ceased would have already heard those words: Well done, good and faithful servant. Enter now into the joy of the Lord. That is what John Quincy Adams said specifically before the Supreme Court in the hearing on the Amistad case downstairs when the Supreme Court was here in this building. I have no doubt Justice Scalia has already heard that. He has been a very faithful servant, standing up for religious lib-erty. So we will see what the other eight Justices, do, and then we will see whether or not politics has become so extraordinarily the purpose of the Su-preme Court rather than the Constitu-tion. Because, clearly, there is infor-mation that is passed and gotten to the Supreme Court. Apparently it occurred during the decision on whether or not to extend the 24-hour hold on the bank-ruptcy order that violated the Con-stitution. And God bless Justice Ginsburg when she put that 24-hour hold on an uncon-stitutional, illegal order. According to what one of the Justices told me— without going into detail—the White House submitted information ex parte, behind the scenes, that if they left that 24-hour hold in place, everybody that had any kind of job that related to the automobile industry would lose their job. And it would all be the Supreme Court’s fault if they left the 24-hour hold in place. It certainly appears they got infor-mation that affected Chief Justice Roberts. It looked like he changed a dissenting opinion into a majority opinion in the ObamaCare case. This is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.037 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1762 April 15, 2016 
serious. And this will determine wheth-er or not we are going to follow the Constitution. I am so pleased to be here on the House floor with my friend from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ), the former Governor. Mr. SANFORD. I just want to borrow maybe 5 minutes worth of your time just to talk about this issue of Puerto Rico. You have touched on it in dif-ferent ways. You were talking about constitutional issues just a moment ago, and I want to follow up on that thought because I think that what is occurring here has far bigger con-sequences than we may realize. I would say that at a couple different levels. One is, Charles Dickens once talked about Christmas past, Christ-mas present, Christmas still to come. I think that this is a snapshot of Christ-mas to come if we don’t watch out here in the United States. As my colleague from Texas well knows, we are at a financial tipping point, the likes of which our civiliza-tion has never seen before. We have never before been at this level of in-debtedness in a peacetime situation. We are, again, about to find ourselves between a rock and a hard place, which is very much the story of Puerto Rico, as it relates to their financial situa-tion. So you think about the number of 2025. In basically less than 10 years, we are only going to have enough money to pay for interest and entitlements and nothing else. You think about the way in which interest payments—by congressional budget numbers—are ex-pected to balloon from around $200 bil-lion a year to $800 billion a year and the fact that we are going to spend more on interest payments than we will on defense. You can walk through a lot of dif-ferent numbers that say that we are about to be at a profound, bad spot, which is, again, the way in which Puer-to Rico, I think, is foretelling. It really talks about the fact that they went out, spent too much, obligated them-selves too much, made promises they couldn’t deliver on. And so we find our-selves in this pickle. I would also say this. This is an exer-cise in free markets. If you think about the notion of free markets and what that means, what we would agree on as conservatives is that there are certain absolutes. On the rule of law and pri-vate property rights and market-based principles, Thomas Friedman talks about a flat world and how a kid in Texas or in South Carolina competes with kids in Shanghai or New Delhi in ways that they never did before. So if you have a corporate rate that is too high, not surprisingly, corpora-tions aren’t going to come to your is-land. If you have a minimum wage that doesn’t fit with the prevailing wage rate of that area, corporations or busi-nesses, local and small, may not be able to start up and compete. If you think about so many of the different building blocks that make for a vibrant economy, this is, again, a reminder of how important those things are. And so I look at this and I am per-plexed. I am really struggling with this issue. I looked just a little while ago. Puer-to Rican bonds are still trading be-tween 65 and 70 cents on the dollar, even though we have a pure math trap, which is to say financial markets are still betting that, in some form or an-other, those bondholders are going to get bailed out. So that is on the one hand. On the other hand, you look at the plight of the people in Puerto Rico, you look at what might come next. I empathize with leadership of how do you deal with this issue. But I want to go back to one thing that I think is central to both of us, and that is the rule of law. I actually pulled up a general obliga-tion bond. This was a 2012 issue, Public Improvement Refunding Bonds, Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, $400 million in size. It says on the first page: ‘‘The bonds are general obligations of the Commonwealth. The good faith, credit, and taxing power of the Common-wealth are irrevocably pledged for the prompt payment of the principal and interest on the bonds. The Constitution of Puerto Rico provides that public debt of the Commonwealth, which in-cludes bonds,’’ whatnot, whatnot, whatnot. This on the front page. b1245 The issue of what is occurring in Puerto Rico has everything to do with the sanctity of the rule of law in this country. It has far-reaching implica-tions well beyond the 3
1⁄2million people that make up the Island of Puerto Rico but, really, the whole of the United States. We have a municipal market in this country of about $2.7 trillion in size. What comes next? Because, if they can change it in the front page of what was a $400 million issue for Puerto Rico, can they change it for Illinois? Can they change it for California? Obviously, territories and States are very different, but I do worry about the degree of precedent it sets, because what we are worried about is a public exodus from Puerto Rico. We are wor-ried about a lot of different ramifica-tions. Is that not true if Illinois was to end up in a real problem spot finan-cially, in terms of what comes next? So I think it has real implications there. I think it is a reminder of how important it is that we look at the in-gredients of growth. One of my problems with this bill is it is asymmetrical. The cram-down provision, section 3, is absolute and certain. The certainty of economic re-forms on that island are not certain. It is asymmetrical in that form. So I look at the Jones Act. I was in a transportation hearing yesterday, and it was pointed out that the cost of delivering a 20-foot container from the East Coast of the United States is dou-ble the cost of what it would be to de-liver that same container to the Do-minican Republic or to Haiti. I look at the corporate tax there. They used to have a very competitive corporate tax rate on the island of Puerto Rico. That Federal clause lapsed, and now they are not so com-petitive. But why don’t we have it in this bill? In other words, if we are going to have a cram-down provision, which really deals with the sanctity of law, general obligation bonds, what they do or don’t mean, why wouldn’t we have incor-porated, as well, other provisions that could make the island more competi-tive, whether that deals with the Jones Act corporate tax—or, for instance, we have a bill on the minimum wage. If you look at what has happened in American Samoa, or if you look in the Northern Mariana Islands, other terri-tories of the United States, what we did as a Congress is to say: You know what? The prevailing wage of that re-gion of the Pacific is not the same as what you would see in the domestic United States. Therefore, let’s give them discretion in how they set their minimum wage. Our bill says that same thing. The prevailing wage of the Caribbean Basin is not the same as you would see in the domestic United States. Why not give them that same option so that they can become more competitive as they compete with Haiti and the Dominican Republic and other neighboring islands down that way? So I am going to continue to study this issue, but I am genuinely con-cerned about what it could mean. I just want to take one second—can I take one more second?—to read the cram-down provision because, in the bill, under title III, it incorporates 1129(b) of the Federal Code. Let me just read that so it is on the record. ‘‘Notwithstanding section 510(a) of this title, if all of the applicable re-quirements of subsection (a) of this section other than the paragraph (8) are met with respect to a plan, the court, on request of the proponent of the plan, shall confirm the plan not-withstanding the requirements of such paragraph if the plan does not discrimi-nate unfairly, and is fair and equitable, with respect to each class of claims or interests that is impaired under . . . the plan.’’ I could go on. It is Greek. It is writ-ten in legalese. But the point is this bill has an absolute cram-down provi-sion, which is to open up new territory with regard to how territories handle debt, and I think we need to be very, very, very wary of that provision; and, at minimum, if we are going to include something like that, include whole- scale changes that would make the is-land more competitive so that they can, in fact, pay off their debts be-cause, if you don’t do anything to im-prove the economy, we are going to end up back in this same problem, whether it is 12 months from now or 12 years from now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.039 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1763 April 15, 2016 
Mr. GOHMERT. The gentleman is ex-actly right. It seems like the big push is to resolve the issue of what is owed to the bondholders who invested money; and, apparently, they are the ones running commercials in some peo-ple’s districts about, oh, don’t do a bailout, because they want to get their full money on what they invested. I sure understand that. But as my friend has pointed out, we can’t be sure that there will be any re-forms. I know some of our friends, we think, well, there is such massive un-employment. Well, one cure in some places to help with massive unemploy-ment is to lower the minimum wage and get more people to work, and that is being suggested; but in Puerto Rico, I was reading that, for a typical family of three, if someone works a 40-hour- per-week minimum wage job, at the current minimum wage before it is low-ered like some people are advocating, the take-home is under $1,200. However, the welfare payments they would be entitled to, typically, on average, would be about $1,800 a month; so sometimes lowering the minimum wage would be a solution. In Puerto Rico, where—and of course I think it is totally appropriate and fair, as the Founders said: If they don’t elect one representative to the body that makes taxes, then they have no right to make taxes on us. So, in Puer-to Rico, which is also true of Guam, Samoa, the Mariana Islands, any terri-tory where they elect a delegate or they don’t elect a full voting Rep-resentative, because those come from the several States, they don’t pay any Federal income tax. So I had in my mind that, wow, Puer-to Rico could be the American Hong Kong. They have all the Federal bene-fits. I read one estimate that 20 percent of all of the income made by people in Puerto Rico is actually welfare bene-fits, paid by people of the 50 States. But some of the towns—I saw a chart—I think the highest was right at 46 percent of the local community work for government. And, you know, you have got communities, 28,000, 35,000, where 40 percent of the whole population works for the government. Something has to be done about that. Our friend, fellow Republican Luis Fortun˜o, got elected Governor, and he could see the handwriting on the wall. We have got to get our government down and under control because, if we are going to expect anybody to help us at all, we have got to show we are able to take care of our own problems. He was promptly fired at the next election for trying to get the massive govern-ment bureaucracy under control. That hasn’t been dealt with. There is no in-dication it will actually be dealt with. President Obama will make all the appointments of the board we are talk-ing about that will have oversight, but those will come from recommendations from Minority Leader P
ELOSI , Speaker R
YAN, Majority Leader M CCONNELL , and Minority Leader R
EID; and the President will make what will be the deciding vote on close calls. So there are no assurances that there is going to be reform in these areas. As my friend, Senator INHOFE from Oklahoma, has pointed out, Puerto Rico had the only area, he was telling me, in the world where all of our mili-tary branches could come together and do tactical exercises, you know, storm the beach type of things. And that was taken away; and that land, 17,000 or so acres, is owned by the Department of the Interior. Puerto Rico, apparently, is part of this deal. They don’t want to sell any Puerto Rican land, but they are willing to let the Department of the Interior sell their land and give that money to Puerto Rico. So we are not giving them direct payments, but the Department of the Interior, part of this deal is going to be selling things. Mr. SANFORD. If the gentleman would yield, and then I will leave it to you. You hit on Luis Fortun˜o, and I do want to shout out, I worked with him in a former role in government, and you are absolutely correct. What he tried to do, I think, was brave in polit-ical terms, courageous, and he paid a price for it in the political world; but I think that the record will show that he was trying to do the right thing on that front. I think also, what has happened here is a reminder of how, if everybody is in charge, nobody is in charge. And too much of what we see, again, I abso-lutely empathize with the plight that leadership finds themselves in in terms of: How do you manage these competi-tive interests of the need to have finan-cial stability on an island like Puerto Rico, and how do you manage that with the precedent that it might set for other States and other territories and the overall notion of financial respon-sibility? I see your time is about to wind up, so I am going to stop for you since it was your time. Thank you for letting me borrow a few minutes of it. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
ONES (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, April 18, 2016, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 5045. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Acequinocyl; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0382; FRL-9944-34] received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5046. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New York; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R02-2015-NY2; FRL-9935-51- Region 2] received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5047. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Findings of Failure to Sub-mit State Implementation Plans Required for Attainment of the 2010 1-Hour Primary Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS); Correction [EPA-HQ- OAR-2016-0098; FRL-9944-88-OAR] received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5048. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 088, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5049. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 148, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5050. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 107, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5051. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 061, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5052. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a memorandum of justifica-tion, pursuant to Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, Secs. 614(a)(3) and 652; Public Law 111- 117, div. F, Sec. 7009(d); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5053. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 133, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(d)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(d) (as added by Public Law 94-32 9, Sec. 211(a)); (90 Stat. 740); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5054. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.040 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1764 April 15, 2016 
transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 099, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(d)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(d) (as added by Public Law 94-32 329, Sec. 211(a)); (90 Stat. 740); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5055. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Hizballah Financial Sanctions Regulations received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5056. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Fisheries, Office of Protected Re-sources, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule to List the Tanzanian DPS of African Coelacanth (Latimeria chalumnae) as Threatened under the Endan-gered Species Act [Docket No.: 141219999-6207- 02] (RIN: 0648-XD681) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 4240. A bill to require an inde-pendent review of the operation and adminis-tration of the Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB) maintained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and subsets of the TSDB, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–495). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROYCE: Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. H.R. 4678. A bill to prohibit modifica-tion, abrogation, abandonment, or other re-lated actions with respect to United States jurisdiction and control over United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without congressional action (Rept. 114–496). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. DENT: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 4974. A bill making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–497). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N AD-
LER, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. S IRES, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. H
AHN, Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. E
STY, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California): H.R. 4954. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to authorize ap-propriations for State water pollution con-trol revolving funds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. C ARNEY ): H.R. 4955. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to exclude the receipts and disbursements of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation from the Federal budget; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B RAT, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C OLE, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. H ULTGREN , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S
AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. L ONG, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. R OSS, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. T IPTON , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. F ORBES , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. D
ESANTIS ): H.R. 4956. A bill to provide that no Federal funds, fees, or resources may be used to im-plement certain executive orders, to suspend rule making authority, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for him-self, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Ms. E
DWARDS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY ): H.R. 4957. A bill to designate the Federal building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 4958. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental benefits of the re- refining of used lubricating oil; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself and Mr. BERA): H.R. 4959. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study on the designation of surgical health professional shortage areas; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 4960. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 4961. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to protect individuals and busi-nesses from unforeseen consequences that may result from Federal disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. G
AR-
RETT , Ms. E STY, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. P
INGREE , and Mr. C OURTNEY ): H.R. 4962. A bill to amend title 4 of the United States Code to limit the extent to which States may tax the compensation earned by nonresident telecommuters and other multi-State workers; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 4963. A bill to better protect, serve, and advance the rights of victims of elder abuse and exploitation by establishing a pro-gram to encourage States and other qualified entities to create jobs designed to hold of-fenders accountable, enhance the capacity of the justice system to investigate, pursue, and prosecute elder abuse cases, identify ex-isting resources to leverage to the extent possible, and assure data collection, re-search, and evaluation to promote the effi-cacy and efficiency of the activities de-scribed in this Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself and Mr. L
ANGEVIN ): H.R. 4964. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the rapid acquisi-tion of directed energy weapons systems by the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4965. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to enhance medical device communications and ensure device cleanliness; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself and Mr. R
OSKAM ): H.R. 4966. A bill to establish requirements for reusable medical devices relating to cleaning instructions and validation data, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 4967. A bill to amend the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 relating to the distribution of food; and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 4968. A bill to require executive agen-cies to notify the public and consider public comment before relocating an office of the agency that has regular contact with the public, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15AP7.000 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1765 April 15, 2016 
By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. V
EASEY ): H.R. 4969. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to direct the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to provide for informational materials to educate and prevent addiction in teenagers and adoles-cents who are injured playing youth sports and subsequently prescribed an opioid; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 4970. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to restrict the use of pre-paid debit cards in the issuance of tax re-funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself and Ms. H
AHN): H.R. 4971. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to establish a criminal penalty for recklessly damaging or destroying cer-tain pipeline facilities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4972. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the availability of penalty-free distributions to unemployed individuals from retirement plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4973. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a work oppor-tunity tax credit for the older long-term un-employed recipient, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BYRNE (for himself, Mr. K
LINE, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Ms. F
OXX, Mr. H UN-
TER, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B RAT, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. D UNCAN  of South Carolina, Mr. G
OSAR , Mrs. R
OBY, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. P ALM-
ER): H.J. Res. 87. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Interpretation of the ‘Advice’ Exemption in Section 203(c) of the Labor-Management Re-porting and Disclosure Act’’; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself and Ms. G
RAHAM ): H. Con. Res. 128. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regarding the Israeli-Pales-tinian peace process; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia, and Ms. B
ROWN of Florida): H. Res. 684. A resolution recognizing the achievements of America’s high school val-edictorians of the graduating class of 2016, encouraging civic engagement, and com-mending academic excellence of all Amer-ican high school students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H. Res. 685. A resolution recognizing Line-men, the profession of Linemen, and the con-tributions of these brave men and women to protect public safety, and expressing support of designation of April 18, 2016, as National Lineman Appreciation Day; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 4954. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 4955. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 4956. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution, including the power granted Congress under Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18, of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 4957. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-stitution. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 4958. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8.: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carryin into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 4959. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 4960. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ By Mr. GIBSON: H.R. 4961. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ability to regulate interstate com-merce pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 4962. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 4963. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 4964. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the common Defence . . . To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces.’’ By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4965. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4966. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 4967. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 4968. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 4969. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 4970. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4971. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4972. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15AP7.100 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1766 April 15, 2016 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4973. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DENT: H.R. 4974. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 7(c) of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. BYRNE: H.J. Res. 87. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. B UCKand Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 379: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 624: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mrs. B
EATTY , and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 711: Mr. M
CKINLEY and Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 789: Mr. C
ARNEY . H.R. 793: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 846: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 923: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1192: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 1206: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 1221: Mr. K
INGof New York and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1336: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1342: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 1431: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 1432: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 1457: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1542: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1550: Mr. M
ACARTHUR and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 1594: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1611: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1733: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 1769: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1969: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1988: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2121: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 2124: Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. V
ELA, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. D EGETTE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2215: Mr. COLE. H.R. 2237: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2283: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 2315: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 2368: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 2460: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. H ECKof Washington. H.R. 2461: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. L
EWIS, and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2513: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2571: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2589: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 2590: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2658: Mr. H
UELSKAMP . H.R. 2726: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 2737: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. C
ROWLEY , and Mr. H ARDY . H.R. 2759: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 2799: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2811: Mr. S
ABLAN . H.R. 2844: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 2894: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2901: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2903: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 2939: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2980: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois and Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 3007: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3012: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 3095: Mr. F
ATTAH . H.R. 3110: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 3119: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. H ECKof Ne- vada. H.R. 3209: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 3222: Mr. L
ABRADOR and Mr. C LAWSON  of Florida. H.R. 3227: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3235: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 3308: Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. I
SRAEL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T
ONKO , and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 3310: Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 3323: Mr. T
AKAI and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 3326: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 3381: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 3412: Mr. V
ALADAO , H.R. 3470: Ms. L
EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. F
UDGE , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3520: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 3604: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 3706: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 3722: Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 3724: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 3742: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada, Mr. C AL-
VERT , Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S TEWART , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3846: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 3865: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 3886: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 3917: Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E
STY, and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 3929: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. P OE of Texas, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C OLE, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 3982: Mr. B
ENISHEK . H.R. 4019: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4073: Mr. S
WALWELL of California H.R. 4118: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 4144: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4223: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4229: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 4268: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4301: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 4352: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 4371: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 4386: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 4399: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 4447: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 4488: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 4498: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4514: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4523: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 4524: Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. L EE, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Ms. N
ORTON , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 4537: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada and Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina. H.R. 4586: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 4594: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4603: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4607: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4612: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 4614: Mr. C
ONYERS and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 4615: Ms. H
AHNand Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4621: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 4625: Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 4626: Mr. M
ARINO and Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 4640: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4651: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4653: Mrs. B
USTOS and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4667: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. J OLLY , and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 4695: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 4701: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 4712: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4715: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. L
ONG, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. B RAT, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4717: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4729: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4751: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 4760: Mrs. L
UMMIS and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 4764: Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. H URDof Texas, and Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 4773: Mr. B
RAT, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. J OLLY , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. S TEW-
ART, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 4775: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 4794: Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. T URNER , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4795: Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. T URNER , and Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 4798: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. H.R. 4813: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. T
URNER , and Mr. J OYCE . H.R. 4828: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M
ILLER of Florida, Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia. H.R. 4833: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 4835: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4840: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4848: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 4880: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. P ALMER , and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . H.R. 4884: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 4885: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 4895: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.018 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1767 April 15, 2016 
H.R. 4897: Mr. I SSA, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4904: Mr. G
IBSON and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 4922: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 4923: Mr. D
UFFY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. N
UNES , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D OLD, Mr. R OS-
KAM, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 4924: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 4926: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. B UCK. H.R. 4928: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala- bama, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 4932: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.J. Res. 1: Mr. R
USSELL and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.J. Res. 2: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H. Con. Res. 39: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mrs. Watson Coleman, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. A
DAMS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. K
EATING . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. C
OLE, and Mr. B ARR. H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. J
OLLY . H. Res. 220: Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H. Res. 343: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. R OGERS  of Kentucky, and Mr. D
ESANTIS . H. Res. 402: Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Res. 451: Mr. F
ORBES . H. Res. 487: Mr. C
ONYERS . H. Res. 494: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H. Res. 540: Mr. T
AKAI and Mr. G RAYSON . H. Res. 590: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. B LUM. H. Res. 674: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD and Mr. W
ALKER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.023 H15APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE479 April 15, 2016 
RECOGNIZING CUBAN POLITICAL PRISONERS 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to five former political pris-oners who arrived in Miami on March 15, 2016: Vladimir Morera Bacallao, Jorge Rami-rez Calderon, Yojarne Arce, Aracelio Riviaux Noa, and Niorvis Rivera Guerra. These men were victims of vicious acts at the hands of Castro’s thugs. Vladimir, Jorge, and Aracelio were among those on the so-called ‘‘list of 53’’ who were released as part of the Obama-Castro deal. Although Castro released these 53 wrongfully incarcerated political prisoners, many, includ-ing Vladimir, Jorge, and Aracelio, were re-arrested. While in prison, Vladimir began a hunger strike on October 9, 2015. In December, I ex-pressed grave concern for his health as he lin-gered near death in a Cuban prison, and in January wrote a letter to President Obama ex-pressing serious concern for Jorge and others re-arrested on the list of 53. The five political prisoners I mentioned here were promised safe haven in the U.S., but their families remain in Cuba, subject to abuse and harassment at the hands of the Castro re-gime. These activists are extremely worried about their families in Cuba who are suffering retaliation because they had the courage to speak out against an unjust government. The Castro regime holds the worst human rights record in our hemisphere, and its re-pression has escalated. The concessions that President Obama has provided to the Castro dictatorship has emboldened the Cuban peo-ple’s oppressors, and they further harass, bru-talize, and abuse courageous activists such as these five individuals. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues in Congress to condemn the egregious human rights abuses perpetrated against Cuban pro- democracy activists and their families, and de-mand the immediate, unconditional release of all political prisoners. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF M ACDILL AIR FORCE BASE 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-memorate the 75th anniversary of MacDill Air Force Base. MacDill has had a long and sto-ried history during the last 75 years. With much of the world engulfed in conflict in 1939, the War Department selected Tampa, Florida to house a new military air field which would go on to become MacDill Air Force Base. With Tampa’s natural and strategic location, MacDill has grown and expanded over its 75 years serving as a testament to our nation’s military might and the Tampa Bay area’s dedication to supporting the brave men and women of the Armed Services. Officially activated on April 16, 1941, MacDill trained World War II airmen to fly and operate bombers including the B–17 Flying Fortress and the B–26 Marauder. Throughout the Second World War, MacDill saw thou-sands of servicemen train to lead the force in the dangerous skies over Europe. From start to finish, MacDill played a critical role in our country’s great military achievement. After World War II, the bombers gave way to fighters when MacDill became a Tactical Air Command. The turmoil of the 1960’s again highlighted the strategic importance of MacDill’s location. Throughout the Vietnam War and up until the first Gulf War in 1991, the Tampa Bay region became a home for the F–4 Phantoms and later F–16 Fighting Fal-cons. Between 1979 and 1993, about half of all F–16 fighter pilots trained at MacDill Air Force Base. Currently, MacDill houses the 6th Air Mobil-ity Wing and 39 Mission Teammates, including U.S. Central Command and U.S. Special Op-erations Command. MacDill is home to more than 13,000 military and civilian personnel and about 170,000 retirees live in the Tampa Bay area and depend on the base for many nec-essary services. MacDill remains a vital eco-nomic driver and a source of good paying jobs in the counties of Hillsborough and Polk in my district. MacDill extends the global reach of U.S. air power through global air refueling and airlift operations and is a mission our commu-nity embraces. In facing our nation’s ongoing and future na-tional security challenges, I am confident that MacDill will continue to play a vital role in pro-tecting the safety of our families and all Ameri-cans. The Tampa Bay region is proud to host and I am honored to represent thousands of servicemen and women, veterans, and civil-ians who work at and rely on MacDill Air Force Base every day, and especially on its 75 year anniversary. f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. BRUCE TEAGUE JR. 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to pay tribute to Mr. Bruce Teague Jr. (The Bossman), who was called to rest by his heavenly father on Thurs-day April 7, 2016. Bruce, Mr. Speaker, was born in Henry County, Tennessee on March 29, 1931. He was the seventh child out of eight born to Bruce and Essie (Boyd) Teague and he loved each of his siblings. Due to the limited opportunities available in Tennessee, Bruce decided to explore the bright lights, big city life in Chicago, Illinois. While residing with his big sister, Alice, Bruce began to work various jobs until he landed a career at the National Casting Company (NCC). Being a man of faith, he was led by God to pursue what became two of his own successful entrepreneurial endeavors in tow-ing and in real estate investing. After 40 years of being a hardworking, dedicated, and exem-plary employee, he retired from NCC in 1992. In 1958, he met Mary Helen Hargrove and they were married the following year on De-cember 18, 1959. To this union six children were born: Regina, Donna, Tasha, Juan, Bruce, and James. There was nothing he en-joyed more than celebrating the accomplish-ments of his family and friends through wed-dings, anniversaries, graduations, baptisms, recitals, and many other special occasions. A major accomplishment of his own was cele-brating 56 years of holy matrimony to his be-loved ‘‘May Helen’’. Mr. Speaker, Bruce was a man of strong core values. His foundation and beliefs were deeply rooted in the Love of Family and Faith in God. Bruce believed in attending church faithfully no matter where he was. Whenever in Iowa City, he attended House of Praise Church under the leadership of Pastor Rick McCaslin. He poured his time, energy, and ex-perience into the next generation of upcoming Deacons. Bruce implemented the ‘‘Deacon Apprenticeship Program’’ at House of Praise Church to train and develop young men how to carry out the duties of a deacon. Mr. Speaker, some of his greatest pastimes were having breakfast with his friends in Chi-cago and Iowa City, watching and attending baseball games while eating popcorn, gar-dening, and traveling with his family. ‘‘Switch-blade Bruce’’, the ‘‘Bossman’’, shot straight from the hip. One could never mistake what he meant; he told you just what he felt. but Deacon Teague cried about everything. He even cried when he was forced by Mary Helen to discipline the children. He often reminded his children, ‘‘If you do wrong, I will only come to get you from jail one time’’. His legacy will live on through: his loving and devoted wife of 56 years Mary Helen; his children, Regina, Donna, Ricky, Tasha, Juan, Darron, Bruce, James, Jeremiah, Danielle and a host of family and friends. Mr. Speaker, those who truly knew Bruce Teague Jr. know he was not pompous or prideful, but proud of his life and all of those in it. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF THE LATE ANDREW STEPHEN GROVE 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, Andy Grove (ne ´e Andra´s Istva´n, Gro´f) was born September 2, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.001 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE480 April 15, 2016 
1936, in Budapest, Hungary, and died on March 16, 2016, at the age of 79. After endur-ing Nazi occupation and Soviet abuse, he im-migrated to the United States in 1956. He earned a degree in chemical engineering at City College of New York (CCNY) and his Ph.D. at the University of California, Berkeley. In 1958, Andy Grove married Eva Kastan, a fellow Hungarian refugee. They have two daughters, Karen and Robie, whom Andy adored and was fiercely protective of their pri-vacy. He also leaves eight grandchildren who brought him great joy. Andy Grove’s first job after graduating from the University of California, Berkeley, was as a researcher at Fairchild Semiconductor. When Gordon Moore and Robert Noyce founded Intel Corporation, Andy joined them. Together, they became a storied team at Intel, playing a pivotal role in the creation of the per-sonal computer and the growth of Silicon Val-ley. Andy served as Intel’s President begin-ning in 1979, became CEO in 1987, and was Board Chair from 1997 to 2005. Andy Grove was a visionary corporate lead-er. He was a believer in open communication and took on none of the trappings of power. He was an advocate for jobs for Americans and helped transform Intel Corporation into the world’s largest manufacturer of semiconduc-tors. Andy Grove wrote or co-authored seven books and gave generously of his time, re-sources and considerable talents to many charitable causes, especially the advancement in research for Parkinson’s Disease and to the Grove School of Engineering at CCNY. He re-ceived many honors, including honorary de-grees from CCNY, Worcester Polytechnic In-stitute and Harvard University. He was named the ‘‘Most Influential Business Person of the Last 25 Years’’ by the Wharton School, and was Time Magazine’s 1997 Man of the Year. He was a longtime member of the Inter-national Rescue Committee’s Board of Direc-tors, and was honored by the IRC in 2010 as one of ten distinguished refugees. When Andy Grove received the Churchill Club Legendary Leader Award in 2015, he struggled onto the stage, took the microphone and urged the au-dience to help refugees. ‘‘I made it, let’s help in a little way to help them make it.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in honoring the extraor-dinary life of Andrew S. Grove and in extend-ing our most sincere condolences to his wife, Eva, to his children, grandchildren, and all who knew and loved him. It was said of him, ‘‘He merits a place alongside the great busi-ness leaders of the 20th century.’’ Our country embraced a young refugee and immigrant, and in return Andy Grove lifted up our entire nation with his vision, extraordinary intellect and unmatched leadership. How privileged I am to have known him and represented him in Congress. How blessed our country has been to have him as a prized and cherished citizen. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAYOR GENE CAREY 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor former Lewisville Mayor Gene Carey for his generosity and public service to the citi-zens and City of Lewisville. Mr. Carey passed away recently at the age of 73 and is survived by his wife of almost 50 years, two children, and five grandchildren. Mr. Carey and his family moved to Lewisville in 1972. He previously served in the U.S. Army and became an inventory analyst for Halliburton, where he worked for more than 38 years. His love for Lewisville inspired him to commit his time and efforts to ensure the community’s prosperous growth and the well- being of its residents. He was a faithful mem-ber of Lakeland Baptist Church and an active volunteer with Christian Community Action. His numerous community activities included membership in the Denton County Republican Men’s Club and Lewisville Economic Develop-ment Foundation. Mr. Carey was a graduate of Lewisville’s Citizens Police Academy, served as Chairman of the Arts Advisory Board and the Charter Review Committee, and as a board member on the Lewisville Parks Board. In 1993, he was elected to the Lewisville City Council. He would then go on to win his first race for Mayor in 2000 and was subse-quently re-elected three more times. Mr. Carey was the 21st person to serve as Mayor of Lewisville and was the longest-serving mayor in the city’s history. I was privileged to count Mayor Gene Carey as an insightful and trusted colleague in serv-ing the citizens of Lewisville and Denton County. He dedicated his life to his family, friends, and the Lewisville community. He will be greatly missed by the people whose lives he touched and his legacy will continue to benefit the community for years to come. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN A. WESTMORELAND 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, on April 14, 2016, the House of Representatives considered H.R. 3791, to raise the consoli-dated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes. Regrettably, I was unable to be present for the vote. However, had I been present, I would have supported the final pas-sage of H.R. 3791. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF CHEYENNE MOUN-TAIN AIR FORCE STATION 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following: Whereas, since 1966, the United States Air Force at Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station has been the synergistic hub to track foreign threats worldwide, providing an essential com-ponent of North American defense and global security; and Whereas, countless space and ground sen-sor data collections are assimilated, providing leadership the key threat assessments to en-sure safety and security to millions of people around the world; and Whereas, the 21st Space Wing at Peterson Air Force Base in Colorado Springs, Colorado provides operational support and infrastructure sustainability, and today celebrates the 50th anniversary of the full operational capability of Cheyenne Mountain; and Whereas, the 721st Mission Support Group at Cheyenne Mountain in Colorado Springs, Colorado provides the dedicated daily sustainment to more than 13 mission partners performing the national security mission inside of the Mountain Complex; and Whereas, every day over 1,000 U.S. and Canadian military and civilians, residing in Col-orado and working in Cheyenne Mountain, are ever vigilant, round the clock, in our collective common defense; and Whereas, Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station is one of the greatest engineering mar-vels of its time, still relevant now and into the future, representing an Eighteen Billion Dollar ($18B) facility, unrivaled anywhere in the world; and Whereas, Colorado is proud to be a nexus in providing for the defense of North America, which has a far-reaching utility and whose multi-use services are critical to national and global security not only today but in the future; therefore, on the occasion of its 50th Anniver-sary, I do hereby proclaim, forever after, April 20, 2016, as Cheyenne Mountain Day. f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE VIETNAM WAR AND BRONZE STAR PRESEN-TATION TO LT. COL. JACK DEICHMAN 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today we mark the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam war and take a moment to honor and express our gratitude to our Viet-nam Veterans. Our Vietnam war veterans served our nation with courage, dignity, and a willingness to make the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. Deserving particular praise and commenda-tion for his heroism and service during the Vietnam war is Lieutenant Colonel (ret.) Jack Deichman of the United States Marine Corps. I have had the pleasure of knowing Jack for over a year now, and today I am grateful to have the opportunity to acknowledge Jack’s leadership in Dai Do, Vietnam on March 30, 1968. Mr. Speaker, Jack displayed expert leader-ship in maneuvering his Company through heavy enemy fire and remained steadfast in assisting his wounded Commander to estab-lish their defensive positions. Because of Jack’s actions, many lives were saved that day, and many attribute this battle as the deciding factor in winning the war. We as a nation are grateful for Jack’s heroic actions that day. His courage and selfless devotion to duty represents the essence of the United States Marine Corps and this great nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.004 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE481 April 15, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, today marks the day we ac-knowledge Jack’s bravery and present him the Bronze Star Medal. I am proud to recognize Jack and all our Vietnam Veterans today. We thank you for your service. Welcome home. 
f 
HONORING THE DUNN LORING VOLUNTEER FIRE AND RESCUE DEPARTMENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Dunn Loring Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department, and to congratulate the incoming 2016 officers and board mem-bers. The Dunn Loring Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department (DLVFRD) is 1 of 12 volunteer fire departments in Fairfax County, and since its founding in 1942, it has provided lifesaving, fire suppression/prevention, and emergency medical/rescue services to the residents of the Dunn Loring area and the surrounding com-munity. Currently, the Dunn Loring Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department and Ladies Auxiliary operates from Station 13 on Gallows Road and boasts 80 active members. Alongside ca-reer firefighters, these brave volunteers con-tribute more than 29,000 hours each year to enhance public safety for more than 23,000 citizens and hundreds of businesses in the Dunn Loring area. It is my honor to submit the following names of the 2016 officers and board members: Jaime Wolfin, President Kenneth Kubiak, Vice President Tammy Lauver, Secretary Richard Morani, Treasurer Shawn Stokes, Chief Michael Masciola, Trustee Keith Edgemon, Trustee Eugene Tighe, Trustee Michael Van Dyke, Trustee Ryan Robinson, Trustee Alan Caldwell, Trustee Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the 2016 officers and board members and in commending the Dunn Loring Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department for 74 years of service. I also extend my per-sonal thanks to the outgoing DLVFRD officers and trustees for 2015. All these brave men and women deserve our highest praise for their dedication to public safety, and to each of them I say: ‘‘Stay safe.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE EASTON PUBLIC MARKET ON THE OCCA-SION OF ITS GRAND OPENING 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the grand opening of the Eas-ton Public Market, which will offer the citizens of Easton and surrounding towns a new com-munity resource. The Public Market, a full- service artisan food hall, will feature a farmstand, demonstration kitchen, and numer-ous local food vendors. Its focus on locally- sourced goods and crafts, sustainable busi-ness practices, and relationship-building will surely inspire new directions for growth and help transform the health of the community. Markets like this have significant cultural and economic impacts. They offer opportuni-ties to purchase from regional farmers and craftsman as well as provide a space for meaningful social engagement. They also en-courage entrepreneurs and create jobs. I commend the Greater Easton Develop-ment Partnership as well as its staff and vol-unteers for their commitment to creating a vi-brant Easton Public Market. Paired with the of-ferings of the Easton Farmer’s Market, Amer-ica’s oldest continuous open-air market, it will forge the Easton Market District into a regional attraction showcasing Easton’s unique food culture. f 
HONORING JULIE BORDEN 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Julie Borden, a great community leader, who is being honored as Citizen of the Year by the Associated Parents Group of Hillsborough, California. From the moment she moved to our town in 1995, she immersed herself in all aspects of our schools and great-er community. She is an extraordinary role model, selfless advocate and a tireless volun-teer. She is also a devoted mother, wife and, I am grateful to say, a good friend. Julie and her husband of 29 years, Jim, have three children—Elaine, Craig and Mary— who all were students in Hillsborough schools. Julie served on the West and Crocker Parent Group Executive Boards as New Family Liai-son, Parent Campaign Co-Chair, and Hillsborough Schools Foundation President. Her youngest daughter, Mary, and my daugh-ter were in the same class at Crocker and more recently, Mary interned in my Congres-sional Office in Washington, DC. In 2005, Julie was elected to the Hillsborough City School District Board of Trustees where she served for four years. She returned in 2011 for seven months to fill a vacancy on the board. Julie has also volunteered countless hours and her boundless energy on the Hillsborough Recreation Commission, the San Mateo High School Foundation, Stand By Our Schools Committee to Safeguard Our School, the San Mateo Union High School District Budget Advi-sory Committee and the Measure B School Bond Committee. Julie’s involvement in our schools over the years was steadfast and effective, but she would always give credit to the collective and stress that all successes were the result of ev-eryone’s effort. She is a true team player. Julie has always been extremely active in the community and has served on the Task Force for a Sustainable Hillsborough, the Citi-zens Communication Advisory Committee, the National Charity League and the Hillsborough Auxiliary to Peninsula Family Services. Julie was born and raised in Menlo Park and attended Menlo-Atherton High School. She earned her Bachelor’s degree in Geog-raphy from UC Santa Barbara and her Mas-ter’s degree in Computer Cartography from Oregon State University. For the following 15 years, Julie made her career creating maps and even started her own company which she sold when she decided to focus her energy on her family and to raise her three children. Mr. Speaker, Julie Borden is a shining ex-ample of a model citizen and an inspiration to others. I can’t think of a more deserving per-son to be named 2016 Hillsborough Citizen of the Year. f 
DOES THE MAJORITY ALWAYS WIN? BY ROBERT WARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Robert Ward attends Dawson High School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: Does the majority always win? 
Democracy: a system of government by the whole population or all the eligible members of a state establish policy and governance through a majority vote. Although we pride ourselves as one of the finest democracies in the world we don’t and shouldn’t exactly fit the formal definition of a democracy pre-sented above simply because minority rights and national security are more important than majority wishes. I would approach ma-jority rule with the idea that the constitu-tional rights of a minority and our national security should never be compromised by a majority ruling. Following the civil war much discrimina-tion still existed and racists in our govern-ment found a crafty way of excluding many African Americans whom they deemed unfit for suffrage by enacting a poll tax. This tax, although seemingly fair because it taxed all individuals the same amount to vote, was di-rectly targeted at African American who had recently been emancipated from slavery and had minute sums of money to pay to vote. This situation clearly demonstrates a time when the majority rule (enacting a poll tax) was in direct violation of minorities’ con-stitutional right to unrepressed suffrage. If I were elected this is exactly the state of af-fairs that I would steer clear of in order to protect the liberties of all citizens of the United States. Similar barriers to minority suffrage such as literacy tests to vote or flat out intimidation and harassment against mi-norities at voting centers would not be ac-ceptable under my watch. National security is another item that must never bow down to majority will. For instance the patriot act, enacted following the vicious attacks of 9/11, and those similar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.008 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE482 April 15, 2016 
to it should be upheld even against even ma-jority rule because they are directed with the intention of the well being and safety of American citizens. Consider a hypothetical situation where 90% of congress voted to have key military technological advance-ments, such as the design and engineering behind the black hawk helicopter, released to the general public. Even if congress wasn’t faced by opposition from the execu-tive branch, judicial review and elected offi-cials like my future self would fiercely op-pose this divulgence of such essential infor-mation because of the great threat it would place on national security and military su-premacy. This is another situation where majority rule would have to be denied. If I were elected as a prominent govern-ment official I would strive to ensure that the liberties of the few and the safety of the many are protected even from a majority ruling in a proclaimed democracy to provide security and balance. f 
HONORING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2016 DALE CITY CIVIC ASSO-CIATION COMMUNITY AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the 2016 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards. The Civic Association represents the inter-ests of the residents of Dale City in a manner that benefits the entire community. Association members complete revitalization and beautifi-cation projects, advocate for land use projects, and volunteer responses to community needs. Each year, the Association hosts a recogni-tion banquet to honor individuals and organi-zations that have shown exemplary devotion to the betterment of the community through public service. It is my honor to submit the names of the 2016 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards recipients: Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Fire-fighter of the Year Award: Robert ‘‘Alex’’ Willis Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Emer-gency Medical Service Provider of the Year Award: Lauren Clowser Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Officer of the Year Award: Sergeant Robert ‘‘OJ’’ Best Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Cadet of the Year Award: Tristin Toro Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue, Career Firefighter of the Year Award: Technician I Andrew Hale Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue, Career Emergency Medical Technician of the Year Award: Technician II Mike Militello Prince William County Police Department, Police Officer of the Year Award: Officer Wil-liam Bowler Prince William County Sheriff’s Office, Dep-uty Sheriff of the Year Award: Deputy Thomas ‘‘TC’’ Williams Kathy Feeney Nurse of the Year Award: An-gela Cronan Business of the Year Award: Haynes View, LLC, owned by LaBrenda Haynes John D. Jenkins Youth Citizen of the Year Award: Sara Howell Dale City Youth Environmental and Con-servation Award: Rebecca Hawkins Prince William County Public Schools, Ele-mentary School Teacher of the Year Award: Ashley Hoyle Prince William County Public Schools, Mid-dle School Teacher of the Year Award: Donna Morgan Prince William County Public Schools, High School Teacher of the Year Award: Karen Shaver Kathleen K. Seefeldt Community Service Award: Mary Lively Ernestine S. Jenkins Lifetime Volunteer Achievement Award: Mary Allen Catherine Spellane Citizen of the Year Award: Lucille Cahill Dale City Civic Association Outstanding Service Award: Michael Bizik Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the 2016 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards winners for their commitment to building and maintaining such a vibrant community for residents to live, work, and play. Each recipient has made a lasting contribution to Dale City, and I hope their actions will spur others into serving our community to sustain this tremendous suc-cess. f 
TRIBUTE TO SUNNI SWARBICK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sunni Swarbick for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. Sunni serves as an Associate Director at Di-versified Management Services in West Des Moines. She has been tirelessly committed to her clients by helping them grow through new innovative ideas. Sunni is dedicated to excel-lence and it shows through her hard work and determination to succeed. She is also a leader within her community and founded the Lead Like a Lady organization, a network that gives young women the tools they need to be suc-cessful leaders personally and professionally. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Sunni in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Sunni on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF OXNARD COLLEGE HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and congratulate Oxnard College on its 40th anniversary as a principal, two-year institution of higher learning in Ventura County. Since 1975, Oxnard Col-lege has built a vibrant and diverse scholastic community, has enhanced the local and global consciousness of its students, and has fash-ioned itself into a remarkable academic asset for the Central Coast region. Ever since its inaugural year, when it en-rolled over 4,400 students, Oxnard College has been a significant driver of education and opportunity for Ventura County’s residents. During its early years, Oxnard College classes operated out of borrowed facilities in churches, schools, military bases, and firehouses. Today and within a span of only four decades, Oxnard College has come a long way from its humble beginnings, and boasts of state-of-the- art classrooms, educational facilities, a phys-ical education center, a performing arts center, and a library, with major new construction and renovations always on the horizon. Oxnard College strives to provide open-ac-cess to educational opportunities so that every individual—regardless of age, sex, race, dis-ability, or ethnic socio-economic status, cul-tural or educational background—can fulfill his or her potential. Oxnard College is a shining beacon to the community giving hope to all of Ventura County residents who seek economic opportunity and social mobility through their academic pursuits. Pursuant to its educational philosophy, Oxnard College provides educational pro-grams that develop individual abilities, strengthen human relationships, and enrich community life. To that end, Oxnard College offers 18 certificate programs, 17 Associate degrees for transfer, and 37 Associate de-grees with classes in over 60 disciplines. Every year, Oxnard College prepares hun-dreds of students for further undergraduate studies, such as in the esteemed University of California and California State University sys-tems. On the occasion of its 40th anniversary, it is my sincere pleasure to honor Oxnard College and the entire Condor community for its con-tributions to academic excellence and suc-cess. 
f 
HONORING ANGIE CARRERA ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Angie Carrera on the occasion of her retirement from Fairfax County and to thank her for her service. Although she has been a Fairfax County employee for the last 22 years, her immense contributions to our community go back much further. Ms. Carrera has devoted her career to the promotion and administration of volunteerism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.003 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE483 April 15, 2016 
This began in 1975 when she began recruiting volunteers for a nearly-defunct women’s cen-ter. This led to her becoming the executive di-rector of the Voluntary Action Center, which is now known as Volunteer Fairfax and serves as a clearing house matching volunteers with area non-profits. Following her tenure with Volunteer Fairfax, Ms. Carrera served in a variety of positions and capacities. She became volunteer coordi-nator for the Fairfax County Juvenile Court where she was responsible for recruiting and supervising programs for court-involved youths. In 1992, Ms. Carrera was asked to launch the Volunteer Interpreter Program to help the Juvenile Court staff better deal with youth and their families who were not pro-ficient in English. This program received two National Association of Counties awards in recognition of its effectiveness and value. In 2002 she became the Language Access Coor-dinator in the Office of the County Executive and was responsible for policy and procedures on language issues within the county govern-ment. Most recently Ms. Carrera has served as both Volunteer Resource Coordinator and a Partnership Developer for the County’s Office of Public-Private Partnerships. The Office of Public Private Partnerships (OP
3) serves as a clearing house and point of contact for public agencies, non-profit organizations, and local businesses. OP
3creates and develops mean-ingful public private partnerships in county pri-ority areas to leverage new resources and ad-dress community issues impacting the quality of life in Fairfax County. In addition to serving in these positions, Ms. Carrera has played a role in numerous special projects including elections outreach and the 2015 World Police and Fire Games. Ms. Carrera was recently honored by the Dulles Regional Chamber of Commerce as its 2014 Business Citizen of the Year. Mr. Speaker, Angie Carrera’s accomplish-ments and the legacy she leaves behind in her community are worthy of our highest praise. Her selfless dedication has contributed greatly to the public good and the outstanding quality of life for residents of Fairfax County. I commend her for her decades of service and ask my colleagues to join me in wishing her well in retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, on April 12, 2016 I was not present to vote on H.R. 1567 (Global Food Security Act). I wish to re-flect my intentions had I been present to vote. Had I been present for roll call No. 139, I would have voted ‘‘YEA.’’ THE FERGUSON RIOTS: AN IMPOR-TANT EVENT THAT HAS CHANGED AMERICA, BY PHILLIP NGUYEN HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Phillip Nguyen attends Dawson High School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: The Ferguson Riots: An Important Event That Has Changed America. 
The year of 2015 has been a time of im-mense societal changes in America. The riots in Ferguson, Missouri exemplify one of the many events that have sparked such changes in the United States. From impacting the way society views minority groups to rep-resenting the shift in which the citizens of America demonstrate their protests, the Fer-guson riots were a horrific event to be re-membered throughout our country that has changed the way our society functions. Beginning with the sudden death of Mi-chael Brown by a police officer, the riots over the dispute of police brutality have be-come a catalyst for the newfound ‘‘black lives matter’’ movement. This event has sparked an immense change in our country in that the citizens have become much more focused upon the treatment of minorities (especially African Americans) by police offi-cers. In addition, a large amount of citizens of all races have been advocating the ideal-istic values of non-violence after witnessing the incidents occurring during the riots (looting, fires, and destruction of property). The media has even become extremely cen-tralized over the ongoing disputes between the black and white communities as well as police brutality. Furthermore, the event of the riots in Ferguson has incited a shift in the functionality of the police system, such as requiring on duty officers to have a work-ing camera on their person. Not all changes were positive, however. The riots were indic-ative of the change in how Americans dem-onstrate their protests of today in compari-son to the past. For example, the riots emerged from the protests pertaining to po-lice brutality towards African Americans quickly turned violent (by the protestors), whereas in the past for American civil rights movements, the protests were centralized over the idealism of peace and non-violence and rarely have the protestors ever turned violent. The Ferguson riots in Missouri were an event that shook the country as a whole and sparked a plethora of social changes in the American people. Moreover, it not only im-pacted the way in which people have viewed the African American community lately, but it has changed the way in which the police force functions. CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF MASTER SERGEANT TARA R. BROWN 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and celebrate the life of Air Force Master Ser-geant Tara R. Brown. A graduate of Deltona High School in Volusia County, Florida, Master Sergeant Brown gave her life defending our freedom on April 27, 2011. MSgt. Brown was the wife of Army Sgt. Ernest Brown and the daughter of Mr. Jim Jacobs of Deltona, Flor-ida. On Monday, April 18, 2016, in Central Flor-ida, the street that serves as the entry to her alma mater, Daytona High School, will be named in her honor. This special recognition serves to honor and pay tribute to her service and devotion to the nation. Her family, friends and community will gather as we dedicate the corridor where she attended school in her memory. Shortly after graduating from Deltona High School, MSgt. Brown enlisted in the Air Force and reported to Basic Military Training School at Lackland Air Force Base. She continued her training at Keesler Air Force Base in Mis-sissippi where she attended technical school and was subsequently assigned to Kadena Air Base, Japan where she began working in in-formation management. Brown continued her service to our country during several overseas assignments. In No-vember 2006, she was assigned to Head-quarters, Air Force Office of Special Investiga-tions and her service later took her to Eskan Village, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with and Kandahar Air Field, Afghanistan. In January 2011, she deployed to Kabul, Afghanistan as a communications squadron advisor for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Air Training Command-Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, Master Sgt. Brown selflessly answered her nation’s call to serve, and per-formed with distinction for over fifteen years. Her impeccable service record further reflects her outstanding character and dedication to her fellow men and women in uniform and to our country. As a testament to her decorated career, MSgt. Brown was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Meritorious Service Medal, Air Force Combat Action Medal, and the NATO Article Five Medal. In her local community, the citizens of Deltona, Florida have renamed the southern portion of the road formerly known as Forrest Edge Drive to MSgt. Tara Jacobs Brown Ave. In addition to her father and husband, Brown is survived by her mother, Gladys Vereen of New York; brothers Jim Jacobs of Kissimmee, Dominic Jacobs of New York, and Michael Jacobs of Deltona; and sister, Laguanda Jacobs of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in remembering and celebrating the deco-rated service of Master Sergeant Tara R. Brown, and ask that God bless her soul and the souls of all our fallen heroes that have given their lives so we may enjoy the free-doms we all hold dear. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.011 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE484 April 15, 2016 
HONORING TROY HAGER 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Troy Hager who is being recognized with the Community Care Award by the Associated Parents Group of Hillsborough, California. Mr. Hager has been a highly respected and pop-ular teacher in the Hillsborough City School District for 16 years. He not only values cre-ativity and independence in his students, he fosters and instills these qualities in them. Mr. Hager came to Crocker Middle as the new technology teacher in 1999. Within a year, he had a vision for what would become his signature class: a newscast produced, di-rected, anchored, reported and videotaped by the HTV Newsteam, a group of 7th and 8th graders. Hillsborough Television (HTV) already existed as a local access cable station broad-casting content such as important district infor-mation, school presentations, musicals, theat-rical performances and events produced by the school district, but the idea of a newscast fully produced by students was new. Mr. Hager pitched the idea to the principal, got the green light and then went to work to build the studio—from scratch. He built Teleprompters, news sets and painted the walls. This is not exactly what you would expect of a technology teacher, so it is important to understand Mr. Hager’s background. He grew up in Ventura without a TV. Instead, the family did projects where they turned a closet into a dark room, restored cars, and built cabinets and aquar-iums. As a child, Troy helped his father build several grandfather clocks. His wife Karen says he is a Renaissance man, just like his fa-ther. Once the studio was built, Mr. Hager started teaching the class in 2000. Students compete to get in the class and submit applications, just like in the real television world. There are more than fifteen different jobs involved in pro-ducing the newscast and the students rotate so that they can learn every single job, but there is only one person who is teaching all of those skills: Mr. Hager. I had the great pleas-ure to see this extraordinary teacher at work when my children attended Crocker and were on the news team. They learned invaluable lessons and developed both technical and cre-ative skills. Mr. Hager was also one of the creators of the One-To-World Chromebook program at Crocker Middle School that began in 2011. It supplies students with their own laptops. His vision to prepare our children for the future in the digital world they will live and work in is characteristic of Mr. Hager. He is always one step ahead and constantly striving for excel-lence. In addition to these outstanding accomplish-ments, Mr. Hager serves as an advisor to the Crocker Coding Club and a coach on the Ex-ecutive Board of the Hillsborough American Youth Soccer Organization. But Mr. Hager doesn’t only serve the stu-dents. He also does the IT support for all of the teachers and staff at Crocker. Calls to re-pair broken or frozen computers are part of his every day. He welcomes those calls and sees them as opportunities to embrace technology. To him computers are interactive tools that connect teachers and students and open up new channels of learning. He has the ideal temperament for his job; he is even-keeled, mellow and loves working with teenagers. He and Karen, his wife of 19 years, have two teenagers of their own, Brooke who is 15 and Sage who is 13 and currently attending Crocker Middle School. Troy Hager grew up in Ventura and at-tended Ventura High School. He received his Bachelor’s degree in Psychology from UC Berkeley and his teaching credential from San Francisco State University. Before teaching at Crocker Middle School, he taught at Franldin Elementary School in Burlingame. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and the mem-bers of the House of Representatives rise with me to honor Troy Hager, an exceptional teacher and devoted husband and father. I can’t think of a more deserving person to re-ceive the 2016 Hillsborough Community Care award. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF LORRAINE BUSHROD JACKSON 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Mrs. Lorraine Bushrod Jackson of Springfield, Virginia, and to commend her years of service to her church and community. Mrs. Jackson has been a member of the Shiloh Baptist Church for 73 years, beginning in 1943. Shiloh Baptist Church is one of oldest churches in Northern Virginia and has been designated a historical site by the Fairfax County Historical Commission. At the age of 10, Mrs. Jackson joined the Shiloh Baptist Church. Her parents, Gladys Cordelia Bushrod and Courtney Bushrod were members and raised their family within the church commu-nity. Mrs. Jackson has remained a faithful member of Shiloh Baptist Church since that time, as have her three remaining siblings: Shirley, Gwendolyn, and Barbara. For 35 years, from 1978 to 2013, Mrs. Jack-son served as the Financial Secretary of Shi-loh Baptist Church. When Mrs. Jackson first accepted the position of Financial Secretary she lived in Capitol Heights, Md., and traveled to Lorton regularly to perform her duties. She was truly dedicated and committed to doing her job and serving the church. While serving in this capacity, she implemented numerous enhancements that improved the functionality and financial reporting capabilities including establishment of a voucher system, creation of budget line items that allowed the various min-istries to better track their funds, introduction of Church Plus Financial System for more ac-curate record keeping of member’s donations and church expenses, and preparation of year-end statements to church members. Mrs. Jackson has also served in other min-istries over the years. She was an active mis-sionary, as well as church historian and usher, and she served on a number of committees including the Hospitality Committee and Cem-etery Committee. She also represented Shiloh Baptist Church on the Seeds of Independence Committee at Gunston Hall. Despite recent physical limitations, Mrs. Jackson is currently President of the (Primetimers) Senior Ministry. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Lorraine Bushrod Jack-son epitomizes living one’s faith through serv-ice to her church and the community. I com-mend Mrs. Jackson for her dedicated and faithful service to the Shiloh Baptist congrega-tion and ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating her on her many accomplishments and wishing her health, happiness, and suc-cess in all future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHANNON RUDOLPH UMTHUM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Shannon Rudolph Umthum for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. Shannon serves as the Designated Learning Officer at the VA Central Iowa Health Care Systems (VACIHCS). She is continuously working to find new ways to improve the serv-ices and employment provided by the VACIHCS. Shannon promotes a culture of learning and growth that attracts the best and brightest in her field. Her dedication to excel-lence has also followed her into her civic life. Shannon is currently a member of the Iowa Hospital Association Executive Academy of 2016 and also formed the very first Go Red for Women Event Committee and Iowa Stroke Task Force. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Shannon in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Shannon on receiv-ing this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
MAJORITY RULE BY RAHUL NAGVEKAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.009 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE485 April 15, 2016 
school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Rahul Nagvekar attends Dulles High School in Sugar Land, Texas. The essay topic is: ma-jority rule. 
Majority rule is an important principle in any democracy, but it is always crucial to preserve the rights of and consider ideas from minority factions. To improve our sys-tem of majority rule, I would seek to intro-duce legislation permitting binding nation-wide referenda, consequently allowing pro-posals supported by an absolute majority of voters to be enacted independently of our party system. Our current system of majority rule allows political factions to claim majority status even without the support of a numerical ma-jority of voting-eligible Americans. In the last ten years, voter turnout has never ex-ceeded 65% in a nationwide election. Even a party that wins 55% of the vote in an elec-tion with 65% turnout—almost always suffi-cient for a majority in a legislature or Elec-toral College—has been endorsed by just over 35% of eligible voters. Clearly, this does not indicate majority support for the winning party’s policies and positions. As an alternative, I believe America needs a nationwide petition-and-referendum sys-tem, some variant of which is already used in most states to consult voters about sig-nificant changes to legislation. Here is a basic framework for a nationwide ref-erendum system, which can, if used cor-rectly, bypass the party system and promote true majority rule: 1. Any voting-eligible American citizen can introduce a petition calling for a ref-erendum, either to introduce a new law or to repeal an existing law. The petitioner should include the text of his or her proposed ref-erendum question. 2. Once the petition is signed by 20% of all voting-eligible Americans, the proposal will be submitted to a Referendum Committee consisting of five constitutional law experts, all appointed by the Supreme Court. (The very high signature threshold should ensure that referenda are only used to resolve ques-tions of genuine national importance.) 3. If the Referendum Committee unani-mously concludes that the passage of the ref-erendum will not violate the Constitution, the referendum question will appear on the ballot at the next available opportunity. Na-tionwide referenda will coincide with elec-tions to the House of Representatives, but no more than three referendum questions will appear simultaneously on any national bal-lot. 4. If an absolute majority of voting-eligible Americans vote for the referendum proposal, the referendum will be binding and the pro-posal will be passed into law with a vote of Congress and the signature of the president. This petition-and-referendum system en-hance our current system of majority rule, first and foremost by allowing a proposal genuinely supported by a majority of voting- eligible Americans to be enacted into law even if it is not supported by the governing party. Additionally, by giving citizens a say in important national matters, a referendum system is likely to encourage increased turn-out in future elections. I sincerely believe that this increased political participation will lead to more vigorous debate, encour-aging winning parties to consider ideas from their defeated opponents—making our ma-jority rule system more functional and democratic. f RECOGNIZING THE OXNARD COL-LEGE MEN’S SOCCER TEAM AS THE 2015 CALIFORNIA COMMU-NITY COLLEGE ATHLETIC ASSO-CIATION STATE SOCCER CHAM-PIONS 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Oxnard College Men’s Soccer Team for winning the 2015 Cali-fornia Community College Athletic Association State Soccer Championship. I commend the entire Oxnard College community on this mon-umental achievement and victory. It is important to recognize that the journey for the Oxnard College Men’s Soccer Team began far before they stepped on the field to practice. For the majority of these young men, their soccer careers began as young children playing in youth sports for fun. It was only a mere dream that one day these men would grow up to play for their college team and win the state title. Under the outstanding leader-ship of Coach Ross Greaney, a former Oxnard College player himself, the team was led to victory through hard work and dedication throughout the season. Beginning with their initial home game, the Oxnard Condors worked diligently throughout their season up until the championship game on December 6, 2015. The Condors ended their season with 19 wins, 4 losses, and 3 ties. Facing Evergreen Valley College at De Anza College in Cupertino, California for the State Championship may have felt like a dream at one point, but their successful sea-son had prepared the Condors well for this challenge. From over 300 miles away, the Oxnard Col-lege community cheered and vigilantly watched as Cristian Guzman scored the win-ning goal for the Condors in overtime with the final score of 2–1. Through their perseverance and teamwork, the Condors returned home as state champions. Through their sportsmanship and commit-ment, the Oxnard Condors brought home Oxnard College’s first state title in almost forty years. With a leadership team of Head Coach Ross Greaney, Assistant Coach Bryan Hill, Team Manager Marc Pinlac, and Student Manager Oscar Martinez, the Condors had a strong support system to become champions. I would like to recognize the 19 players who deserve recognition for their victory including Eduardo Garcia, Saul Higuera, Daniel Aguilar, Mario Sermeno, Ricky Arroyo, Jorge Jimenez, Edwin Elizarraraz, Gustavo Navarro, Fernando Hernandez Puga, Christian Guzman, Jerry Orozco, Raul Gonzalez, Luis Cabrera, Andres Herrera, Damian Lopez, Matias Lopez, Keifer Cooksey, Joseph Hernandez, and Sergio Equivel. I am confident this hallmark achievement is only the beginning of many more to come for this team. For these reasons, I am pleased to express my sincere congratulations to the Oxnard College Men’s Soccer Team for this great victory. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on April 12, 2016 I was absent for recorded vote Number 139 and Number 140. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were here: On Roll Call Number 139 I would have voted yes. On Roll Call Number 140 I would have voted yes. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2016 TYSONS REGIONAL CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Tysons Regional Chamber of Com-merce and to congratulate the incoming 2016 board members. Tysons has drastically transformed during the past 50 years. This change began when the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors ap-proved plans for the Tysons Corner Shopping Center in 1962. When the mall opened in 1968, it was hailed as the largest enclosed mall in the world. Since then, there has been a dramatic influx of technology companies, government con-tracting firms, and other corporations. Tysons has become the premier business district of the Washington Metropolitan Area and is the 12th largest employment center in the United States. With the recent opening of Metro’s Sil-ver Line and ongoing redevelopment, the re-gion is expected to continue adding not only businesses but also high-density residential housing. The mission of the Tysons Regional Cham-ber of Commerce is to be the unified voice of the business community in the area while en-suring that its ties and commitment to the community are strengthened. The Chamber actively promotes local non-profits and com-munity organizations, as well as youth edu-cational programs, and it sponsors multiple events each year in support of these activities. The growth of the Chamber has been the re-sult of the diversity of its members and the leadership of its Board. I am pleased to submit the following names of the incoming 2016 board members: 2016 Chairman of the Board: Lori Lopez 2017 Incoming Chairman of the Board: Jeff DiMeglio Incoming Board Members: William P. Daly, Jr., David MacGillivray, Peg McDermott, Stacy Bradford, Scott Finberg, Angela Inzerillo, Kathy Jensen, Kevin McCoy, Scott M. Ward, James Y. Boland, Carla Doyle, Matt Edgar, Maureen Loftus, Matt Evans, Jerry Ferguson, Shania Kapoor, Sopa Keo, Jeffrey B. Krashin, Shirley Luu, Cory Scott, Michele Weatherly, Peter Wynne, and Dean Xenos. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.011 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE486 April 15, 2016 
I also commend Mark Rogoff who served as Chairman for 2014–2015 for his leadership during this time of significant expansion. Dur-ing his tenure, membership of the Chamber in-creased by 15 percent, professional programs offered to members were expanded and im-proved, and community involvement was in-creased. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the Tysons Regional Chamber of Commerce for its commitment to promoting the business community while en-couraging social responsibility and in con-gratulating the incoming board members. I wish the Chamber continued success. 
f 
ESSAY BY REBECA CHACKO 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Rebeca Chacko attends Manvel High School in Manvel, Texas. The essay topic is: Select an important event that has occurred in the past year and explain how that event has changed/shaped our country. 
In the 1960’s the movement for marriage equality gained notable attention. This at-tempt gained traction because of the grow-ing number of people who identified as ho-mosexual. Since then, there has and con-tinues to be conflict facing the definition of marriage. This issue unraveled the larger issue of government power. What can the government dictate, and what is overstep-ping the line? Even though the United States was built on Christian ideals, the govern-ment cannot cater to a specific group of peo-ple and neglect the rest. The Supreme Court legalizing same sex marriage evoked discus-sion and reevaluation of our country’s be-liefs. Our government has the responsibility of maintaining order and protecting the rights of the people. As the people evolve, the gov-ernment must evolve accordingly. With this Supreme Court ruling, some individuals felt as if this was an attack on their personal be-liefs. Certain groups of people felt that they were going against their religious views by accepting this ruling. However, the ruling made it clear to individuals with those be-liefs that it is not a matter of right or wrong in their standards, but a matter of equality that is extended to all individuals. Religious rights should not be encroached on, but indi-vidual rights must be preserved as well. The country learned to be more open and accept-ing of an array of views. Our constitution was created to ensure the protection of the minority, so no one group has to feel inferior to the rest. The nation realized that everyone’s views are not homogenous. With the legalization of same sex marriage, our nation has become more progressive. Though the entire country might not be on the same page, they are on the path to acceptance. Nothing happens overnight, and no one should expect it to. Moreover, people cannot be complacent; they have to continually fight for the minority. Now, our country is more open to change and reform. This ruling helped us to become a better nation that includes all groups. De-mocracy cannot function without the illu-mination of the people’s voice provoking change. That is exactly what has happened with this ruling. f RECOGNIZING CAPTAIN JESSICA GRACE KINGSLEY 
HON. JOSEPH J. HECK 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Captain Jessica Kingsley for her past year of exemplary service as an Army Congressional Liaison for the Chief, Army Re-serve. During that short time, Jessica made a lasting and positive impact on the Army Re-serve through her efforts to foster and main-tain relationships with Congressional members and staff. As the legislative liaison for per-sonnel and medical portfolios, she ensured that Army Reserve Soldiers’ interests were clearly communicated to Members of Con-gress and their staffs as they contemplated the impacts of pending legislation. Additionally, Jessica led efforts to draft, refine, and promote legislative proposals designed to ensure the well-being of Army Reserve Soldiers and to maintain the superior quality force the Nation expects from its Army Reserve. I am grateful that she will continue to serve the Army and Congress in her new assign-ment to the House Liaison Division, Office of the Chief Legislative Liaison, at the Pentagon, Washington, D.C. We wish her well in her new position and look forward to our continued re-lationship. A native of New York, Captain Kingsley en-listed in the Army Reserve as a Private. She served ten years as an Intelligence Analyst. During that time, Jessica deployed to Bosnia and Herzegovina in support of NATO’s first peacekeeping operation and the NATO led Stabilization Force, deterring war and main-taining security to support civil reconstruction efforts. In 2001, she mobilized for 30 months at U.S. Army Forces Command in support of the Global War on Terrorism. In 2002, she graduated from the University of Georgia with three Bachelor Degrees in Criminal Justice, Sociology and Psychology. Captain Kingsley was appointed via direct commission into the military intelligence branch in 2005. As an Officer in the United States Army Reserve, Captain Kingsley served at various levels. In 2005, she mobi-lized in support of humanitarian efforts on be-half of the people of Mississippi, Louisiana and Texas as part of Joint Task Forces Katrina and Rita. In 2006, Captain Kingsley deployed to Iraq as the Senior Intelligence Of-ficer for the Engineer Task Force serving Multi-National Force-West and conducting all bridging, construction and route clearance op-erations in western Iraq. In 2008, she was se-lected to serve as the Aide-de-Camp for the Commanding General of the Military Intel-ligence Readiness Command at Fort Belvoir, Virginia. In 2011, she was selected as the Company Commander for Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment, 377th Military Intel-ligence Battalion in Orlando, Florida. In 2012, Captain Kingsley was recognized with the General Douglas MacArthur Leadership Award. Her service in the Army Reserve is high-lighted by her 2013 selection as an Army Con-gressional Fellow. Captain Kingsley graduated with a Master’s Degree in Legislative Affairs from The George Washington University and served as a Congressional Fellow for Senator ROBERT CASEY JR. of Pennsylvania. In Sen-ator C
ASEY ’s office, she worked legislative and constituent issues in National Defense, For-eign Affairs, Veterans Affairs, and various labor and union related areas. Following her fellowship, Captain Kingsley served as a Leg-islative Liaison assigned to the Office, Chief Army Reserve. As with all our Citizen Soldiers, it is impor-tant that we acknowledge her civilian employ-er’s sacrifice and community’s service. It is be-cause of their cooperation and understanding during her many tours on Active Duty that she is able to make such a positive impact on the Army Reserve. Jessica is accustomed to working long hours in all of her positions in the Army and civilian sector. So, it is only fair and proper to acknowledge the tireless support of her spouse, Annah. I thank her for her sacrifices and wish her all the best for continued suc-cess in the future. Throughout her twenty year career, Captain Jessica Kingsley has made positive impacts on the careers and lives of her Soldiers, peers, and superiors, and I am grateful that she has chosen to serve as an Army leader. I join my colleagues today in honoring her dedication to our Nation and invaluable serv-ice to the United States Congress as an Army congressional liaison. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MIKE RICHARDS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mike Richards for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As a senior shareholder and attorney at the Davis Brown Law Firm, Mike works tirelessly to provide his customers with sound, reason-able legal advice and top notch customer service. Mike’s dedication to his community goes hand in hand with his hard work in his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.013 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE487 April 15, 2016 
professional life. He volunteers his time to the Broadlawns Advocate Circle so that those who suffer from a mental illness have access to the kind of care they need in order to find them-selves on the path to recovery. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Mike in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mike on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DETECTIVE MARC KOVAR 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to your attention the outstanding achieve-ments of Detective Marc Kovar, who is being honored by the Cathedral of St. John the Bap-tist during the 16th Annual Dean McNutly Awards Dinner this Sunday, April 17, 2016. Detective Kovar is the Executive Vice Presi-dent of the 33,000-member strong New Jersey State Policemen’s Benevolent Association (NJSPBA). He is committed to fighting for the rights of the men and women of law enforce-ment, who place their lives on the line each day for the people of New Jersey. Marc has served the residents in the City of Passaic for more than 20 years, and holds the rank of De-tective. He has been involved in many other com-mittees and sits on the National Board of NAPO (National Association of Police Organi-zations). As a labor leader, Marc rose through the ranks of the Passaic PBA and State PBA. As the Delegate for the PBA Local 14, he was appointed to the State PBA Executive Board in 2008 and served six years as Chairman of the Collective Bargaining Committee. Further-more, he is an active voice in the PBA Com-mittees on legislation, legal defense and train-ing of new union delegates. Marc is widely known for his volunteer work on behalf of fall-en officers and their survivors; including over 10 years of service on the Passaic County Blue Mass Committee. He currently lives in Clifton with his wife Nicole and his two daugh-ters Rachel and Isabella. Marc is one of the most passionate union members and is exceptionally loyal to the PBA. Until his appointment as Executive Vice President, he was Chairman of the New Jer-sey State Policemen’s Benevolent Association Collective Bargaining Committee. His involve-ment with this committee has given him the unique perspective and experience needed to carry out his duties as PBA Executive Vice President. As Co-Chair of the Congressional Law En-forcement Caucus, I understand that law en-forcement officials such as Detective Kovar are a critical part of keeping our local commu-nities safe. I have the great honor of recog-nizing Marc’s strong leadership and tireless dedication to his fellow officers as well as the communities that they serve. I have known Marc personally as a law enforcement officer and as a friend, and I can tell you that there are few people who you would rather have in your corner than him. The job of a United States Congressman in-volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the achievements of public servants such as Detective Marc Kovar. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues, his family and friends, fellow officers, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the work of Detective Marc Kovar. f 
CONGRATULATING SUE WOODRUFF ON THE OCCASION OF HER RE-TIREMENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sue Woodruff on the occasion of her retirement, and to thank her for her 42 years of service to Fairfax County. Sue began her career with Fairfax County in 1973. Since that time, she has served in a va-riety of positions and departments including the County Executive’s office, the Consumer Affairs division and the former Department of Social Services; however, she has spent the majority of her career in the Department of Human Resources (DHR) where she has served admirably for the last 35 years. Sue joined the DHR in 1981 as a personnel analyst and from 1986–2002 served as the employee relations division chief. In this posi-tion, Sue was responsible for supervising em-ployee relations, including personnel policy de-velopment, grievances, internal communica-tions, award programs, the Employee Assist-ance Program, and drug and alcohol testing. She also served as the agency’s liaison to the Fairfax County Employees Advisory Council and the Civil Service Commission. She was promoted to assistant director for DHR in 2002 and served in that position for 6 years. Her responsibilities included overseeing compensation, employee relations, and work force planning. Due to her expertise, Sue led the review of the Pay for Performance Sys-tem. She convened a group of human re-sources professionals, budget analysts, and employee advocates to explore possible en-hancements. This commission identified a number of areas that could be improved and made recommendations, including the addition of an extra level or ‘‘fifth bar’’ to be used in employee evaluations and adjustments to per-formance awards. These changes resulted in a more consistent and fair employee evalua-tion process. During this time, Sue also served on the legislative team and co-led the man-agement team setting the strategic direction for the agency. Most recently, Sue has served as the direc-tor of the Department of Human Resources (DHR), a position the Board of Supervisors appointed her to in 2008. She has continued to strive to improve Human Resources oper-ations and ensure that Fairfax County has the policies and programs in place to attract and retain a superior workforce. The world-class services provided by Fairfax County govern-ment are in no small way due to Sue’s efforts to build, train, and incentivize the dedicated civil servants who work for the County. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Sue on the occasion of her retirement and in thanking her for her dec-ades of dedicated public service. Fairfax County is often cited as being one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a family, and Sue Woodruff has con-tributed immeasurably to this success. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 37TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 37th Anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) which was signed thirty-seven years ago on April 10, 1979. Since its enactment, the TRA has under-girded U.S.-Taiwan relations—resulting in a mutually beneficial relationship that encour-ages strong security, cultural, and economic ties. Taiwan’s story is an example to the world of the potential of a country. Taiwan and the United States share many values including: a commitment to democracy, human rights, and the rule of law. Indeed, I am particularly proud that as a Member of the U.S. Congress, my colleagues and I can serve an important role in strength-ening bilateral relations by engaging our coun-terparts in Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, Taiwan has grown to become America’s ninth-largest overall trading partner and our seventh-largest destination for agricul-tural exports. After Taiwan became part of the U.S. Visa Wavier Program in November 2012, travel from Taiwan to the United States increased by more than 50 percent. Taiwan is set to join the U.S. Global Entry Program—a manifestation of its commitment to continuous cooperation between our two countries. Mr. Speaker, I commend the speech deliv-ered by Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou on March 30, 2016 at AmCham Hsie Nian Fan celebration, in which he emphasized the strong and abiding friendship between Taiwan and the United States, which was integral to Taiwan’s transformation into the free, pros-perous, and just society it is today. President Ma also mentioned that through the effort to seek peace, Taiwan has become a peacemaker and provider of humanitarian aid. President Ma also spoke of Taiwan’s future through the lens of three key issues: cross- strait relations, energy, and economic develop-ment. During this time, as we commemorate the 37th anniversary of the enactment of the Tai-wan Relations Act, I encourage my colleagues to continue to join me in support of and in pro-motion of our bilateral relations with Taiwan. I also want to congratulate Taiwan on the January 16, 2016 election of the first female President to be elected—Dr. Tsai Ing-wen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.016 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE488 April 15, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, the inauguration of President Dr. Tsai Ing-wen is the third peaceful transition of power in Taiwan’s democratic history. The United States congratulates the people and government of Taiwan on the election of President Tsai Ing-wen and Taiwan’s enduring and strong commitment to nurturing democ-racy, human rights and the rule of law. 
f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS—BIANCA ELLEGON 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Bianca Ellegon from Richmond, TX for being accepted into the National Acad-emy of Future Physicians and Medical Sci-entists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Bianca attends Terry High School and is one of eight high school honor students se-lected from the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas. These students were se-lected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Dar-ling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Bianca was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of her dedication to her academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Bianca and all of her hard work, and know she will make Richmond proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Bianca for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. 
f 
HONORING KATHRYN A. HEIN ON HER RETIREMENT AFTER 11 YEARS OF DEDICATED SERVICE TO MARQUETTE UNIVERSITY 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kathy Hein. She retired from Mar-quette University on March 31, 2016 after serving eleven years. Ms. Hein was the As-sistant Director of the Les Aspin Center—Mil-waukee, Les Aspin Center for Government. The position oversees the Milwaukee-based state and local internship program created to complement the Washington internship pro-gram. The Les Aspin Center for Government which began in 1984 is a nationally recog-nized educational program that prepares young people to serve the public effectively and ethically and provides opportunities to en-hance public policy awareness. Additionally, in 2005, the Kleczka Internship Program which Kathy Hein oversaw was started on Marquette’s campus in Milwaukee. The Klecz-ka Internship Program places students in city, county and state legislative offices in Wis-consin. Like the successful academic model of the Les Aspin Center, the Kleczka internship combines hands-on internship experiences with classroom instruction to maximize stu-dents’ learning opportunities. Since its incep-tion 2,200 Les Aspin Center students have in-terned at many offices including: nearly 100 congressional offices, the State Department, the U.S. Secret Service, the White House, the Department of Defense, the Wisconsin Office of Federal-state Relations, and offices for Wis-consin-based corporations. The Les Aspin Center, through international exchanges, pro-motes mutual understanding between the United States and other countries. In fact, at any given time, there are approximately 50 Les Aspin Center alumni working as profes-sional staff members in Congress and many have been elected to office themselves. This is Ms. Hein’s second retirement. She was a distinguished public servant working for the federal government for 27 years. Kathy worked in the Washington, DC office of the late Congressman Les Aspin. Prior to retire-ment from federal service, she served as Chief of Staff to Congressman Kleczka, my immediate predecessor, where she worked for 20 years. Kathy Hein grew up in DePere, Wisconsin and graduated from the University of Wis-consin-Oshkosh. She worked for both Gov-ernor Pat Lucey and Governor Marty Schreiber. She continues her public service by serving as a member of the City of Milwaukee Fire and Police Commission, a member of the Sixteenth Street Community Health Center Board of Directors and serves as the Co-chair of my 4th Congressional District, Academy Nomination Board of Advisors. Kathy is espe-cially famous for her amazing desserts and she enjoys spending time with her loving hus-band of thirty-four years, Gordon Werner. Kathy is a true ‘‘public servant’’ and has al-ways fought for policies aimed at advancing equality of rights for all. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons I rise to pay tribute to an amazing woman, Kathy Hein, on her illustrious career. She is an asset to the 4th Congressional Dis-trict and has made a positive impact on all of Wisconsin. f 
CONGRATULATING THE ORGANIZA-TION OF KOREAN-AMERICAN WOMEN ON ITS 52ND ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Organization of Korean-American Women (OKAW) and congratulate it on the occasion of its 52nd Anniversary. While much has changed here in Northern Virginia over the last 50 years, the mission of the Organization of Korean-American Women has not, and it is more important than ever. The transition to a new country can be daunting as new customs and social mores, a different language, and a reduced network of supportive friends and family present real challenges to anyone moving to a new com-munity. The Organization of Korean-American Women has distinguished itself through its service in helping people adapt to their new home and to fully share in the benefits and opportunities that brought them to the United States. For 15 years, OKAW has been an active supporter of The House of Hope, which pro-vides temporary emergency shelter and sup-port services to women and children who are in immediate danger from domestic violence. No woman should have to live in fear simply because she does not know where to turn for help. The House of Hope provides these women with financial support, shelter, and legal assistance. It also helps them become self-sufficient and full participants in our Amer-ican society. OKAW would not be able to provide these crucial services without the contributions of in-dividuals, corporations, and foundations, how-ever its most priceless asset is the commit-ment of its staff and volunteers, who dedicate their time and energy to ensure the well-being of others. I am honored to submit the names of three of these individuals into the CONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD : Ms. Mija Perkins, President of the Organiza-tion of Korean-American Women. Ms. Perkins has been involved in OKAW for more than 35 years and has led the organization through its growth and expansion of programs and serv-ices. Mr. William Won-Kyun Hwang, President of the Washington Chapter of the National Unifi-cation Advisory Council (NUAC) for the Re-public of Korea. Mr. Hwang is an integral part of the Northern Virginia community and is a long-time supporter of OKAW. Mr. Sam Patton, who has volunteered his time for more than 10 years and assisted in a variety of capacities including serving as webmaster. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Organization of Ko-rean-American Women on its 52nd anniver-sary, and in thanking the staff, volunteers, and supporters for their contributions to our com-munity. Their commendable efforts and self-less dedication to improving the lives of others are truly worthy of our highest praise. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNIFER SMITH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jennifer Smith for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.018 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE489 April 15, 2016 
The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. Jennifer works as an Assurance Manager for Des Moines based McGowen, Hurst, Clark & Smith P.C. She is passionate about pro-viding her clients with sound advice and works hard to build strong business relationships with each of them. Jennifer is also tirelessly dedicated to serving her community. She vol-unteers her time and talents to organizations like the Bidwell Riverside Center, Hawthorn Hill, and Lead Like a Lady. Her commitment to serving others before herself is a true testa-ment to her character and her Iowa values. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Jennifer in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jennifer on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING WORLD HEMOPHILIA DAY 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April 17 as World Hemophilia Day, a day where the international community speaks as one to honor the hundreds of thou-sands of people across the globe suffering from hemophilia. Now, more than ever, we must renew our commitment to hemophilia pa-tients, ensure that they can receive the most advanced care known to modern medicine, and redouble our efforts to discovering new treatments—and ultimately a cure—for this dangerous condition. Hemophilia is a genetic disorder that pre-vents blood from clotting properly, making even seemingly slight injuries a terrifying pros-pect for a bleeding episode that can lead to serious injury and even death. While the dis-ease is rare in statistical terms, an estimated 400 newborns are diagnosed with the disease every year, and approximately 20,000 hemo-philiacs live in the United States at this very moment. And all too often, this vulnerable pa-tient population is put into jeopardy by the fi-nancial hurdles obstructing access to the in-tensive care needed for combatting such a pervasive disease. Even with the protections put into place by the Affordable Care Act, too many American families are faced with the daunting challenge of tackling the financial burden of hemo-philia—a burden that can grow to a quarter of a million dollars per year—alone. This World Hemophilia Day, I stand to speak out on be-half of the patients battling this complicated disease and hope that by raising awareness in this body, we move closer to a day where the treatment of hemophilia is practical, sustain-able, and accessible for all Americans. HONORING THE 2015 NORTHERN VIRGINIA LEADERSHIP AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 2015 recipients of the Northern Vir-ginia Leadership Awards presented by Leader-ship Fairfax. Leadership Fairfax is a nonprofit corporation dedicated to finding, training, and growing leaders in Northern Virginia. The mission of Leadership Fairfax is to educate, prepare, in-spire, and connect leaders to serve and strengthen our community. Graduates from its programs become part of a fast-growing net-work of civic leaders. I’ve always said, ‘‘When you walk into a crowded room, it’s easy to spot the graduates of Leadership Fairfax— they just stand out!’’ Leadership Fairfax alumni and the general public submitted nominations for the 19th an-nual Northern Virginia Leadership Award, and a panel of community and business leaders made the final selections. It is my honor to submit the following names of the 2015 North-ern Virginia Leadership Awards recipients: The recipient of the 2015 Trustee Leader-ship Award is Dr. Charles Thomas, Jr. in rec-ognition of his work as Project Leader at LMI. Thanks to Dr. Thomas’ leadership, LMI’s com-mitment to community outreach manifests itself in many ways. Some of the programs the company supports include Children’s Hospital, the Wounded Warriors Project, the Fallen He-roes Project and Wreaths Across America. The recipient of the 2015 Nonprofit Leader-ship Award presented to an individual is Ms. Eileen Ellsworth, in recognition of her work with the Community Foundation of Northern Virginia. The Community Foundation for North-ern Virginia is a grant-making and endow-ment-building organization, working with do-nors across the region. Their research on key issues philanthropic investment inspires the Northern Virginia community to become more engaged in supporting the most pressing issues facing our neighbors in need. The recipient of the 2015 Nonprofit Leader-ship Award presented to an organization is The Child and Family Network Centers. The Child and Family Network Centers’ mission is to provide caring, high-quality, free education and related services to at-risk children and their families in their own neighborhoods in order to prepare them for success in school and life. The recipient of the 2015 Corporate Leader-ship Award is Helios HR. Helios has provided sustained support to many organizations with-in the Washington metro area. From winter coat drives, to providing pro bono resume writ-ing and interviewing skills workshops and mentoring members of future generations, He-lios is there for the community in innumerable ways. The recipient of the 2015 Educational Lead-ership Award is Mr. Jesse Kraft, in recognition of his work as Principal of Providence Elemen-tary School. Mr. Kraft began his educational career in 1996 after graduating from the Uni-versity of Pittsburgh. He is a National Board Certified Teacher, and he earned his Master’s degree from George Mason University. In 2010 he was recognized by FCPS with the Nancy F. Sprague Outstanding First Year Principal Award. The recipient of the 2015 Regional Leader-ship Award is Ms. Leila Gordon, in recognition of her work as Director of the Reston Commu-nity Center. Reston Community Center works to bring the community together through en-riching leisure time experiences that enhance the value of the community and improve local organizational effectiveness. Mr. Speaker, the contributions of these indi-viduals and organizations are one of the rea-sons why Fairfax is such a sought after com-munity in which to live and work, and this year’s honorees highlight the legacy of Lead-ership Fairfax in preparing our community’s fu-ture leaders to address the challenges we face. I ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating these honorees and thanking them for their service to Northern Virginia. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY TORIBIO 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Emily Toribio for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. Emily serves as the Corporate Outreach and Communications Coordinator at the Iowa- based Fareway Stores Inc. As the Corporate Outreach and Communications Coordinator, Emily highlights the benefits and tremendous impact of helping others through charitable do-nations each and every day. She brings her dedication to helping others into her personal life as well. Emily is a proud supporter and volunteer for the Junior League of Des Moines, Lead Like a Lady, and Variety—The Children’s Charity. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Emily in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Emily on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.021 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE490 April 15, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 146, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS—SUNGMIN CHO 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sungmin Cho from Katy, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Sungmin is one of eight high school honor students selected from the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas. These stu-dents were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a pro-gram for high school students to be recog-nized for their hard work in school and sup-ported to continually strive toward their aspira-tions of working in the medical field. The Na-tional Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Sungmin was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of his dedication to his academic success and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Sungmin and all of his hard work, and know he will make Katy proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sungmin for being accepted into the Na-tional Academy of Future Physicians and Med-ical Scientists. Keep up the great work. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE HOTLINE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the importance of the National Domestic Violence Hotline, and the critical work they do to save lives and provide support for victims of domestic violence. For nearly 20 years, the National Domestic Violence Hotline has been operating as a 24/7 lifeline for victims and survivors of do-mestic violence nationwide. In 1994, the Violence Against Women Act authorized the creation of the National Domes-tic Violence Hotline. On August 17, 1995 the Texas Council on Family Violence received a $1 million federal grant that established The Hotline. On February 21, 1996 the Hotline took its first call. The Hotline’s approximately 130 dedicated advocates receive almost 35,000 monthly con-tacts and have managed this high contact vol-ume while ensuring quality services. Marketed to millions through public out-reach, the Hotline has assembled a com-prehensive database with thousands of refer-ral resources, influenced policies and practices in victim services. The Hotline helps survivors see options for next steps and connects them to immediate sources of practical help. In 2007, the Hotline partnered with Liz Clai-borne Inc. to launch the ‘‘loveisrespect’’ which is a program aimed to mobilize parents, edu-cators, peers, and victims to raise awareness about healthy dating behaviors and unhealthy and abuse patterns in relationships. In addition to the availability of 24/7 phone, chat, and SMS text helplines designed to meet the specific needs of young adults, ‘‘loveisrespect’’ works to grow the next gen-eration of anti-violence advocates. Nationwide nearly 3 in 10 women and 1 in 10 men in the U.S. have experienced rape, physical violence and/or stalking by a partner and report a related impact on their func-tioning. In 2014, in Texas alone 132 women were killed as a result of domestic violence, along with 185,817 reports of family violence inci-dents, while there were 185,373 hotline calls answered. As the ranking member on the House Judi-ciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I know the importance of protecting victims of crime and providing the vital support they need. Mr. Speaker, I stand here as Mother, Wife, and Member of Congress to acknowledge the important work of those who staff the National Domestic Violence Hotline, they provide a comfort to those Americans who are in abu-sive relationships. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I am un-avoidably absent for today’s consideration of the No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act (H.R. 2666) as I am speaking at the funeral for Ms. Fannie Fitzgerald, a Civil Rights pioneer who helped integrate the Prince William County Public Schools in my district in the early 1960s. She was a coura-geous and inspiring woman, and I was proud to feature her first-hand recounting of that ex-perience the Northern Virginia Civil Rights Ar-chive project, which my office produced to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the Civil Rights Act. On the Yarmuth/Lujan/Pallone/Clarke Amendment, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ in sup-port of preserving the FCC’s authority to re-quire broadcasters provide their public inspec-tion files in an online, searchable format for public review. I also would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the McNerney Amendment to preserve the Commission’s authority to act in the public in-terest, convenience, and necessity. Finally, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on final passage as the scope of this bill extends far beyond its simple-sounding title. f 
RECOGNIZING MR. CHARLES SKIPPER 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Charles Skipper for his 30 years of dedication and hard work for Glynn County Schools. One of his most passionate endeavors, Mr. Skipper coached the Brunswick High School baseball team for 28 years, 5 of them as head coach. Brunswick High Baseball won 314 games during the time he was on the coach-ing staff for a win percentage of 60 percent. In total, Coach Skipper coached Brunswick High School in 12 playoff appearances, including sub-region championships in 2004 and 2007. He was named to be a coach on the Georgia Dugout Club All-State team in 2007 and 2011 and has received the Quarter Century Award for service to the game of baseball by the American Baseball Coaches Association. In the course of 30 years, Coach Skipper’s dedication to the Glynn County School system also included coaching football and teaching Physical Education as well as health and fit-ness courses. After many years of impacting young lives, Coach Skipper is retiring. I rise today to thank him for his work with the Glynn County school system, thank him for the lives that he shaped, and to congratulate him on his coach-ing successes. 
f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS—HAYLEY WISNIESKI 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Hayley Wisnieski from Richmond, TX for being accepted into the National Acad-emy of Future Physicians and Medical Sci-entists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Hayley attends William B. Travis High School and is one of eight high school honor students selected from the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas. These stu-dents were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders, a pro-gram for high school students to be recog-nized for their hard work in school and sup-ported to continually strive toward their aspira-tions of working in the medical field. The Na-tional Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Hayley was selected by a group of educators to be a delegate for the Congress because of her dedication to her academic success and goals of pursuing a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.024 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE491 April 15, 2016 
medical science. We are proud of Hayley and all of her hard work, and know she will make Richmond proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Hayley for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TOM BOWERS 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks in recognition of Tom Bowers, Com-monwealth Attorney for Salem, Virginia, who today in a formal awards ceremony at Federal Bureau of Investigation Headquarters is re-ceiving the Richmond FBI’s 2015 Director’s Community Leadership Award for his efforts to organize a Heroin Prevention Initiative in the Roanoke, Virginia area. According to the Washington Post, in the first three quarters of last year, 244 people in Virginia died of heroin overdoses. This is an increase from 239 deaths the year prior. More locally, in a study by the Roanoke Area Youth Substance Abuse Coalition of middle and high school students, one in 14 students admitted to using heroin. Regrettably, the growing epidemic of heroin use is a plague on communities throughout the United States. Addressing this nationwide problem will require expanded coordination and involvement by local, state, and federal governments as well as law enforcement agencies and health care professionals. I applaud Commonwealth Attorney Bowers and those working with him on the Heroin Pre-vention Initiative for their efforts to combat the heroin epidemic by bringing awareness to the pervasiveness of prescription drug and heroin use among youth in the Roanoke area and helping to alleviate damage to our community. Others involved in this initiative include the Roanoke Area Youth Substance Abuse Coali-tion, the Prevention Council of Roanoke Coun-ty, the Virginia State Police, the City of Roa-noke Police Department, the Vinton Police De-partment, and the Roanoke County Police De-partment. Congratulations to Commonwealth Attorney Bowers on being presented the Richmond FBI’s 2015 Director’s Community Leadership Award. I commend him and others on the front line of the ongoing fight against heroin and prescription drug abuse in our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CORY SCOTT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cory Scott for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. Cory serves as a Partner and Urban Plan-ner at RDG Planning and Design in their Des Moines location. He has committed himself to providing his clients with expert planning and urban development advice for cities all across the Midwest. Cory’s passion for enacting change within communities is truly inspiring. His commitment to his professional life is par-alleled by his commitment to his community. Cory is a supporter of the Iowa Bicycle Coali-tion and the Des Moines Bicycle Collective, working to create an environment where bicy-cle and pedestrian transportation is always part of the discussion in urban development. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Cory in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Cory on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JANE BAILEY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jane Bailey for her twenty nine years of service and advocacy with the Michi-gan Association of Justice (MAJ) and her life-time of commitment to civil rights, equality and fairness. A native of Adrian, Michigan, Jane attended Eastern Michigan University, where she ma-jored in Mathematics and General Business. After her undergraduate studies, Jane went to law school at the John Marshall Law School in Chicago, where she graduated in 1977 and subsequently passed the bar. Later on in her academic career, Jane pursued Doctoral stud-ies in Marketing at Michigan State University and continued on her path of learning. After spending two years as a practicing at-torney in Chicago, Jane began a career as an educator. She worked as a teacher and in-structor for nearly a decade, first at Augustana College in Illinois, and later at the Florida Insti-tute of Technology, Michigan State University, and the General Motors Institute. In addition to her teaching career, Jane spent time in the private sector in marketing, and in 1987 began her distinguished career at the MAJ in Lan-sing. She immediately had a powerful impact developing coalitions throughout the state of Michigan and building the membership of the MAJ. In 1988, Jane was asked to serve as the Legislative Counsel, where she began to de-velop deeper and more meaningful relation-ships with legislators and worked to closely track legislation in Lansing. As a testament to her impact, in 1990, Jane was named as the Executive Director of the MAJ, a position she has served in for the past twenty seven years. As the Executive Director of the MAJ, Jane provided the leadership and vision necessary to grow the organization into one of the top advocacy organizations in Lansing. Her steady leadership has led the organization to be an effective voice for those who need a cham-pion. Jane is responsible for implementing a wide variety of programs, building a large and successful voluntary board and broadening re-lationships with legislators on both sides of the aisle through active participation from its mem-bership. Jane’s leadership was acknowledged in 1996 when she was elected President of the Michigan Association of Bar Executives, and in 2001, when she was elected as the President of the National Association of Trial Lawyer Executives. As a testament to the or-ganization that she worked so hard to build, in 2011, Jane was honored with the MAJ’s Champion of Justice award, the highest award that the organization confers. Jane’s work has helped to ensure that all people—individuals, families, patients and consumers—can seek justice in our third branch of government, the courts. She has been a voice for those that are injured and have nowhere else to turn. She has helped to ensure that we fight for and preserve a bal-anced civil justice system and to advocate for tough laws to hold industries and corporations accountable when they withhold information that can harm or kill. Our environment is cleaner, our medicine is better and our cars are safer because of her leadership of fighting for every person in America to have a path to justice. Jane has also been a voice for con-sistent public education and research to pro-mote informed public dialogue on, and under-standing of and appreciation for, the civil jus-tice system. In addition to her professional work, Jane has been a staunch supporter and advocate for civil rights, equality, and justice in all of her efforts. She has supported a wide variety of LGBT, environmental, and women’s rights or-ganizations. Jane has gone above and beyond in the community helping to establish the Mark Weiss Memorial Scholarship at Wayne State University, which is given to an aspiring law student each year who is committed to prac-ticing law in the public interest. She also worked to start the Heads-Up for Safety event which has been dedicated to giving out bike helmets to children in Lansing, keeping more of our children safe. Jane’s contributions both professionally and personally have been com-mendable, and while I know she is looking to enjoy her retirement, it is my sincere hope that she will continue to share of her time and tal-ents into the future. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Jane Bailey for her service to our community. I thank her for her leadership and wish her many years of happiness in her retirement. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JOSHUA MOLINE 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor United States Marine Corps veteran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.028 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE492 April 15, 2016 
Joshua Moline of Woodbury Heights, New Jer-sey for his exemplary service to the citizens of New Jersey and the United States. Joshua was born and raised in Woodbury Heights, and attended Gateway High School, where he was a 4-year varsity athlete, broke the state and school pole vault record, and was later inducted into the Gateway High School Hall of Fame in 2012. After graduating in June 2000, he enlisted in the Marine Corps. During his time in the Marines, he served aboard the USS Iwo Jima, was deployed to combat operations in Mosul, delivered humani-tarian aid in Liberia, and participated in anti- terrorism operations in Djibouti. After returning to civilian life in 2004, Joshua became a member of VFW Post 5579 and has earned the All State Post Commander Award, All State Quartermaster Award, and is a mem-ber of the Semper Fidelis Marine Corps League. Moreover, he continues his selfless community service by helping veterans and their families throughout Gloucester County. Mr. Speaker, Joshua Moline is a great American who exemplifies true love for our country. His commitment to protecting and serving our community both as a member of the Marine Corps and as a veteran is an inspi-ration. I join with my community and all of New Jersey in honoring the achievements and selfless service of this truly exceptional young man. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CATHERINE SWOBODA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Catherine Swoboda for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. Catherine serves as the Director of Planning at the Des Moines based World Food Prize Organization. Through her work, Catherine is able to motivate the next generation of young people to fight hunger and give back to the people who need it most. She is tirelessly dedicated to educating others about the sheer number of people who go hungry each and every day. Not only does Catherine help oth-ers in her professional life, but she is also committed to using her time outside of work to help refugees fight through the issues they en-counter when beginning a new life and acclimating to a new culture. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Catherine in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Catherine on receiv-ing this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. f 
NATIONAL EQUAL PAY DAY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the importance of Equal Pay Day. As a co-chair of the Congressional Caucus for Women’s Issues Task Force on Women of Color, I have always believed that equal pay should be a universal right for all citizens re-gardless of gender. Equal Pay Day is a time to reflect and renew our shared dedication and responsibility to eliminate pay inequalities in the workforce. Equal Pay Day is the date in the current year that represents the extra days a typical woman working full-time would have to work just to make the same as a typical man did in the previous year. Women in America still earn an average of 78 cents to a man’s dollar, even after having attained the same level of experience and education. For women of color: 60 cents on the dollar for the typical Black woman. 55 cents on the dollar for the typical His-panic woman. The gender pay gap in the United States is among the largest of many industrialized na-tions. On average there’s a yearly pay gap of $11,084. At this rate, the wage gap will not close completely for another 40 years; costing women anywhere from $400,000 to $2 million over a lifetime in lost wages. Women make up nearly half of our work-force, therefore this disparity impacts us all. The wage gap not only disadvantages women who worked just as hard to earn less, it also hurts those families supported by wom-en’s incomes. Pay discrimination puts greater strain on families to cover costs like child care or health care, and it holds our economy back from achieving its full potential. The Paycheck Fairness Act is a common-sense measure that will bolster the ability of women to fight pay discrimination. This women’s Equity measure will: Require that employers seeking to justify unequal pay bear the burden of proving that its actions are job-related and consistent with a business necessity. Prohibit employers from retaliating against employees who share salary information with their co-workers. Put gender-based discrimination sanctions on equal footing with other forms of wage dis-crimination—such as race, disability or age— by allowing women to sue for compensatory and punitive damages. Require the Department of Labor to en-hance outreach and training efforts to work with employers in order to eliminate pay dis-parities. Require the Department of Labor to con-tinue to collect and disseminate wage informa-tion based on gender. Create a new grant program to help strengthen the negotiation skills of girls and women. This Equal Pay Day, we celebrate the Pay-check Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, Equal Pay Day restores the American promise, an idea that with hard work, anyone can reach their dreams and know no limits but the scope of their aspira-tions. I believe in equal pay for equal work, and we need to rededicate ourselves to building a future in which women are paid based on their merits. 
f 
MARLEE ZEIN SERVES UP TOWARD SUCCESS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Marlee Zein of Sugar Land, Texas for being selected to the United States Tennis Association (USTA) Junior Leadership Team. Marlee is currently a sophomore at Dulles High School and is 1 of only 30 tennis players from across the United States to be selected to the USTA Junior Leadership Team. The USTA acknowledges tennis players who ex-emplify admirable qualities such as leadership and good sportsmanship, both while playing tennis and in day to day activities. Members selected to the USTA contribute to their com-munity as a whole, and do so with outstanding character. Marlee is not only part of the USTA team, but also ranked the number four player in the state of Texas and number nine in the country for the end of the 2015 year; what an accomplished young woman. In addition to an impressive list of awards, she also volunteers at a community Sudanese group. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Marlee Zein for being selected as a USTA Junior Leadership Team member. We can’t wait to see what she does next. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETHANY WILCOXON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Bethany Wilcoxon for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.032 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE493 April 15, 2016 
The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As the Capitol Crossroads Director at the Greater Des Moines Partnership, Bethany works hard on a daily basis to move Des Moines forward as an innovative community where you can live, work and build a family. It is because of Iowans like her that Des Moines continues to be one of the greatest places to live in the entire country. Her pas-sion for growing the community also applies to her civic life. Most recently, Bethany has been involved with the Jester Park Nature Center Campaign Leadership Team, the Tomorrow Plan, Urban Ambassadors, and the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society’s Central Iowa Man & Woman of the Year campaign. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Bethany in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Bethany on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS ON BREAKING NBA REGULAR-SEASON WINS RECORD 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, together with Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE, Democratic Leader N
ANCY PELOSI , Congress-woman A
NNA ESHOO , Congressman S AM F
ARR, Congressman M ICHAEL HONDA , Con- gresswoman Z
OE LOFGREN , Congressman J
ERRY MCNERNEY , Congressman M ARK D
ESAULNIER , Congresswoman J ACKIE SPEIER , and Congressman M
IKE THOMPSON , I rise today to congratulate the Golden State War-riors on breaking the National Basketball As-sociation (NBA) regular-season wins record on Wednesday. With the whole world watching, the Warriors’ 73rd victory broke the Chicago Bulls’ record that stood for twenty years. This achievement is a prime example showing the Warriors’ re-silience, ‘‘Strength in Numbers,’’ and status as among the best teams ever. This incredible journey began with the best start to a season, with 24 wins in a row, and ended with 39 wins and just 2 losses at home at Oracle Arena. We are so proud to represent the Golden State Warriors in Congress as well as the best fans in the NBA, #DubNation. Throughout this season, the Warriors have been a thrill to watch. They have truly re-invented the game of basketball. But, it is not just their skills that shine. Both on and off the court, they have shown the power of hard work and unity. Time after time, the Warriors have proven their love for our community and served as powerful role models. We are so honored to have these incredible athletes and men in our community. Thank you to owner Joe Lacob, president Rick Welts, head coach Steve Kerr, interim head coach Luke Walton, Steph Curry, Klay Thompson, Draymond Green, Harrison Barnes, Andrew Bogut, Andre Iguodala, and all of the talented players, coaches, and staff who made this record possible. We look forward to our Warriors bringing home the Larry O’Brien Trophy once again this summer. Go Warriors, and Go Dub Na-tion. f 
HONORING DANIEL ALAN ZIEGLER, JR. 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, today, I honor a young family in mourning. Rae-Lynn Ziegler and Dan Ziegler are Cap-itol Hill veterans that have worked for Mem-bers of the U.S. House of Representatives. In fact, Rae-Lynn was an integral member of my team in Washington D.C.; she aided in setting up our office and served the constituents of the 17th Congressional District of Texas for nearly three years. On March 23, 2016, Rae-Lynn and Dan wel-comed their first-born son, Daniel Alan Ziegler, Jr. into the world. Prior to his birth, Daniel Jr. was diagnosed with a life threatening condi-tion—Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia—and his family knew his life would be challenging and require much specialized medical care and attention. Despite these challenges, he was born into an immediate and extended family full of hope, support, prayers and love. Unfortunately, his time on this earth was lim-ited as he passed away on March 29, 2016. During his short time with us, Daniel Jr., touched many lives and was loved deeply by family and friends. His life was a brief gift to us and there is no doubt that Daniel Jr. had some of the strongest, most loving parents and supporters. Throughout this entire process, Rae-Lynn and Dan exhibited tremendous strength and were steadfast in their faith in God. Their un-wavering commitment to Christ, along with the support of their loving families and friends, will help them get through this difficult time. Rae- Lynn, Dan, and Daniel Jr. will continue to be in our prayers. Psalm 34:18 reminds us that ‘‘The LORD is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.’’ In a nutshell, God has taken Daniel Jr. into his loving arms and is healing the broken hearts of his family. Mr. Speaker, today, we honor and remem-ber the life of Daniel Alan Ziegler, Jr. While his life was short, he will live on in the memories of many and has left an indelible mark on the lives of his loving parents. May God bless Daniel Alan Ziegler, Jr. and his family. As I close, I ask all Americans continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. MARINE AND NCO OF THE QUAR-TER ANNOUNCED AT MCLB BAR-STOW HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize two outstanding Marines who were re-cently selected as the Marine and Non-commissioned Officer of the Quarter at Marine Corps Logistics Base Barstow. Lance Corporal Cristina Zamora was named the Marine of the Quarter. Lance Corporal Zamora, a native of Los Angeles, enlisted in the Marine Corps in 2014 and currently serves as a postal clerk. This past summer, she par-ticipated in and won the High Intensity Tactical Training Competition at Marine Corps Logis-tics Base Barstow. Lance Corporal Zamora then went on to participate against winners from other Marine Corps installations and fin-ished in the top 10 overall. She certainly earned the title of Marine of the Quarter. There are many of you here today who haven’t served in the Armed Forces, but it’s important to know that noncommissioned offi-cers are the backbone of our military. I’m proud to announce that Corporal Natori Miller was named the Noncommissioned Officer of the Quarter at Marine Corps Logistics Base Barstow. Corporal Miller enlisted in the Marine Corps in 2011 and has taken full advantage of the educational and leadership opportunities at her disposal. She has participated and ex-celled in the Military Academic Skills Program, and she serves as president of the Single Ma-rines Program at Marine Corps Logistics Base Barstow. Corporal Miller is truly a leader of Marines in every sense of the word. Again, congratulations to Lance Corporal Zamora and Corporal Miller for their dedication to the United States Marine Corps and the United States of America. Semper Fi, Devil Dogs. 
f 
COMPUTER SCIENCE BY PAOLA OBISPO 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Paola Obispo attends Manvel High School in Manvel, Texas. The essay topic is: com-puter science. 
The future of our country rests on the ac-tions we take now to secure a spot at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.036 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE494 April 15, 2016 
helm of innovation, with regards to tech-nology. Technology, more specifically com-puter science, is growing in relevance world-wide and we would be foolish to ignore it. The importance of computer science is sec-ond to none as it is vital to our security, for-eign and domestic, as well as vital to safe-guarding our economic prosperity. The power of computer science is so great that it enables anyone with a computer ac-cess to power. Knowledge in computer science is what allowed North Korea, a coun-try with relatively low resources, to orches-trate a successful cyber attack against a U.S. corporation. Furthermore, at home, or-dinary citizens and businesses are experi-encing the sting of sub par computer science education, as they are falling victim to cyber breaches. On the other hand, our country can benefit tremendously economically by supporting computer science education. The fact that knowledge of computers can lead to reward-ing careers is evident on a large scale to the success of people like Bill Gates, Larry Page, Sergey Brin, and Mark Zuckerberg. Further-more, it is expected that around ‘‘[h]alf a million new jobs over the next decade will require computer-science know-how.’’ Plans to encourage computer science have been started by the Obama administration. Whether, the move to increase the budget will be effective or not is yet to be decided. However, the awareness President Obama brought to computer science during his last state of the union address is still note-worthy, although probably not enough. The neglect we have given computer science courses cannot continue, if we hope to maintain our place as a superpower. As evidence of this neglect only ‘‘4,310 out of the roughly 37,000 high schools in the nation in 2015’’ offer Advanced Placement computer science. Fortunately for me, my school is one of those schools that offer AP computer science and I have been able to benefit from a computer science education. My only re-gret is to not have been versed in computer science education earlier in my K–12 edu-cation. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,221,297,840,432.89. We’ve added $8,594,420,791,519.81 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANGELA TEN CLAY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Angela Ten Clay for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. Angela serves as a Communications Man-ager at Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield. She works hard on a daily basis to provide her clients with the expertise and advice that they need to be successful. Angela also brings that work ethic to her civic life. She is involved in a number of community organizations includ-ing: Big Brothers Big Sisters of Central Iowa, Solidarity Microfinance, and a local committee that helped raise $60,000 for a Des Moines family who were victims of a violent crime. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Angela in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. Task that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Angela on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. f 
HONORING 10TH DISTRICT APP CHALLENGE WINNERS 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sam Abdallah and Lucas Sacherer of Lake Forest, Illinois. Sam and Lucas, rep-resenting Lake Forest High School, are the 10th District’s selection for this year’s Con-gressional App Challenge. The Congressional App Challenge seeks to foster an interest in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics by challenging high school students to develop and code applications that can provide us with real solutions. Their project, an application they call Greenlight, seeks to use technology to ad-dress problems faced in classrooms across America. Its primary purpose is to track the progress and understanding of students over the course of a class period, while also pro-viding a judgment free and anonymous forum for students to ask questions. Sam and Lucas represent some of the best their generation has to offer us. Both were named Illinois State Scholars and their aca-demic record is nothing if not impressive. I am proud to recognize them for their hard work and success as winners of the Congressional App Challenge. FALLS CHURCH NEWS-PRESS HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ac-knowledge a bedrock community institution in my district, the Falls Church News-Press. The Falls Church News-Press just cele-brated the 25th anniversary of the publication of its first issue. Led by founder and publisher Nick Benton, the paper has established itself as a fixture in the region over the course of the last quarter century, covering the things that mattered most to the members of this community. Founder and publisher Nick Ben-ton’s hard work has kept the paper running through good times and bad for the print jour-nalism industry, and is a testament to the value of fostering civil discussion on the local level. It all started in 1991 when Mr. Benton pre-sented a plan for a local paper to the Falls Church Chamber of Commerce; initially, 130 businesses pledged their support to the peri-odical, which has maintained its strong ties to the community with a free circulation of 10,000 copies. In today’s journalistic world where major media outlets have ever increasing gaps in local news coverage the Falls Church News- Press, with Mr. Benton at the helm, has filled those gaps many times over. The Falls Church News-Press has been awarded the City of Falls Church Business of the Year, and the city’s Business Contribution to the Community award. As an active partner in community affairs, sponsoring an annual food drive, an annual scholarship for high school seniors, a citywide holiday party, and other events and activities, the Falls Church News-Press manages do more than just in-form the people of my district: it helps support them. I commend the Falls Church News-Press and its staff on the occasion or the news-paper’s 25th anniversary. They deserve the greatest degree of credit for helping create our own Falls Church sense of community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO M ACDILL AIR FORCE BASE 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to MacDill Air Force Base on its up-coming 75th anniversary. Located in Tampa, Florida, MacDill has played a crucial role over the past 75 years in extending the global reach of U.S. air power through air refueling and airlift operations, and is currently home to the 6th Air Mobility Wing and 39 Mission Teammates, including U.S. Central Command and U.S. Special Operations Command. Officially activated on April 16, 1941, MacDill trained World War II airmen to fly and operate bombers, including the B–17 Flying Fortress and the B–26 Marauder. Throughout the Second World War, MacDill saw thou-sands of servicemen train to lead the force in the dangerous skies over Europe. From start 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.040 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE495 April 15, 2016 
to finish, MacDill played a critical role in our country’s great military achievement. After World War II, the bombers gave way to fighters, when MacDill became a Tactical Air Command. The turmoil in the 1960’s again highlighted the strategic importance of MacDill’s location. Throughout the Vietnam War and up until the first Gulf War in 1991, MacDill was home to the F–4 Phantoms and later F–16 Fighting Falcons. Between 1979 and 1993, about half of all F–16 fighter pilots trained at MacDill Air Force Base. In addition to its key role in preserving our country’s national security, the Base also serves as an important economic driver in the region and the state of Florida. With over 13,000 military and civilian personnel on MacDill and approximately 170,000 military re-tirees calling the Tampa area home, MacDill has been found to inject $14 billion a year into the regional economy. MacDill is vital to the Tampa Bay region’s economic well-being. MacDill’s strategic location in Tampa has encouraged its growth and expansion, and serves as a testament to our nation’s military might and Tampa’s dedication to supporting the brave men and women of the Armed Serv-ices. I am honored to support MacDill Air Force Base’s mission in Congress and am proud of the critical role our hometown plays in protecting our nation and her people. 
f 
HONORING THE GAY AND LESBIAN ACTIVISTS ALLIANCE OF WASH-INGTON, D.C. 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the 45th anniversary of the Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance (GLAA) of Washington, DC, a valued organization that has long been a local leader in the struggle for equal rights for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community. Since its founding in April 1971, GLAA has been a respected and tireless advocate for full and equal rights for the District of Columbia, and has been at the forefront of efforts to strengthen enforcement of the landmark D.C. Human Rights Act of 1977. One of GLAA’s most significant achievements, on which it worked with coalition partners, D.C. elected of-ficials, and District residents, was enactment of the District of Columbia Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Equality Amendment Act, which permits same-sex couples to marry in the District of Columbia. GLAA has stoutly defended the District’s comprehensive human rights law; has been an outspoken advocate for LGBT youth and sen-iors; has stood up for the rights of LGBT con-sumers; has upheld the rights of transgender people, including equal treatment by police and access to culturally competent healthcare; has educated and rated local candidates on LGBT issues; and has built and nurtured coali-tions with other constituencies to advance these causes and defend the District’s auton-omy. At GLAA’s 45th anniversary reception on April 21, 2016, the recipients of its 2016 Dis-tinguished Service Awards will be recognized, including: June Crenshaw serves as the chair of the Board of Rainbow Response Coalition. June is one of the original founders and continues to lead this all volunteer coalition. She is a board member and emeritus Chair of Whitman Walk-er Health. In addition, June is a Board of Gov-ernor of the Human Rights Campaign. June was the first African-American woman to co- chair HRC’s National Dinner. She was a long-standing member of the Advisory Board of the Mayor’s Office of LGBT Affairs. She also pre-viously served on the Community Advisory Board of Lesbian Services Programs and Black Lesbian Support Group. She volun-teered for over five years with Heartly House. Professionally, she is PMP certified and has worked over 19 years as a project manager. Mo´nica Palacio has served as Director of the D.C. Office of Human Rights since March 2014. In that capacity, she directed a six- month study in 2015 that revealed anti- transgender job bias at 48 percent of District employers. Mo´nica brings 20 years of experi-ence in civil rights, strengthening communities in crisis and coalition building for social justice. She previously directed the District’s Lan-guage Access Program, and served as a com-missioner on the D.C. Commission on Human Rights. She holds a J.D. from the Georgetown University Law Center and a B.A. from Ford-ham University. Mo´nica has lived in the Dis-trict for 25 years and was born in Bogota ´, Co- lombia. Sterling A. Washington served as director of the Mayor’s Office of LGBT Affairs for two years ending in January 2015. Prior to that he was Resource and Grant Development Man-ager for the Center for Black Equity; worked on grants, newsletters, and community rela-tions at Us Helping Us, People into Living, Inc.; and led the Bisexual, Lesbian and Gay Organization of Students at Howard. He has a bachelor’s degree in political science from The George Washington University and a bach-elor’s degree in music history from Howard University. He is a tenor soloist and section leader at National City Christian Church. I ask the House to join me in honoring the recipients of GLAA’s 2016 Distinguished Serv-ice Award and in celebrating GLAA’s 45 years of contributions to the LGBT community in the District of Columbia. 
f 
REMEMBERING SENATOR EUGENE M
CCARTHY IN HONOR OF HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Senator Eugene Joseph McCarthy, in celebration of his 100th birthday this month. A native of Watkins, Minnesota, Mr. McCarthy went on to proudly serve Minnesota in the U.S. House, representing Saint Paul and sur-rounding communities, the 4th Congressional District for 10 years and U.S. Senate for 12 years. Senator McCarthy graduated from St. John’s University on the shores of Lake Sagatagan in Collegeville, Minnesota in 1935. Before he ever ran for political office and em-barked on his storied career as a legislator, he was a passionate educator who taught in high schools, and later, at the university level. Be-yond being an educator, Mr. McCarthy also served his country admirably during World War II while working in the War Department’s Intelligence division as a codebreaker. In 1949 Mr. McCarthy was elected to the House of Representatives as a member of Minnesota’s Democratic Farm-Labor party. During his ten years in the House he was well known amongst his colleagues for his agree-able personality and, because of his wit, re-ceived the nickname ‘‘the Needle’’. He devel-oped a liberal voting record which he carried with him when he was elected to the Senate in 1958. While there, Senator McCarthy earned a national following for his outspoken criticism of the Vietnam War and of President Johnson’s policies in Southeast Asia. In 1967 he announced his candidacy for the 1968 Democratic presidential nomination. As a candidate, he possessed the ability to ener-gize and inspire legions of young voters, many of whom had become disillusioned with our democracy, and felt that their voices were no longer being heard. His impact on them was exemplified by the ‘‘Clean for Gene’’ move-ment that became popular among his sup-porters before the New Hampshire primary, where male supporters would shave their long hair, beards, and mustaches while cam-paigning for him. His supporters put their hopes and inspirations in him, and he did the same of them. Of his campaign he said ‘‘I am hopeful that this challenge may alleviate this sense of political helplessness and restore to many people a belief in the processes of American politics and of American govern-ment.’’ He ran for president not for the sake of his ego, but because of the unshakeable belief he had in the power and resilience of our de-mocracy. His time in public service changed public discourse and policy for the better and left a legacy of peacemaking in Minnesota and throughout our country that lasts to this day. Residents of Minnesota’s 4th Congressional District share special pride as the first voters to send Mr. McCarthy to Washington. He was a true American patriot who stood up for his beliefs as well as the interests of the constitu-ents he represented. It is an honor and privi-lege to represent the Congressional District that he served. Mr. Speaker, once again, I rise to honor Senator Eugene McCarthy and the legacy that he left on the political landscape both in his beloved home state of Minnesota, and across the country. f 
TRIBUTE TO NATHAN D. RITZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nathan D. Ritz for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.045 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE496 April 15, 2016 
are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As the Director of Regional Workforce De-velopment and Education at the Greater Des Moines Partnership, Nathan has a knack for proving why Des Moines is a great place to work, live, and entertain. His dedication to youth mentoring in his professional life is cer-tainly part of the reason he was selected for this award. Nathan is also tirelessly dedicated to his community and it shows through his work on the Iowa Asian Alliance. He has served on their board of directors for the last four years and continues to strive day in and day out to provide awareness of and edu-cation about the struggles faced by the com-munity. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Nathan in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Nathan on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ARIEL RIOS FEDERAL BUILDING 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Build-ing Act’’ which will name the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) headquarters in honor of its first special agent killed by hostile action. This bill will designate the federal building at 99 New York Avenue, NE Washington D.C. as the Ariel Rios Federal Building. Ariel Rios was a young ATF special agent murdered by drug traffickers in 1982 while assigned to then Vice President George Bush’s South Florida Drug Task Force. In 1985, Congress designated the ATF headquarters building at 1200 Pennsylvania Avenue as the Ariel Rios Memorial Federal Building. The designation honored both the personal sacrifice of Ariel Rios and served as an enduring reminder of the dangers that front line law enforcement officers willingly confront to keep the rest of us safe. For nearly 30 years, the original ATF headquarters building bore the name of Ariel Rios. In the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing, it was determined that a new, more secure ATF headquarters would be built and shortly thereafter, Congress approved the construc-tion of a new ATF headquarters at 99 New York Avenue NE. After the ATF vacated 1200 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, the building was repurposed as the headquarters for the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency (EPA). Congress renamed the EPA headquarters building as the William Jefferson Clinton Building, but the designation in honor of Ariel Rios was not transferred to the new ATF Headquarters building. This legislation seeks to rectify that omis-sion and is supported by six of the former Di-rectors of ATF who served between 1982 and 2015. This legislation is also supported by former President George H.W. Bush, the sur-viving family of Special Agent Ariel Rios and the ATF Association which is comprised of current and former ATF colleagues who work in support of the ATF mission. Naming the ATF headquarters after Ariel Rios is an important symbolic reminder of risks faced by ATF’s front line agents and their ongoing service to our country. As a former law enforcement officer, I believe this impor-tant recognition of Ariel Rios will serve as a tribute to every frontline law enforcement offi-cer past, present, and future. I urge all my col-leagues to join me in supporting this bill. f 
CELEBRATING THE 90TH ANNIVER-SARY OF TEXAS SOUTHMOST COLLEGE 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Texas Southmost College (TSC) as the institution marks 90 years of educating stu-dents and providing opportunity in the Rio Grande Valley. Located in Brownsville, Texas, Texas Southmost College was founded in 1926. It was initially known as The Junior College of the Lower Rio Grande Valley, and in 1931 the college changed its name to Brownsville Jun-ior College. It was not until 1949 that the name was changed to Texas Southmost Col-lege (TSC). TSC is located on the U.S.-Mex-ico border, near the Mexican town of Mata-moros, Tamaulipas, in the heart of downtown Brownsville. Texas Southmost College sits on the prop-erty once known as Fort Brown, a United States Army post that was active during the Mexican-American War and the U.S. Civil War. TSC occupies former buildings and structures of historic Fort Brown. In May 1991, the Texas Legislature author-ized the newly created University of Texas at Brownsville to enter into an agreement with Texas Southmost College to teach courses not offered at the college or university. This resulted in the creation of ‘‘The University of Texas at Brownsville-Texas Southmost Col-lege.’’ For more than 20 years, UTB and TSC operated simultaneously as one institution. For many years, Texas Southmost College has provided residents of Cameron, Hidalgo and Willacy counties with opportunities to pur-sue associate degrees, workforce training, and continuing education degrees and certificates. TSC is committed to enhancing student suc-cess and degree completion through motiva-tion, learning-centered, and service-oriented educational and skills training programs. The mission of Texas Southmost College is ‘‘Transforming our Communities through Inno-vative Learning Opportunities.’’ Texas Southmost College fulfills this mission by edu-cating our next generation of leaders in public service, science, teaching, medicine and other fields. Some of its notable alumni include Oscar Casares, author of Brownsville: Stories and Amigoland; Dr. Juliet V. Garcia, former president of UTB/TSC; Congresswoman GRACE NAPOLITANO of California; and Jaime Zapata, an Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment (ICE) agent killed in the line of duty while traveling from Mexico to the United States. In 2015, the White House Initiative on Edu-cational Excellence for Hispanics selected Texas Southmost College as a Bright Spot, highlighting its efforts to close the achieve-ment gap and expand access to quality higher education opportunities for first-generation His-panic college students. Texas Southmost College has made a last-ing, positive impact in our community, and they will continue to play a critical role in shaping our region’s future. I rise today to congratulate them on 90 successful years. 
f 
WORLD HEMOPHILIA DAY 
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April 17 as World Hemophilia Day and to bring awareness to Hemophilia, a genetic bleeding disorder that affects about 20,000 Americans. All races and ethnic groups are affected by this genetic disorder. In the United States, most people with hemophilia are diagnosed at a very young age. Based on CDC data, the median age at diagnosis is 36 months for people with mild hemophilia, 8 months for those with moderate hemophilia, and 1 month for those with severe hemophilia. And all too often, this vulnerable patient popu-lation is put into jeopardy by the financial hur-dles obstructing access to the intensive care needed for combatting such a pervasive dis-ease. According to the Hemophilia Foundation of Southern California, in that region alone an estimated 1,800 people are affected by Hemo-philia with 31 percent of those affected being Hispanic. Having a chronic disease, such as a bleed-ing disorder, often means spending much time and effort negotiating. Too many American families are faced with the daunting challenge of tackling the financial burden of hemo-philia—a burden that can grow to a quarter of a million dollars per year—alone. It is impor-tant to acknowledge the financial burden, make care and treatment more accessible to Americans with Hemophilia, and provide com-fort to those affected by the financial burden. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 125TH AN-NIVERSARY FOR THE UNIVER-SITY OF NORTH TEXAS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the University of North Texas (UNT) on their 125th anniversary. On September 16, 1890, Joshua C. Chilton established what was then known as the Texas Normal College and Teacher Training Institute in Denton, TX. Starting with only 70 students, UNT has risen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.048 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE497 April 15, 2016 
in the ranks of academia to become the larg-est university in the Dallas-Fort Worth area with a student population of over 37,000. Starting out as a small, private teacher’s college, an important milestone was reached in 1901 when the school became a publicly- funded educational institution. 1913 was a banner year with the opening of the first library and genesis of the sports program as well as student enrollment reaching 1,000 students. In the 1920’s, the music program became well- known with the introduction of the Aces of Collegeland band. This iconic moment still res-onates today as the School of Music has gained renown as the first in the world to offer a jazz studies degree and is one of the largest music institutions at the collegiate level in North America. During World War II, the campus became a training site and enrollment declined by half as the student body was called to service. In the decades to come, the institution grew in size and stature as it attained university status; be-came home to the Texas Academy of Math and Science; added the College of Engineer-ing at the Discovery Park campus; built the premier Murchison Performing Arts Center, Apogee Stadium and Union venues; launched the nation’s first comprehensive emergency management degree and just recently achieved recognition as a tier one research university. The University of North Texas has become a cornerstone educational institution and pow-erful economic generator for not only Denton, but also the entire north Texas region. As a proud UNT alumnus, I am pleased to join the students, faculty, staff, administration and community in celebrating the university’s quasquicentennial. In the years to come, UNT will continue to serve as a leader in higher education. It is an honor to serve the Univer-sity of North Texas in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. 
f 
MAJORITY RULE BY PAYTON SPRAGUE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight from across the political spectrum that sheds a light on the concerns of our younger con-stituents. Giving voice to their priorities will hopefully instill a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Payton Sprague attends Dawson High School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: majority rule. Majority rule is an important concept both in our political system and in our society. It allows for an orderly and practical deter-mination of the direction of our society by the majority, thereby avoiding the problems associated with a system that requires unan-imous support. Although it might sound ideal to have everyone united behind a single effort, law or action, this in reality would be impossible. Rarely would you find unani-mous support for any idea or law. Such a re-quirement would lead to an inability to func-tion as a society. If I were elected as a Congressperson, I would vote consistent with the majority views of my constituents. As a politician who is elected, by a majority vote, I would be compelled to vote consistent with inter-ests of the majority of my constituents, whenever possible. This may be the case even if I don’t agree entirely agree with their wishes. If ones goal is to be reelected, then they might believe that pleasing the major-ity is the easiest way to go. In contrast, if the goal of the congressman is to make a change in their community and country, then they would do what would end up being the best overall choice. The wishes of the majority should be met until they abridge the rights of remaining citizens. The people vote on the members of congress for a reason. By doing so they give the power to a single individual (congressperson) to make decisions on the course or vote that best benefits the whole constituency. But, the decisions or votes should ultimately be made by the congressperson because they are the most qualified person and the only individual that is likely to be aware of all of the implica-tions of the decision. Hopefully this knowl-edge will give the congressperson the ability to overcome any bias, sentiment or other shortcomings that the constituency may have in order to arrive at the decisions that are best for the group. Majority rule is not perfect because it ig-nores the needs of the minority, but it is likely the best compromise for a large soci-ety that would otherwise be stymied by inde-cision if unanimous rule was required. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on April 14, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On roll call numbers 145, 146, 148, and 149, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call number 147, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE 2015 ELLY DOYLE PARK SERVICE AWARDS RECIPI-ENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the honorees of the 2015 Elly Doyle Park Service Awards. These awards, spon-sored by the Fairfax County Park Authority Board in cooperation with the Fairfax County Park Foundation Board, recognize individuals and organizations for their extraordinary con-tributions to our environment and public park system. Fairfax County is regarded as one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a family, and our nationally- recognized park system has played a key role in that distinction. Our community has a strong commitment to promoting and preserving our environment, including our public parks and outdoor spaces. Each year thousands of vol-unteers donate their talents and time to pro-tect our natural and cultural resources and en-hance public educational and recreational services. The Elly Doyle Service Awards were estab-lished in 1988 in honor of former board mem-ber Ellamae Doyle’s many years of out-standing service. In addition, recipients also have been selected for the Eakin Philanthropy Award, named in honor of the family that do-nated the first parcels of parkland to the Park Authority more than 50 years ago, the Mayo Stuntz Cultural Stewardship, named in honor of a celebrated local historian and military vet-eran, the Sally Ormsby Environmental Stew-ardship Award, named in honor of a local champion of environmental education and pro-tection and a special recognition for Park Au-thority volunteers, who play an integral role in the agency’s success. This year also marks the debut of a new award, the Harold L. Strickland Partnership and Collaboration Award, named for the Sully District represent-ative on the Park Authority Board and recog-nizing the value of partnership and collabora-tion in providing state of the art facilities to a varied constituency. I congratulate each of the following recipients of these prestigious awards and proudly submit their names: 2015 Elly Doyle Park Service Award Recipi-ents: Friends of Accotink Creek, Friends of Huntley Meadows Park, Susan Voss. 2015 Outstanding Volunteer Recognition: David Fennel, Ken Kozloff, Pat McCormack, Ivy Sinaiko, John & Aaron Abalos-Green, Betty Holman, Gary Blasser, Janet and Rod-ney Smith, Jim Cudlip, Kat Dyer, Marian Ewell, Marilyn Connors, Mary Kay Claus, Monty Montgomery, Mila Weiss, Richard Duong, Songui ‘‘Chiraz’’ Sanwogou, Vivian Morgan-Mendez, Will MacDonald, Yadi Bermea. Student Honoree: Joshua Buontempo. 2015 Eakin Philanthropy Award: Tom D. Fleury, Lt. Col. (Ret.) Gary F. Smith Memorial Field, Suzan Syron-Singh. 2015 Mayo Stuntz Cultural Stewardship Award: Paula Esley. 2015 Sally Ormsby Environmental Steward-ship Award: The Science Education Team at Fairfax County Public Schools. 2015 Harold L. Strickland Partnership and Collaboration Award: Harold L. Strickland, Mi-chael R. Frey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.052 E15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D378 Friday, April 15, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, April 18, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4954–4973; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 87; H. Con. Res. 128; and H. Res. 684–685 were introduced.
                                                Pages H1764–65 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1766–67 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4240, to require an independent review of the operation and administration of the Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB) maintained by the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation and subsets of the TSDB, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–495); H.R. 4678, to prohibit modification, abrogation, abandonment, or other related actions with respect to United States jurisdiction and control over United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, with-out congressional action (H. Rept. 114–496); and H.R. 4974, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–497).
                                                                      Page H1764 
No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Ac-cess Act: The House passed H.R. 2666, to prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from regu-lating the rates charged for broadband Internet ac-cess service, by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 152.
                                          Pages H1741–54 
Point of order sustained against the Yarmuth mo-tion to recommit the bill to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amend-ment.
                                                                       Pages H1753–54 Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule. 
                                                                                            Page H1748 
Rejected: Yarmuth amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–490) that sought to clarify that nothing in H.R. 2666 would prevent the FCC from requiring that TV broadcast stations, AM or FM radio broad-cast stations, cable operators, direct broadcast sat-ellite service providers, or satellite digital audio radio service providers to upload the public inspection file in a format that is machine-readable, to the extent such station, operator, or provider is required to make material in its public inspection file available on, or upload such material to, an Internet website (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 150); and
                                  Pages H1749–50, H1751–52 
McNerney amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–490) that sought to state that nothing in H.R. 2666 shall affect the authority of the Commission to act in the public interest, convenience, and necessity (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 151).
                                                 Pages H1750, H1752–53 
H. Res. 672, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2666) was agreed to Wednesday, April 13th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, April 18th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H1763 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H1758. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP6.REC D15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D379 April 15, 2016 
Senate Referral: S. 1436 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H1758 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three recorded votes devel-oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1751–52, H1752, H1754. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:55 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EVALUATING DOD INVESTMENTS: CASE STUDIES IN AFGHANISTAN INITIATIVES AND U.S. WEAPONS SUSTAINMENT Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating DOD Investments: Case Studies in Af-ghanistan Initiatives and U.S. Weapons Sustainment’’. Testimony was heard from John Sopko, Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Re-construction; Jacqueline L. Wicecarver, Acting Dep-uty Inspector General for Auditing, Department of Defense; and Charlie Lilli, Deputy Director of Avia-tion and Head of Aviation Contracting Activity, De-partment of Defense, Defense Logistics Agency. UNLAWFUL REINSURANCE PAYMENTS: CMS DIVERTING $3.5 BILLION FROM TAXPAYERS TO PAY INSURANCE COMPANIES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Unlawful Reinsurance Payments: CMS Diverting $3.5 Billion from Taxpayers to Pay Insurance Com-panies’’. Testimony was heard from Andy Slavitt, Acting Administrator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. THE TAXPAYER ADVOCATE ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Taxpayer Advocate Annual Report to Congress’’. Testimony was heard from Nina Olson, National Taxpayer Advocate, Internal Rev-enue Service; and James Buttonow, Chairman, Elec-tronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee, In-ternal Revenue Service. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 18, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 4889, the ‘‘Kelsey Smith Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4167, the ‘‘Kari’s Law Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4884, the ‘‘Controlling the Un-checked and Reckless Ballooning of the Lifeline Fund Act (CURB Lifeline)’’; H.R. 4111, the ‘‘Rural Health Care Connectivity Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4190, the ‘‘Spectrum Challenge Prize Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3998, the ‘‘Securing Access to Networks in Disasters (SANDy) Act’’; and H.R. 2031, the ‘‘Anti-Swatting Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1206, the ‘‘No Hires for the Delinquent IRS Act’’, H.R. 3724, the ‘‘Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2015’’, H.R. 4885, the ‘‘IRS Oversight While Elimi-nating Spending (OWES) Act of 2016’’, H.R. 4890, to impose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and implements a comprehensive cus-tomer service strategy, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP6.REC D15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD380 April 15, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, April 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act (the legislative vehicle for the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration Reauthorization Act). At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, April 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va. E494 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E482, E485 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E480, E496 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E496 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E490 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E481 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E496 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E494 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E481, E482, E482, E484, E485, E487, E488, E489, E490, E497 Cook, Paul, Calif., E493 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E480 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E485 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E479 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E491 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E494 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E479 Flores, Bill, Tex., E493 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E491 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E489 Heck, Joseph J., Nev., E486 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E487, E490, E492 Jolly, David W., Fla., E494 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E480 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E495 Mica, John L., Fla., E483 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E488 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E491 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E495 Olson, Pete, Tex., E481, E483, E484, E486, E488, E490, E490, E492, E493, E497 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E487 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E483 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E479 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E479 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E490 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E481, E484 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E493 Tonko, Paul, N.Y., E497 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E496 Westmoreland, Lynn A., Ga., E480 Young, David, Iowa, E482, E484, E486, E488, E489, E491, E492, E492, E494, E495 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Apr 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15AP6.REC D15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST