Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H857 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2016 No. 29 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 24, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN J. D
UNCAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
BROAD AND DIVERSE SEGMENT OF VOTERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I am not here to give a political speech. This is not the right venue for that. But I would like to share some observations I have about visiting Nevada last week. The first observation is that among a broad and diverse segment of voters, there is a great deal of excitement about the political process. It almost doesn’t matter which candidate people prefer or even which party, there is so much enthusiasm to participate. In Nevada, the form of participation is the caucus, and it requires a greater time commitment than simply punch-ing a ballot at your local precinct. Yet, I witnessed thousands of people who were taking hours away from their jobs, at their own expense in many cases, to participate in that process. You can’t come away from that kind of activity and not be inspired that Americans are taking their right to vote, their opinions about who should be the next nominee of their party or the next President very seriously. It was really remarkable. Still, there were some people I spoke with who could not afford to take hours away from their jobs, some be-cause they couldn’t get permission and others because they simply could not afford to give up a couple of hours of wages, clock out to vote, even when it means not having your vote count. Las Vegas, where I was, is a 24/7 working city; and for many, Saturday is the busiest day of the week, espe-cially for tips. This election year, as we travel around our districts or campaign in other States, I hope my colleagues in both parties will really examine how local governments and States are fa-cilitating or disenfranchising Amer-ican citizens who are eligible to vote. In Nevada, participation in a caucus at a set time of the day with little or no flexibility serves almost like a poll tax for hourly workers. Voters have to weigh the power of their vote against dollars that would not be in their pock-ets if they exercise that vote. If you can vote, you should vote, and we should make sure that the laws of our Nation and our communities en-courage rather than discourage the participation of every citizen. Another striking observation I made over the weekend was the diversity of the American electorate: women and men, straight and gay, U.S.-born and naturalized, old and young, working class, retired, students, military, ex-ecutives. Nevada put on a display of how much progress our Nation has made in a few decades. I saw the energy and the determina-tion of young voters, new voters, newly 18, newly citizens, newly engaged in the political process. Everywhere I have traveled, including the high schools in my district in Illinois, I see 17- and 18-year-old Latinos anxious and eager to participate, and they are mo-tivated to register and vote and in-spired by their candidates and their parties. Today, tomorrow, and every day for decades about 2,000 U.S.-born Latino citizens of the United States will turn 18 and be eligible to vote. Every day, 2,000 of them turn 18, and they are eager to get involved. There is a similar energy in the peo-ple I meet who are applying for citizen-ship. There are over 8 million immi-grants with green cards who are eligi-ble to apply for citizenship right now. And with fee waivers for those with limited funds, many of them can apply for free. And they are applying in droves. This coming Saturday, I will be at a workshop in Denver, Colorado, for peo-ple learning about the process and ap-plying for citizenship. A coalition of groups led by the Na-tional Partnership for New Americans but also encompassing Mi Familia Vota, a range of labor unions, and ad-vocacy groups large and small across 30 States have invited me to participate in this nonpartisan activity to promote civic engagement and citizenship in immigrant communities across this country. Their goal is to help 1 million eligible immigrants become citizens so they can vote in primaries and general elections this year and make sure they are at America’s table. In communities like Denver and Chi-cago, there is a hunger for citizenship despite all the barriers, despite the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.000 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH858 February 24, 2016 
costs, and despite the anti-immigrant tone coming from our TVs and can-didates. In fact, it is the anti-immi-grant tone that people tell me over and over is what is motivating them to apply, study for the tests, and better their English. It is that energy that gives me great confidence in our Nation and in the di-rection our Nation is heading this year. Immigrants are a part of a growing American coalition of working class voters: women, straight people and LGBT, environmentalists, Latino, Asians, Black, White, old and young, Muslim and Christians, Jewish and ag-nostic. They are coming together and mobilizing. Together, even as some politicians push them away and try to divide up with suspicions of our fellow Ameri-cans, together, their diversity and dedication to democracy is a beautiful thing to witness. 
f 
AMERICA: LEARN FROM GREECE INSOLVENCY DAMAGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office data reveals that America’s fi-nancial condition has taken a sharp, ugly turn for the worse. America’s esti-mated 2016 deficit is $105 billion worse than 2015’s already dangerous $439 bil-lion deficit. America’s debt has blown through the $19 trillion mark and is projected to blow through the $29 trillion mark in a decade. America’s Comptroller General and CBO warn that America’s financial path is ‘‘unsustainable,’’ meaning America faces a debilitating insolvency unless we get our financial house in order. Mr. Speaker, those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. In that vein, America must learn from Greece, a country betrayed by decades of financially irresponsible leadership. In the past 5 years, Greece has repeatedly failed to meet its debt obligations and subsisted on three bail-outs from the European Union. The result? The Greek economy is in a shambles. Greece has a 52 percent labor participa-tion rate, 10 points worse than here in America. Greece’s unemployment rate was recently 25 percent, approximating America’s worse unemployment rate in the Great Depression. Worse yet, Greeks under the age of 25 suffer from a 48 percent unemployment rate. Financial irresponsibility ultimately forces draconian austerity spending cuts. Greece has cut public health care spending from 6.8 percent of GDP in 2010 to roughly 5 percent today, there-by risking Greek lives. Cancer screen-ing has been cut. HIV, tuberculosis, and malaria rates have surged as fewer Greeks receive proper treatment. The public pensions Greek elderly citizens rely on for survival have been cut an average of almost 50 percent since 2010 and are again on the chop-ping block. Greek tax rates are exploding. In-come taxes on farmers have doubled from 13 percent to 26 percent. Self-em-ployed professionals and farmers say proposed social security and income tax increases will combine to consume as much as 75 percent of their incomes. Greece’s banking system is on the brink. In the summer of 2015, pre-Euro-pean bailout, the Greek Government froze citizens’ bank accounts, limiting cash withdrawals from ATMs to $67 per day. Greeks could not even access their own money. Post-bailout and as Greeks began fearing their savings accounts would be confiscated to pay for government debt, as occurred in nearby Cyprus— yet another insolvent country—Greeks withdrew cash from banks. The run on banks caused the Greek Government to intervene and limit the right of Greek citizens to withdraw their own money, which caused citizens to cut deposits into Greek banks, which undermined the Greek banking system, which dried up the availability of loans for new business needed to cre-ate jobs in a rebounding economy. Violent demonstrations are result-ing. For example, on February 4, 2016, Athens, Greece, ABC News reported: ‘‘Riot police have used tear gas in clashes with protesters during a mass rally in Athens as Greeks dem-onstrated against government pension reforms needed to meet demands of international creditors.’’ Mr. Speaker, there is an old adage that ignorance is bliss. I don’t know about that, but I do know that igno-rance is dangerous. In 2009, Greece spent 3.2 percent of GDP on its national defense. Five years later, Greek defense spending was cut to 2.3 percent of GDP, a 28 percent cut. Now, perhaps the world will not suf-fer from Greece’s defense spending cuts, but what would be the effect on world peace if America’s defense spend-ing suffered a similar fate? Mr. Speaker, time is running out. Washington must balance the budget before America’s debt burden spirals out of control before it is too late to prevent the debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy that awaits us. I pray the American people will be good stewards of our Republic in 2016 and elect Washington officials who both understand the threat posed by deficits and debt and have the back-bone to fix it. Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, America’s future depends on it. 
f 
OPIOID ABUSE/MEDICAL MARIJUANA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last night Frontline on PBS had a com-pelling documentary on the opioid and heroin epidemic. We are now seeing politicians diving in. Governors across the country are sounding the alarm. It is being featured by Presidential can-didates in both parties. President Obama’s budget has some very good suggestions highlighting tools to reduce drug overuse, overdose, evidence-based prevention programs, prescription drug monitoring, and pre-scription take-back events. There are a variety of things that are going in the right direction. Yet, it is a little frustrating for me that the simplest, cheapest, safest so-lution to help these troubled people is not embraced: medical marijuana. Actually, the public is largely there. For the last 20 years, the tide has been building for medical marijuana, even as the crisis on opioids has slowly started to take hold. It began with voter approval in California in 1996 and in Oregon 2 years later. Now 23 States have legalized medical marijuana, and two-thirds of Americans live in States where at least some form of medical marijuana is authorized. There is a reason for this movement. A meta-analysis of 79 studies in The Journal of the American Medical Asso-ciation found solid evidence that med-ical marijuana is effective in treating chronic pain. There is no evidence of serious side effects among medical marijuana users who are actually less likely to drink alcohol or take other painkillers. And those States with medical marijuana actually have fewer overdose deaths. Isn’t this worth exploring? Especially when there is evidence that avail-ability of medical marijuana dispensaries is associated with a sig-nificant decrease in substance abuse admissions and a reduction in opioid overdose deaths. Recently, we have even had former NFL players come out and describe how they used medical marijuana to self-medicate rather than being shot up with painkillers by team doctors and being prescribed opioid pills. What is perhaps most frustrating for me is the wrong-headed approach that prohibits Veterans Administration doc-tors from even talking to their pa-tients about medical marijuana in the States where it is legal. That is ironic because the VA has its own veterans health crisis because their patients are dying from prescription overdoses at rates twice the national average. Opioid prescriptions by VA doctors have surged 270 percent over the last 12 years. They are prescribing signifi-cantly more opioids to patients suf-fering from PTSD and depression than other veterans, even though those are the patients most at risk of overdose and suicide. Nearly 1 million veterans who receive treatment for pain con-tinue to consume those pills beyond 90 days. It is clear that most veterans would probably be better off if we more fully utilized medical marijuana to treat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.002 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H859 February 24, 2016 
conditions of pain, depression, and PTSD. b1015 At the very least, we ought to allow the Veterans Administration doctors to work with their patients on this matter. That is why I will again be in-troducing my amendment that would make it clear that VA doctors in States where it is legal can work with their patients on medical marijuana. Since I first introduced this legisla-tion, I have watched growing support on the floor of the House for an amend-ment that would accomplish this. There has been interest in the Senate. Veterans groups are aware of this dis-crimination and the Veterans Adminis-tration’s sorry record when it comes to helping our veterans with these chron-ic conditions by using conventional painkillers that lead to addiction and death. Medical marijuana appears safer, ef-fective, and is a low-cost way to deal with chronic pain. Nobody dies from an overdose of medical marijuana. Let’s add this to our discussion, promote more effective research, and let VA doctors meet with their patients to talk about this as an alternative. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE RIGHTS OF THE WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PI-LOTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as the author of legislation that awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the Women Airforce Service Pilots, better known as the WASP, I rise in strong support of this bill, H.R. 4336, the Women Airforce Service Pilots Arling-ton Inurnment Restoration Act, pre-sented by the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. M
CSALLY ), my great friend and colleague. This legislation seeks to restore eligibility to these brave women pioneers for burial at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors. The WASP were the first women in U.S. history to fly our military air-craft. During World War II, a time of great global conflict, these courageous women volunteered to fly noncombat missions so that every available male pilot could be deployed in combat. The WASP served our Nation without hesitation and with no expectation of recognition or praise. More than 25,000 women applied for the program, but only 1,074 selected women earned their wings. Between the years 1942 and 1944, the WASP logged more than 60 million miles. With the exception of direct combat missions, the WASP flew the same aircraft as male pilots. Although they took the military oath, the WASP were not recognized as military personnel for their time in service. Their patriotic contributions went unrecognized for many decades. It wasn’t until 1977 that Congress granted them veteran status; and then in 2002, the Arlington National Cemetery de-cided to allow the WASP, among others listed as Active Duty designees, to re-ceive benefits consistent with the sta-tus that they had so rightfully earned. Unfortunately, last year, the Depart-ment of the Army rescinded this deci-sion and ruled that the WASP were in-eligible for burial at that site, citing a lack of space. This is simply unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. These women deserve to be treated honorably, and our military branch should allocate the necessary space to accommodate these coura-geous women who sacrificed so much for our country. We cannot just consider these women to be ineligible. These honorable women answered the call to serve dur-ing World War II. They did not turn their backs on the American people nor on their fellow servicemen. Their rights at Arlington National must be restored. We have to do this for the present and future generations to come. Today, women in our military fly every type of aircraft, from the F–15 to the space shuttle, and I know this be-cause my daughter-in-law, Lindsay Nelson Lehtinen, has flown combat missions both in Iraq and Afghanistan for the Marines. This opportunity was afforded to Lindsay thanks to the serv-ice of the Women Airforce Service Pi-lots. They were the trailblazers. They set the stage for women in the mili-tary. I have been fortunate enough to per-sonally meet some of these heroic women. As pictured in this poster, I presented south Florida WASP Ruth Shafer Fleisher and Frances Sargent with copies of the bill that I introduced and passed in Congress with the help of SUSAN DAVIS, and which was signed by the President, that honored the invalu-able contributions of these heroic fe-male pilots. We had this celebration at the Wings Over Miami Air Museum, which has served as the foundation for our community to learn more about veterans and aviators, including our proud WASP. Throughout my years in Congress, I have also had the pleasure of meeting other south Florida WASP, including Shirley Kruse, pictured here, Bee Haydu, and Helen Wyatt Snapp. Al-though Frances and Helen are no longer with us, they still live in our hearts and in our minds, and they are embedded in the rich history of our great Nation. Mr. Speaker, we need to do what is right for our valiant, patriotic women and their wonderful families. The House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs will bring up Congresswoman M
CSALLY ’s bill tomorrow, Thursday, during a markup. I encourage all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support and pass this important and necessary bill so that we can continue to honor these women pioneers. These women must receive the rec-ognition that they are due. We must give them back the right that they earned, to be buried at Arlington. Thank you very much to these brave patriots. f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of ef-forts to reauthorize child nutrition programs. Last year the House and the Senate worked together in a bipartisan fashion to reauthorize our elementary and sec-ondary education programs. I rise today to urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to carry forward that momentum to complete a much-needed review and renewal of Federal child nu-trition programs. In doing so, Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to employ similar goals and objectives: simplify, streamline, and empower State and local education agencies when reauthorizing these programs. In particular, this approach can ben-efit our students and families by find-ing a path forward to simplify and streamline existing Federal nutrition and meal requirements without sacri-ficing the beneficial dietary value that school meals bring to students’ daily lives. Much like we empowered our teachers to establish the curriculum and standards to best teach students they know so well, we likewise should empower those who know what our stu-dents will actually eat: the school pro-fessionals who work with the goal of making sure our children are able to enjoy healthy, nutritious meals. Likewise, we can use this oppor-tunity to continue efforts to ensure that our existing Federal nutrition programs are providing adequate and appropriate training to school profes-sionals, as well as the resources nec-essary to improve and enhance our school meal delivery system. Mr. Speaker, this opportunity will allow us to strengthen existing pro-grams that strive to get nutritious meals to children year-round, and at earlier ages. Existing programs like the Summer Food Service Program can be enhanced and made more efficient to make sure they effectively reach those children who are most in need of quality, healthy meals. We can collabo-rate with Head Start, afterschool, and early childhood programs to better en-gage them in existing Federal pro-grams that offer nutritious meals to young children most in need. We have a strong infrastructure in place to provide children and families with quality, healthy meals, and we have an excellent opportunity to im-prove these programs. I respectfully call on my colleagues on both sides of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.034 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH860 February 24, 2016 
the aisle to work together to accom-plish this effort before another school year comes to a close. 
LEVERAGING AND ENERGIZING AMERICA ’S 
APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS ACT  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Leveraging and Energizing America’s Apprenticeship Programs Act, legisla-tion that I have cosponsored. In the midst of a slow economic re-covery, one of the issues plaguing both our workforce and our job creators is a persistent mismatch of employer needs and employee skills. Right now, 10 mil-lion unemployed Americans are seek-ing work, while 4 million jobs remain unfilled. Fortunately, this problem can be solved with a bipartisan commit-ment to commonsense workforce devel-opment initiatives, as demonstrated by the Leveraging and Energizing Amer-ica’s Apprenticeship Programs bill. By promoting apprenticeship pro-grams, this legislation creates opportu-nities for highly motivated workers to earn a salary, while gaining the skills they need to succeed in high-demand fields. I am proud to say that employers in my congressional district in south-eastern Pennsylvania have already rec-ognized the value of apprenticeship programs by making hundreds of these opportunities available to those look-ing to build their job training and skills. I commend Congressman R
ODNEY  D
AVIS for his efforts on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE OLDER AMERICANS  
ACT 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of re-authorizing the Older Americans Act. The Older Americans Act provides so-cial and nutritional support to mem-bers of our senior population and their caregivers. Enacted in 1965, this legis-lation has improved health outcomes, independence, and quality of life by of-fering meal delivery, respite care, and other essential services to the most vulnerable members of our population. Reauthorization of this legislation gives Congress an opportunity to mod-ernize multipurpose senior centers; im-prove falls prevention and chronic dis-ease self-management training; strengthen laws to combat abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation; and support our local Area Agencies on Aging. Mr. Speaker, I offer my support to work with my colleagues to review and advance the legislation passed by the United States Senate last year, as it is an effort that will not only help pro-tect seniors across my district and the U.S., but will ensure that our existing Federal support programs are appro-priately tailored to meet the present- day needs of our senior citizens. 
f 
PENTAGON WASTEFULNESS IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I have been coming to the floor for weeks and months to complain about the waste of money and life in Afghanistan. In the last couple weeks, I had an opportunity to read two articles. The first is titled, ‘‘This is How the Pentagon Wasted $17 Billion in Afghanistan,’’ by Emily Leayman. I would like to quote a cou-ple of examples of the Pentagon’s waste that she describes in her article. The Pentagon spent ‘‘$8 billion for a failed drug war: Despite a 14-year ef-fort, Afghanistan now leads the world in heroin production.’’ The Pentagon also spent ‘‘$486 million for useless air-craft: Speaking of planes, 20 planes could not be flown, and most were sold for scrap . . . Legislators like Senators John McCain and James Lankford are fed up with the lack of accountability in spending.’’ Senators M
CCAINand L ANKFORD have joined me in bringing to the public’s attention the lack of accountability in Afghanistan. It is astounding, to say the least. Mr. Speaker, last month John Sopko, the Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, testified before the Senate Committee on Armed Services about a recent report he wrote on the waste in Afghanistan. In that report, he exposed that the Pentagon paid $6 million to buy nine male Italian goats—the reason they bought the goats from Italy was because they are blond in color—to send to western Af-ghanistan to set up a farm and try to boost the cashmere industry there in Afghanistan. Now, the Pentagon doesn’t even know where the goats are. And the sad thing is, as Mr. Sopko said to the Senate, ‘‘We don’t know where the goats are. They might have been eaten’’—$6 million. Mr. Speaker, Amer-ican people could do a lot with $6 mil-lion, I assure you. And they wouldn’t be spending $6 million for nine goats, that I am certain. The report that Mr. Sopko made ref-erence to is titled, ‘‘Report Cites Wast-ed Pentagon Money in Afghanistan.’’ Mr. Speaker, the waste goes on and on and on, and yet we in the House every year will send more and more money to Afghanistan. We have already been there 14 years. We are going to be there another 8 years because President Obama signed an agreement with Mr. Ghani to be there for 9 more years. We have already been there 1 year, and that means 8 more years. That is 22 years. b1030 General Campbell, who has been the leader in Afghanistan, but is leaving, says that we need more years to train the Afghans to have a security force. I guess we are going to be there 30 years. I will be dead and gone, for sure, by then. What a waste of life and money in Af-ghanistan. It is time for this Congress to meet its responsibility and put pres-sure on the administration and stop funding Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I have a poster here. The reason I bring this poster to the floor is to show the sad tragedy of war. There is a wife and a little girl. The husband and daddy is in a flag-draped casket. The reason I bring this matter to the floor is that I have signed over 11,000 letters to families and extended fami-lies who died in Afghanistan and Iraq. Last Sunday I signed one letter for an Army sergeant who died in Afghani-stan. Mr. Speaker, I thought: How sad. How sad it is for that family. It is just so sad. It doesn’t have to happen. We need to debate bringing our troops home from Afghanistan, and we need to debate stopping the funding for the war in Af-ghanistan. Mr. Speaker, before closing, I want to remind the House that this is the long-est war in the history of America. I don’t know who said it, but they said it right: Afghanistan is the graveyard of empires. I know there is going to be a head-stone that says that the empire known as America spent so much blood and money in Afghanistan. It is financially broke. We are $19.1 trillion in debt right now. Let’s bring our troops out of Afghani-stan. Let them fight the civil war themselves and decide what they want for Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I ask God to please bless our men and women in uniform, bless the families of our men in uni-form. And, God, please continue to bless America. 
f 
STOP ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about an important congres-sional reform initiative that I have in-troduced in this body. I have had the opportunity to study Congress from virtually every angle. I graduated from college as a young in-tern who drove up here having never been north of Tennessee. As my prede-cessor said and I shared: I never thought I would meet a Member of Congress, much less have the great op-portunity and honor to be one. Through virtually every staff role over the past 15 or 20 years, I have had a chance to study this body. There are a few experiences now, as a sitting Member of Congress, that I simply can-not accept. One of them—the most pressing one— is the amount of time that Members of Congress are expected or, in some cases, directed to spend on raising money. We all know it. Every Member of Congress understands that you arrive with great expectations only to learn the obligation to spend time raising money. There is a quiet anger among many Members about that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.005 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H861 February 24, 2016 
It is not comfortable to talk about, frankly. This is one of the more un-comfortable speeches I will ever give in the well of this House. We must talk about it. Because when does this be-come the expectation? This is an orientation slide for fresh-men Members of Congress that was produced by one of the two major par-ties of this Congress a few years back, suggesting that, as a Member of Con-gress, your first responsibility is 4 hours a day not in your office, but across the street in a call suite asking people for money, another 1 to 2 hours a day networking and raising money, and only 2 hours a day doing your job. Members of Congress might have a quiet anger, but the American people will have a very loud anger when they understand that we are not accom-plishing things here because we are spending too much time raising money. Let’s turn that anger into resolve and change this body and change Wash-ington forever. Former Members of Congress are happy to talk about this, retiring Members who write confessions saying they spent 4,200 hours raising money, former majority leaders of the other body now writing a book lamenting how much time they spent raising money, a colleague of ours leaving this House calling fundraising the main business of Congress. But what do they all have in com-mon? They are all retiring or retired. Why don’t we do something about it, as sitting Members of Congress? Why don’t we fix this now when we have the opportunity instead of lamenting it when we are gone? This is why I have introduced what I call the Stop Act. It is very simple. It is 3 or 4 pages. Every Member of this body can read it before they vote on it. It simply prohibits direct solicitation of a campaign contribution by a sitting Member of Congress. State legislators in the State of Flor-ida and across the country are often prohibited from directly soliciting. There are 30 States where judges are elected, and they are prohibited from directly soliciting contributions. I want to say thank you to my col-leagues who have cosponsored this. In just over 3 weeks, we have six cospon-sors: Mr. N
OLAN of Minnesota, Mr. J
ONES of North Carolina, Messrs. D
UFFY and R IBBLE of Wisconsin, and Messrs. M
ICAand N UGENT from my State of Florida. The message is very simple on this. It says to Congress to get back to work. Let’s do our job, the job we were elected to do. We will never solve bor-der security and immigration reform. We will never balance the budget. We will never address national security and foreign policy. We will never ad-dress tax reform if we have a part-time Congress in a full-time world. In any other profession, if you spend 20 to 30 hours a week doing a job other than you are hired to do, you would be fired. But, in Washington, we accept this as the political culture. Many will say the issue is dark money, the issue is transparency. Fine. We can have a campaign finance de-bate. But that is not what this is about. This is about congressional re-form. I will close with this, Mr. Speaker. Each one of us made a promise to roughly 700,000 people in the commu-nity from which we come and rep-resent. We made a promise to do our job, not to ask them for money. We took an oath. We each took an oath, swearing to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. The last line of our oath says: ‘‘I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of this office on which I am about to enter.’’ Friends, we are not well and faith-fully discharging the duties of this body when we are spending 20 hours a week asking people for money and not doing our job. We are not well and faithfully dis-charging the duties of this office when fundraising is the main business, when we have Members missing votes to raise money, when the most important question sometimes among colleagues is not what legislation you are working on, but how much money you have raised. We are not well and faithfully executing the duties of this House when we are not doing our job. I stand here not to judge my col-leagues. I stand here to try to change the system. Let’s restore credibility to this House. Let’s honor the greatness of this body with greatness of integ-rity, greatness of commitment, great-ness of resolve. Let’s recognize the great calling of this body and the even greater calling of this Nation. Let’s stand together today and change Washington forever. Friends, colleagues, I urge you, while you are here and before retiring and la-menting the amount of time you spent raising money, cosponsor the Stop Act. Join me in this effort to change Wash-ington. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
HARPERS FERRY, WEST VIRGINIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, there are few places in our country that have both strong histor-ical significance and scenic beauty. Harpers Ferry is perhaps the greatest example of both. Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, was founded in 1734 by Robert Harper, who purchased the land for 50 guineas, or around $262. Over the next 282 years, this quaint town was the backdrop for some of the most important events in American history. From the earliest settlement of this great Nation through the founding of the railroads, the beginning of Meriwether Lewis’ adventure with Wil-liam Clark out West, John Brown’s raid, numerous Civil War battles and skirmishes, and the beginning of the civil rights movement, Harpers Ferry has stood the test of time and watched our American history unfold. As for the scenic beauty, none have described it better than one of our Na-tion’s great founders, President Thom-as Jefferson. After visiting Harpers Ferry on October 25, 1783, the author of the Declaration of Independence said he viewed ‘‘the passage of the Potomac River through the Blue Ridge as per-haps one of the most stupendous scenes in nature.’’ Let me tell you, this picture does not do the town justice. Harpers Ferry is a national treasure that has been enjoyed by millions of families for centuries. This past July, however, this quaint town of only 283 residents was struck by a large fire that swept through the downtown busi-ness district and destroyed 10 busi-nesses, which is 30 percent of the com-mercial district, and 2 apartments. Even before the embers from the fire cooled, members of the community had begun to take action and began making plans to rebuild. The town council, the Merchants As-sociation, and the community at large stepped up to take care of the people who were displaced by the fire. Jobs and housing were found for everyone who needed them, and space was of-fered for businesses that were able to immediately reopen. The Harpers Ferry Historical Town Foundation established a fund to col-lect and distribute money to help dis-placed residents, businessowners, and employees meet their most immediate needs. Over the past several months, in ad-dition to the support the fund received from people who live in the eastern panhandle of West Virginia, thousands of visitors from across the country and some from abroad have contributed to this fund. The president of West Virginia Uni-versity, Dr. G. Gordon Gee, brought a team to Harpers Ferry to help the town and the town council establish a plan. This plan enabled property owners to rebuild and restore their buildings, to develop a marketing plan, and to pro-vide engineering and archeological services to prevent the demolition of their historical treasures. The superintendent of the Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, Re-becca Harriott, stepped forward with meeting spaces, security services, and additional personnel to protect town residents and visitors from the fragile, burned-out spaces. The Jefferson County Commission provided in-kind and financial support to reimburse the town for the unantici-pated expenses of fighting the fire and providing for safety in the middle of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.007 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH862 February 24, 2016 
Harpers Ferry’s busiest part of the tourist season. Local, State, and Fed-eral officials were a constant and reas-suring presence for the town. The town council and the Historic Landmarks and Planning Commissions have worked together to streamline processes and enable property owners to quickly move ahead with the res-toration of the burned buildings. This past Monday I personally visited Harpers Ferry in Jefferson County, where I live with my wife and three children, to see the progress that is being made to repair the structures. The mayor, Greg Vaughn, was kind enough to show me around the dam-aged buildings and introduce me to those who were impacted by the fire. I can’t tell you how encouraging it was to see how the town has come together to rebuild after the fire. Harpers Ferry is no stranger to dis-aster: war, fire, floods. This is a town that endures. Today, Mr. Speaker, Harpers Ferry is still open for business, still thriving, still an elegant and evoc-ative journey into the formative years of our Nation. I invite you to come visit. 
f 
HEROIN EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss a problem that is near and dear to my heart. Cheaper than cigarettes and more ac-cessible than alcohol, heroin has be-come a plague on communities all across our country. Heroin takes a life every 3 days in the Chicago suburbs. Unfortunately, a similarly deadly trend is taking place all over our Na-tion. Although heroin is not often consid-ered a serious suburban problem, sta-tistics show the epidemic is quickly growing. Nearly one-quarter of the peo-ple who try heroin become addicted, and heroin deaths have literally quad-rupled in the United States in less than a decade. But the statistics don’t even begin to tell the whole story. As the co-chair of the Suburban Anti-Heroin Task Force in the State of Illinois, I have seen firsthand the deadly impact of these drugs. But I still can’t even begin to fathom the pain of losing one of my children to a drug overdose. I can’t imagine what families throughout the country have been put through because of this ter-rible drug. There is hope. Thanks to the great work of the Lake County Opioid Initia-tive, Live4Lali, and many other organi-zations in the 10th Congressional Dis-trict, we have already had tremendous success saving lives with an overdose reversal aid called naloxone. b1045 When used properly, naloxone helps restore breathing that has been stopped by an overdose. First respond-ers in Lake County, Illinois, have now saved over 56 lives in just a little over 1 year. That is 56 families who won’t have to experience the same type of un-bearable pain as those who have lost a loved one. With increased access, the World Health Organization predicts that naloxone could save an additional 20,000 lives each and every year. That is why I introduced a new bipartisan piece of legislation this week with Con-gresswoman KATHERINE CLARK . Our bill, Lali’s Law, will help States increase access to naloxone. The bill is named in memory of Stevenson High School graduate Alex Laliberte, who, sadly, passed away from a drug over-dose. Alex, like many high school students, played sports at Stevenson High School. He did well at school. He cared about his friends. He cared about his family. But during his sophomore year of college, he began being hospitalized for what was a mysterious illness. Unknown to his family and to the doctors, Alex had an addiction to pre-scription drugs and was being hospital-ized for his withdrawal. He would stay in the hospital until he received his fix, leave the hospital, and repeat the cycle again and again. He continued this pat-tern until he died of an overdose a few days after his final exams. The primary purpose, Mr. Speaker, of this bill, is to help fund State programs that allow pharmacists to distribute naloxone without a prescription so that we can prevent the repeat of Alex’s story. Many States use these programs to allow local law enforcement officers to carry and use naloxone, just like the success we have already seen in Lake County. The police officers in Lake County asked to be able to carry it because they would come to a scene often faster than the paramedics. They could re-spond within 5 minutes and refused to sit idly by and watch these people die of an overdose. Lali’s Law is an example of what is possible when we set aside partisanship and get to work for the people that we represent. Lali’s Law will bring Alex’s story to the United States Congress, here, and amplify the lifesaving bene-fits of Live4Lali’s hard work and the work that they did to pass a similar piece of legislation in the Illinois State Legislature. It is my hope that, through this bi-partisan bill, Alex’s lasting legacy will include helping countless people get a second chance at recovery and saving their families from unbearable heart-break. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan initiative and join us in the fight against heroin and prescription drug abuse. Together we can truly save lives. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 47 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Bishop Perry Thompson, Freedom Chapel International Christian Center, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: Emmanuel, the God of creation, pres-ence, and power, we honor You, the true and only wise God, as Christ and Lord and decree and declare Your prin-ciples and patterns to be the common thread through these walls and this au-gust assembly of Representatives. We declare this day that the Lord has made a day of excellence and coopera-tion and decree it to be like no other day. We remorse of all sin and short-comings and acquiesce to the unction of the Shekinah glory of the Most High. With expediency, deliver us from our enemies, for we flee unto Thee to hide us. Teach us to do Thy will, for Thou art our God. Thy spirit is good. Lead us into the land of uprightness. We declare these blessings in the name of the Lord and Savior. Amen in Jesus’ name. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from California (Ms. H
AHN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. HAHN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING BISHOP PERRY THOMPSON The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Bishop Perry N. Thompson of Richmond, Virginia, for offering the opening prayer. A graduate of DeVry Institute of Technology and Norfolk State Univer-sity, Bishop Thompson is the senior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.008 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H863 February 24, 2016 
pastor of the Freedom Chapel Inter-national Christian Center here in Washington, D.C., and Bishop Thomp-son oversees ministries abroad in Brazil, Ecuador, Liberia, Mexico, Rus-sia, and Ukraine. Mr. Speaker, Bishop Thompson is the Admissions and Financial Officer for the Supreme Court of the United States, the First Vice President of Ad-ministration for RBI Institute, and serves on the Executive Board of the Apostolic World Christian Fellowship. Mr. Speaker, Bishop Thompson is also the pastor of our beloved colleague Joyce Hamlett, Assistant Sergeant at Arms in charge of floor security. Mr. Speaker, again I thank Bishop Perry N. Thompson for his excellent work and for his being here today. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S PLAN TO CLOSE GUANTANAMO (Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, yesterday President Obama announced his plan to close Guanta-namo. As a 29-year Air Force veteran and POW, I speak from experience when I say that the President’s decision is wrong and it will endanger our home-land. As a Congressman who helped pass the law to protect American citizens by ensuring Obama doesn’t release ter-rorists from GTMO, I would like to re-mind the President that his decision goes against the will of the American people. Furthermore, it is illegal. Radical Islamic terrorists who are hell-bent on the destruction of our de-mocracy and way of life belong in only one place, Guantanamo. The President is clearly in denial about these terrorists, but Americans can rest assured we will do everything in our power to keep our country safe. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
SUPPORT FUNDING FOR GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, on the occasion of Great Lakes Day, hundreds of advocates are in Washington to sup-port funding for the restoration of the Great Lakes. Fortunately, after years of neglect, Congress is starting to meet its respon-sibilities to protect and to restore this irreplaceable resource. In 1968, the Buffalo River, which drains into Lake Erie, was so contami-nated that it was declared biologically dead. Today, funded by the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, the Federal Government, local businesses, and the Buffalo Niagara RIVERKEEPER are working on a massive undertaking to clean up and restore the river. Now we expect it will be fishable and swim-mable within the next decade. In the coming weeks, Congress will begin to devise its spending plan for the year. I urge my colleagues to sup-port programs like the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which support local economies, natural habitats, and public health throughout the region. f 
CLOSING GUANTANAMO (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the President an-nounced a dangerous proposal, to close Guantanamo and bring terrorists to America. One of the proposed locations is near Charleston, South Carolina, creating a risk of attacks to adjacent schools, churches, neighborhoods, and ports. I have visited Guantanamo twice. This is the right location to house ter-rorists who are obsessed to kill Amer-ican families. The 2016 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, signed by the President, bars the closure of Guantanamo. Congress voted that remote Guantanamo is the safest location for mass murderers of American families, which discourages further attacks, and no one wants to be in Communist Cuba. I appreciate Speaker P
AUL DAVIS R
YAN, Senators T IMSCOTT and L INDSEY  G
RAHAM , Governor Nikki Haley, Attor-ney General Alan Wilson, and the South Carolina House delegation for their efforts to prevent the closure of Guantanamo to protect American fam-ilies. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
A NEW SUPREME COURT JUSTICE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, all of us were saddened in the last 2 weeks at the loss of the longest serving jurist, Justice Scalia. There is no doubt he loved the law and he loved the Court. With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, I think it is important that, in recogni-tion of Justice Scalia’s love of the law and the love of that Court, we honor his memory by fulfilling the constitu-tional duty that the other body has to and the constitutional duty that the President has to, which is to advise and consent on a nomination made by the President or not consent made by the President of a Supreme Court Justice. The claim that this is an 80-year precedent that has not been broken based upon the time that the President is now serving—332 days—there is no such term as a lame duck in the United States Congress is incorrect. It was re-cently done in 1988, under President Reagan, with Justice Kennedy, when he was nominated by a Democrat-con-trolled Senate, 97–0. It is important that we express to the American people that we are willing to do our duty. I would adhere to the Latin term in English: the last expres-sion of the people prevail. The Presi-dent of the United States was duly elected in 2012. His term has not ended. I applaud the President for doing his constitutional duty. I think it is im-portant for us to do our constitutional duty, the Congress of the United States, and address the question on making sure the Court is full to do its duty. f 
A TRIBUTE TO HARPER LEE (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, last week the world lost a literary giant and Ala-bama lost a legend. A native of Ala-bama’s First Congressional District, Nelle Harper Lee was born and died in Monroeville, Alabama, the city that served as an inspiration for the town of Maycomb in her legendary novel ‘‘To Kill a Mockingbird.’’ Nelle received many honors through-out her life, including being inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor, receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and being awarded the Na-tional Medal of Arts. She was known as a private woman, but her writings inspired generations, promoted acceptance, and taught us all important life lessons. Sadly, she passed away in Monroe-ville on February 19 at the age of 89. One of the best lessons Nelle taught us was about tolerance. As she wrote in ‘‘To Kill a Mockingbird,’’ ‘‘You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view . . . until you climb into his skin and walk around in it.’’ May we all take time to reflect on the life of Nelle Harper Lee, and may we all continue to live out her lesson of tolerance each and every day. 
f 
AUTUMN JOHNSON KILLED BY GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.011 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH864 February 24, 2016 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, on the evening of February 9, this little pre-cious angel, 1-year-old Autumn John-son, was in her crib when a gunman ap-proached her family’s Compton home and opened fire on the converted ga-rage where they lived. Autumn was struck by a single bullet to her head. Two sheriff’s deputies on the scene didn’t think they could wait for the paramedics and rushed little Autumn in her father’s arms to the hospital in their squad car. She was de-clared dead at the hospital. Yesterday sheriffs arrested her sus-pected killer. The motive is still un-known, but law enforcement suspects gang involvement. I hope that justice is served, but I know that nothing can make up for what Autumn’s parents have lost. I attended her funeral on Saturday, and my heart broke into a million pieces when I saw Autumn in her little lavender casket. Before she was buried, her young father put her pink teddy bear in beside her. When is the breaking point? When will we decide that our communities have seen enough bloodshed? When will we get serious about investing in our young people and giving them better opportunities than gangs? When will we in Congress finally do our part to prevent gun violence? Autumn’s life mattered, and it is time we started acting like it. 
f 
HONORING CAROL MOONEY, PRESI-DENT OF SAINT MARY’S COL-LEGE (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and pay tribute to a champion of higher education in my district. For the last 12 years, Dr. Carol Moon-ey has honorably served as president of Saint Mary’s College in Notre Dame, Indiana. She is beloved by her peers and praised for strengthening Saint Mary’s fiscal and academic standings. Her work has directly impacted the lives of students on campus, providing them with the highest quality edu-cation possible. As its first lay alumna president, Mooney spearheaded Saint Mary’s most successful fund-raising campaign, raising over $105 million in gifts and pledges. She also oversaw the expan-sion of numerous undergraduate and graduate programs. Clearly, her dedi-cation to and passion for education has been felt far and wide. On behalf of the people of Indiana’s Second Congressional District, I thank President Mooney for her commitment to improving the state of our commu-nity and society at large and wish her all the best as she enters retirement later this year. b1215 RECOGNIZING THE WORLD WAR II GHOST ARMY (Ms. KUSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a group of men who played a crucial and unique role in the Allied victory in World War II. The Army’s 23rd Headquarters Spe-cial Troops, also known as the Ghost Army, used tactical deception to divert enemy troops. Recruited from art schools and ad agencies, these men cre-ated false radio transmissions, along with decoy tanks, planes, and other ve-hicles, to deceive German soldiers while concealing the true movement of our Allied troops. The unit’s members included cele-brated artists like Bill Blass and Ells-worth Kelly, and men like the late Mickey McKane, who lived in my dis-trict. Mickey was recruited from the Pratt Institute and put his expertise in architectural design to good use on the battlefields of Europe. The Ghost Army’s activities were classified until 1996, which meant that for years their heroics went largely un-recognized. Last year, my colleague PETER KINGand I introduced legisla-tion to collectively award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the unit. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and give the Ghost Army the recognition it deserves. I hope you will join me tomorrow night on the Hill, where I will be hosting a screen-ing of an acclaimed 2013 PBS documen-tary, The Ghost Army. As the proud daughter and daughter- in-law of World War II veterans, I am honored to advocate for those who sac-rificed so much for our victory. I urge my colleagues to join me in these ef-forts. 
f 
LACONIA PD (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the Laconia, New Hamp-shire, Police Department helping com-bat our State’s growing heroin epi-demic. Even in picturesque communities like Laconia, New Hampshire’s Lakes Region, heroin abuse is afflicting ev-eryone from kids to adults. Laconia is taking a new approach to the problem, however. In addition to locking up drug deal-ers, the Laconia Police Department named former undercover officer Eric Adams as a prevention and treatment coordinator. In his new job, Officer Adams builds relationships with heroin users, often at their most vulnerable moments, convincing them to seek treatment. Sometimes his cell phone rings in the middle of the night. A desperate caller pleads with Eric for help. He arrives with compassion and information. Just last year, he helped 78 Granite Staters seek treatment. In Congress, members of the Bipar-tisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic are working to direct more resources to innovative programs like Laconia’s. The Laconia Police Depart-ment is providing a model for others and saving lives. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, last weekend, six people were murdered by a gunman on the streets of Kalamazoo, Michigan. So far this year, we have had more than 1,800 people die at the hands of a gun and more than 30 mass shoot-ings. Congress has done nothing in the face of this continued bloodshed. What will it take for us to act? Today I will introduce the Hate Crimes Prevention Act, a bill that closes the hate crimes loophole and will prevent those convicted of hate crimes from possessing or purchasing a gun. I have proposed the assault weapons ban, a bill to end the purchase of fire-arms by dangerous individuals, to close the fire sale loophole. My colleagues have introduced many other bills to fix our broken background check system. It is important that we take up this legislation and vote on these bills to let our constituents know where we stand in this fight to reduce gun vio-lence in our country. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RAY WEST (Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of my constituent Ray West, who passed away last week at the age of 89. Ray was a U.S. Navy veteran who served during World War II. He went on to have a successful career in the film industry, earning an Academy Award and a Grammy for his work as a sound engineer. Ray and his wife, Jean, were married in 1950. The two honeymooned in Yo-semite National Park and celebrated each anniversary by returning there. Ray became ill and the Dream Foun-dation stepped in. The Dream Founda-tion is a wish-granting organization for terminally ill adults that is based in Santa Barbara, California. They en-sured that Ray and Jean would be able to visit Yosemite for their 65th wed-ding anniversary. Last September I had the privilege of meeting Ray and his son David when they traveled to Washington, D.C., for the launch of the Dream Foundation’s Dreams for Veterans Program. I was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.013 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H865 February 24, 2016 
honored to be able to recognize him for his outstanding military service and his extraordinary life. So today, my thoughts are with Ray’s family. I pray they find comfort as they celebrate the life of this re-markable man. 
f 
CENTRAL INTERCOLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the Central Inter-collegiate Athletic Association. Founded in 1912, the CIAA is our Na-tion’s first historically Black colle-giate athletic conference and one of our country’s oldest athletic con-ferences. The CIAA is being held in Charlotte, North Carolina, this week, which I have the pleasure of rep-resenting. As co-chair of the Bipartisan Con-gressional HBCU Caucus, I am proud of the mission of the CIAA, which encour-ages educational advancements for stu-dent athletes, promotes positive com-petitive sportsmanship, and highlights HBCUs and other member institutions. The Queen City has hosted this con-ference for more than 10 years, and the CIAA has had a positive impact on Charlotte’s economy over the last dec-ade, generating more than $325 million. It continues to generate more than $55 million annually. CIAA’s sponsors, along with the city of Charlotte, have also provided $1.5 million annually in scholarship funding for member schools. I thank CIAA for being such a posi-tive force in the Charlotte area, and for students, families, and supporters across the country. I wish the best to all of the male and female athletes competing for titles this week. 
f 
AIPM ACT/NATIONAL INVASIVE SPECIES WEEK (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, in rec-ognition of National Invasive Species Awareness Week, this is a great oppor-tunity to call attention to the more than 4,300 invasive species that harm our domestic agriculture, local land-owners, and communities throughout the United States. So, what are invasive species? In my home State of Hawaii, the cof-fee berry borer, coconut rhinoceros beetle, macadamia nut felted coccid, and others cost our local economy mil-lions and threaten our unique eco-system, our agriculture and water-ways, as well as our food supply and public health. There is no one-size-fits-all solution to combat the thousands of noxious species that are present across the country. That is why I strongly encour-age my colleagues to cosponsor and pass H.R. 3893, a bill I sponsored, the Areawide Integrated Pest Management Act, which would bring local stake-holders together with researchers and other key players in order to find sus-tainable, cost-effective, and com-prehensive solutions that will better help all of us to manage and prevent the spread of these harmful pests and invasive species. f 
DEADLINE FOR A STRATEGY TO COMBAT ISLAMIC EXTREMISM (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, last week the Obama administration failed to meet a congressionally mandated dead-line to submit a strategy to combat Is-lamic terrorism. To comply with the 2016 National De-fense Authorization Act, President Obama was required to submit to Con-gress a comprehensive strategy to de-feat ISIS by Monday, February 15, 2016. That was over a week ago. We still have not received his strategy. Con-fronting this threat is of utmost impor-tance to the safety and security of the United States and our allies. While there is an absence of leader-ship from our Commander in Chief, the House has taken several steps to keep America safe from terrorism. We passed the Visa Waiver Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act to help prevent foreign terrorists from en-tering the United States. We also passed the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act, a bill to pause the government’s Syrian refugee pro-gram. Just yesterday the House passed two additional measures to ensure our Fed-eral agencies are working to disrupt the travel of terrorists and those seek-ing help from terrorists. The House alone cannot keep Amer-ica safe. We need action from this ad-ministration, and submitting an in-complete plan to remove dangerous terrorists to the United States from Guantanamo Bay doesn’t count. It just threatens our security more. ISIS is a very grave threat that is clearly not contained. Today I urge the President to comply with the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act and submit a plan to Con-gress. 
f 
HEALTH SAVINGS ACT GIVES MORE FLEXIBILITY TO MEET HEALTH CARE NEEDS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, hard-working families in Minnesota and around the country want more flexi-bility, more choice, and lower costs when it comes to their own health care. Instead of a top-down approach, patients should be able to work with their doctor to determine what is best to meet their health care needs. One of the best tools to provide more flexibility for patients are health sav-ings accounts and flexible spending ac-counts. HSAs and FSAs are a great way to save for future medical expenses. However, due to certain loopholes in current law, employers are often dis-couraged from contributing to their employees’ accounts. That is why I have introduced legislation, the Health Savings Act, that would remove this loophole and encourage companies to contribute directly to their employees’ HSAs and FSAs. The bill also would bring in seniors and Active Duty military personnel into the mix by allowing contributions to be made to those accounts under Medicare and TRICARE. It also makes commonsense fixes to the current rules regarding HSAs and FSAs. For in-stance, patients would now be able to purchase over-the-counter medications such as aspirin or allergy medicine without getting a prescription from their doctor first. Mr. Speaker, let’s give the American people more choice and more flexi-bility. Let’s pass the Health Savings Act. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
ERIC WILLIAMS CORRECTIONAL OFFICER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 238) to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleo-resin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 238 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eric Wil-liams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE BU-REAU OF PRISONS AUTHORIZED TO CARRY OLEORESIN CAPSICUM SPRAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 303 of part III of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4049. Officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons authorized to carry oleoresin capsicum spray ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall issue, on a routine basis, oleoresin capsicum spray to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.014 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH866 February 24, 2016 
‘‘(1) any officer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons who— ‘‘(A) is employed in a prison that is not a minimum or low security prison; and ‘‘(B) may respond to an emergency situa-tion in such a prison; and ‘‘(2) to such additional officers and employ-ees of prisons as the Director determines ap-propriate, in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) T
RAINING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order for an officer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons, including a correctional officer, to be eligible to re-ceive and carry oleoresin capsicum spray pursuant to this section, the officer or em-ployee shall complete a training course be-fore being issued such spray, and annually thereafter, on the use of oleoresin capsicum spray. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFERABILITY OF TRAINING .—An of- ficer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons who completes a training course pursuant to paragraph (1) and subsequently transfers to employment at a different prison, shall not be required to complete an additional train-ing course solely due such transfer. ‘‘(3) T
RAINING CONDUCTED DURING REGULAR  
EMPLOYMENT .—An officer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons who completes a training course required under paragraph (1) shall do so during the course of that officer or em-ployee’s regular employment, and shall be compensated at the same rate that the offi-cer or employee would be compensated for conducting the officer or employee’s regular duties. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF OLEORESIN CAPSICUM SPRAY .— Officers and employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons issued oleoresin capsicum spray pursu-ant to subsection (a) may use such spray to reduce acts of violence— ‘‘(1) committed by prisoners against them-selves, other prisoners, prison visitors, and officers and employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons; and ‘‘(2) committed by prison visitors against themselves, prisoners, other visitors, and of-ficers and employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 303 of part III of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4048 the following: ‘‘4049. Officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons authorized to carry oleoresin capsicum spray.’’. 
SEC. 3. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than the date that is 3 years after the date on which the Director of the Bureau of Prisons begins to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons pursuant to section 4049 of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes the following: (1) An evaluation of the effectiveness of issuing oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons in prisons that are not minimum or low secu-rity prisons on— (A) reducing crime in such prisons; and (B) reducing acts of violence committed by prisoners against themselves, other pris-oners, prison visitors, and officers and em-ployees of the Bureau of Prisons in such pris-ons. (2) An evaluation of the advisability of issuing oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons in prisons that are minimum or low security prisons, including— (A) the effectiveness that issuing such spray in such prisons would have on reducing acts of violence committed by prisoners against themselves, other prisoners, prison visitors, and officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons in such prisons; and (B) the cost of issuing such spray in such prisons. (3) Recommendations to improve the safe-ty of officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons in prisons. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on S. 238, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Today I rise in support of S. 238, the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Pro-tection Act of 2015. Eric Williams was born on August 24, 1978, in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He was the son of Donald and Jean Wil-liams. Eric spent most of his life in Nanticoke, Pennsylvania, where he at-tended the Nanticoke public schools and graduated from Greater Nanticoke Area High School in 1996. Eric was an avid soccer player. He played youth soccer, was a member of the high school team, and continued playing in adult leagues. In addition, to his love of soccer, Eric was an avid sportsman. He enjoyed hunting, fish-ing, and bowling. Eric graduated with a criminal jus-tice degree from King’s College in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, and was a graduate of Lackawanna College’s po-lice program. He went on to become a security specialist and then a police of-ficer with Jefferson Township, Penn-sylvania. In September of 2011, Eric began his career as a corrections officer at the U.S. Penitentiary in Canaan. In his spare time, he volunteered by visiting jails, talking to inmates about health and spiritual issues. On the night of February 25, 2013—3 years ago tomorrow—Eric was super-vising more than 100 high-security in-mates at the USP in Canaan. While making his rounds for nightly lockdown just before 10 p.m., inmate and gang member Jesse Con-ui launched an unprovoked, brutal, and cowardly attack against Senior Officer Williams. Con-ui knocked Eric down a staircase, fracturing his skull. He pro-ceeded to stab Eric more than 200 times with a homemade prison shank. When authorities found Eric’s body, he had only a set of keys, a pair of handcuffs, and a handheld radio on him, clearly not enough to defend him-self against such a brutal attack. Eric was 34 years old when he was murdered. The Eric Williams Correctional Offi-cer Protection Act of 2015 will ensure that our brave corrections officers have the necessary equipment to properly defend themselves from this type of at-tack in the future. S. 238 requires the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons to issue pepper spray to any Bureau of Prisons officer or em-ployee who may have to respond to an emergency situation to reduce acts of violence committed by prisoners. b1230 This is a much-needed piece of legis-lation to ensure the safety and security of Bureau of Prisons employees as well as the inmates in their facilities. This bill passed the Senate 2 months ago and, if passed today, will be presented to the President. I want to particularly thank Con-gressman M
ARINO , who represents the district where Eric lived and who has been a staunch advocate for making pepper spray available to Bureau of Prisons employees. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of leg-islation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as the senior member of the House Judiciary Committee and as the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations, as the Representative of Houston, I am privileged to be able to support this legislation, legislation that, I am very glad to say, had been included in our draft prison bill, a bipartisan bill. But because of the urgency of this matter, I am very glad to be on the floor of the House with the cosponsors, sponsors, and the chairman of the full com-mittee, Mr. G
OODLATTE ; and the rank-ing member of the full committee, Mr. C
ONYERS , as well, joins in the impor-tance of this effort. My heart aches for Eric Williams’ family, and it aches for the cir-cumstance that caused him to lose his life. Obviously, this young man was committed to public safety, the crimi-nal justice system, and, in fact, the re-habilitation of those who were incar-cerated, even in high-risk cir-cumstances. I rise to support S. 238, the Eric Wil-liams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015, to make sure that this pro-vision, providing a tool of safety for these brave corrections officers, does not go out of existence. I want to extend my thanks again to Judiciary Chairman G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member C
ONYERS , as I indi-cated, for their ongoing, bipartisan leadership. But again, let me refer back to Eric Williams, the namesake of this legisla-tion and the tragedy of his death. I want to offer my sympathy to the fam-ily members and to again say that this death did not have to happen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.004 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H867 February 24, 2016 
As I discuss the bill, I want to make the point that we should not short-change the resources needed for the men and women who are on the front lines of protecting us and securing a criminal justice system to make it work. In this instance, that is what happened. A death had occurred earlier, but the pilot program did not reach to Eric’s facility, and that is inexcusable. But, fortunately, this permanent adding or expanding of this bill will make sure that every high-risk facility under the Bureau of Prisons will have this pepper spray. The Judiciary Committee unani-mously passed the groundbreaking prison reform bill, as I said, 2 weeks ago. This measure was included. S. 238 codifies a pilot program that has increased Federal prison safety na-tionwide. It is crucial. However, it is set to expire in a few days, and I look forward to my colleagues bringing forth the criminal justice bill. It is important to move this bill now. Tomorrow marks 3 years since the death of Correctional Officer Eric Wil-liams, who was stabbed by an inmate at a high-security facility. He was working alone, as I said, with 100 in-mates, high risk. Armed with only a radio, keys, and handcuffs, he was un-able to defend himself against the ag-gressive attack. If Officer Williams was equipped with pepper spray, then he might still be here with us today. Passing S. 238 will honor Officer Wil-liams. The provisions of this bill re-quire BOP to issue oleoresin capsicum spray, known as pepper spray, to cer-tain staff at a higher security prison. This requirement is truly common sense and does not apply to minimum or low-security facilities. It only ap-plies to staff that may respond to an emergency situation in the prison. S. 238 includes critical safeguards to ensure pepper spray is used appro-priately and only when necessary to prevent acts of violence, it is deter-mined that pepper spray is not dan-gerous, only in limited circumstances. The legislation requires the officer or employee to complete a pepper spray training course before being issued the spray, annually thereafter. It establishes parameters for using the spray, and it may only be used to reduce acts of violence. In doing so, S. 238 makes it clear that pepper spray may not be used to punish or coerce in-mates, or in an excessive, inappro-priate fashion. Finally, let me say that it is with sadness, but with pleasure, that we pro-vide this legislation and move it quick-ly so that we can provide that perma-nent armor, if you will, to protect these officers who are dealing with high-risk inmates. I ask my colleagues to support this legislation. As a senior Member of the House Judiciary Committee; as the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations; as the represent-ative from Houston and as a co-sponsor of legislation that includes this same measure, I rise in support of S. 238, the ‘‘Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015.’’ Let me extend my thanks to Judiciary Chair-man G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member C ON-
YERS for their ongoing leadership on bipartisan criminal justice reform. When the Judiciary Committee unanimously passed a groundbreaking prison reform bill just two weeks ago, that bill included the measure before us today. S. 238 codifies a pilot program that has in-creased federal prison safety nationwide. This crucial program, however, is set to ex-pire in just a few days. While I look forward to working with my col-leagues to bring our bipartisan criminal justice reform bills before this Chamber soon, we must pass S. 238 now to avoid letting this im-portant program expire. Tomorrow marks three years since the death of Correctional Officer Eric Williams, who was stabbed by an inmate at a high se-curity facility in Waymart, PA. Officer Williams was working alone in a unit of more than loo inmates. Armed only with a radio, keys, and hand-cuffs, he was unable to defend himself against the aggressive attack. If Officer Williams was equipped with pepper spray, then he might still be here with us today. Passing S. 238 will honor Officer Williams. The Eric Williams Correctional Officer Pro-tection Act of 2015 provides officers in higher security facilities with the means to protect themselves when necessary. S. 238 requires BOP to issue oleoresin cap-sicum spray, known as pepper spray, to cer-tain staff at higher security prisons. This requirement is truly common sense: it does not apply to minimum or low security fa-cilities; and it only applies to staff that ‘‘may respond to an emergency situation’’ in the prison. S. 238 includes critical safeguards to ensure pepper spray is used appropriately and only when necessary to prevent acts of violence. Specifically, this legislation: requires the offi-cer or employee to complete a pepper spray training course before being issued the spray, and annually thereafter; and establishes pe-rimeters for using the spray—it may only be used to reduce acts of violence committed by prisoners against themselves or others. In doing so, S. 238 makes it clear that pep-per spray may not be used to punish or co-erce inmates, or in an excessive and inappro-priate fashion. The need to provide permanent protective equipment cannot be overstated. Mass incarceration has led to dangerously overcrowded federal prisons. Such conditions can frequently lead, or at least contribute to, unnecessary violence. High and medium security level facilities make up 42 percent of the total BOP popu-lation. In FY2013 these facilities were operating 52 percent and 45 percent over capacity, respec-tively. Officers in these facilities must be equipped to protect themselves and others. In 2010, there were almost 1,700 assaults on BOP staff—about 49 per 5,000 inmates. BOP requires officers on regular duty to carry a radio, body alarm, and keys. Outside the pilot program and aside from emergency situations and special teams, offi-cers do not carry pepper spray or batons. Officers must rely on communication skills and training to de-escalate confrontations. These are critically important skills and we know that our well-trained federal correctional officers are generally able to use these skills to avoid violence. In some instances, however, these skills may not be enough and, when they are not, these officers must not be defenseless. The issuance of pepper spray, alongside proper training, will go a long way to assisting these officers when all else fails. We ask a lot of federal correctional officers. We support these officers with training and skills, but that is not always enough. When faced with acts of violence against themselves and others, they must be well-po-sitioned to cut that violence short. It is therefore vital that we pass S. 238 now. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me; the National Association of Police Organi-zations; Federal Law Enforcement Officers As-sociation; American Federation of Government Employees, and Council of Prison Locals; in supporting the Eric Williams Correctional Offi-cer Protection Act of 2015. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ), a member of the Judiciary Committee and a sub-committee chairman who has been an advocate on this issue and whose dis-trict was directly impacted by the murder of Eric Williams. Mr. MARINO. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for bringing this legislation to the floor, and I thank Mr. C
ONYERS  for supporting this as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Eric Williams Correctional Offi-cer Protection Act. I was not fortunate enough to know Eric Williams while he lived, but, as I have met and worked with his parents, his coworkers and friends, I have come to grasp the depth of his loss to them all. As the chairman stated before me, on the night he was brutally murdered, Eric was alone and outnumbered, over 100 to 1, in a high-security Federal pen-itentiary. USP Canaan, where Eric was mur-dered, is one of three such high-secu-rity institutions in my congressional district. And I might add that Con-gressman G
OODLATTE and I toured the facilities at Lewisburg and at Allenwood several months ago and saw firsthand what takes place there. In each of them, corrections officers and other prison staff are constantly out-numbered while they work among the most violent criminals in the Federal prison system. Until the BOP implemented its OC spray pilot program, each of these cor-rectional officers was also completely unarmed. Inmates, on the other hand, constantly find ingenious ways to fab-ricate weapons for use against BOP em-ployees and other inmates. But, as I have visited and met with corrections officers at USP Canaan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.017 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH868 February 24, 2016 
FCC Allenwood, and USP Lewisburg, I have heard firsthand accounts why OC spray is a necessary tool for their job. It is a sign of why this proven pilot program must be permanently author-ized. I want to thank Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE for his support and assistance on this critical piece of legislation, and my colleagues sitting with me here today and on the other side of the aisle. Over many months now, he and the staff have worked with mine to en-sure that we bring this to the floor. I also want to thank my colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator T
OOMEY , for his efforts to push the bill through the Senate. While straightforward and short, the bill means life and/or death for correc-tions officers and BOP employees across the Nation. The loss of Eric Wil-liams and two other Federal correc-tions officers in recent years is tragic and absolutely preventable. Tomorrow, February 25, marks 3 years since Eric’s death. To honor his service and his memory, I urge my col-leagues to do right for those who pro-tect us and support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ). Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Eric Williams Correc-tional Officer Protection Act. First, let me explain the title of the bill. Eric Williams was a constituent of mine from Nanticoke, a senior correc-tional officer at the U.S. Prison at Canaan in Waymart, Pennsylvania, which is just outside of my district. On February 25, 2013, that is 3 years ago tomorrow, Eric Williams was working in the prison when he was suddenly at-tacked by an inmate. The inmate knocked Officer Williams down a flight of steps. He then stabbed him more than 200 times with a homemade shank. That inmate is now charged with first degree murder, first degree murder of a United States corrections officer, and possessing contraband in prison. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty. Needless to say, at the time of the at-tack, Officer Williams was unarmed. Now, it makes sense that officers don’t carry firearms into areas where in-mates could gain access to them, but this bill tells the Bureau of Prisons to supply pepper spray to prison officers or other employees who could be in-volved in emergency situations with inmates. If Officer Williams had been equipped with pepper spray 3 years ago, he might have been able to defend himself against that cowardly, ambush-style attack, and perhaps he would be alive today. This will give correctional offi-cers that fighting chance that Officer Williams did not have. I have had the privilege of meeting with Eric Williams’ parents, Don and Jean. They are now part of an organi-zation called Voices of JOE. The letters of J-O-E stand for Jose Rivera, Osvaldo Albarati, and Eric Williams. They were killed because of their jobs in the cor-rectional system. For them, Mr. Speaker, and all of our correctional officers who risk their lives every day, I urge support of the bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ), who is the chief sponsor of the House version of this bill. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 238, the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act, and urge its immediate adoption. Two years ago, our office met with the family of Eric Williams. We heard the tragic story of how he was brutally murdered in the line of duty at the penitentiary at Canaan. In coordination with Senator T
OOMEY ’s office, we then introduced the bill, in concert with Congressmen B
ARLETTA and M ARINO , the companion bill in the House. We reintroduced it again this past year and are thrilled that the Toomey bill has passed the Senate and has come before the House today. This bill will permanently au-thorize Federal correction officers to routinely carry pepper spray in me-dium-, high-, and maximum-security prisons. Think about what we heard a minute ago. At the time of his death, Officer Williams was only equipped with a radio, a set of keys, and some hand-cuffs. Any worker should feel safe and se-cure when they go to work, but that is not the case in our Federal correc-tional institutions. These men and women have no line of defense against conflicts within the prison walls. This bill will go far in providing Federal correctional workers a much-needed tool so that they may defend them-selves and others if attacked by violent prison inmates. I thank the Judiciary Committee and leadership for their quick action in bringing this issue to the floor, and I urge all my colleagues to honor the memory of Officer Eric Williams by voting ‘‘yes’’ and sending this bill to the President’s desk. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. b1245 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, let me state the obvi-ous. All of us are appalled and saddened by the loss of this correctional officer. We express again our sadness and sym-pathy to his family although 3 years later. Eric Williams did not deserve to die. Our Federal prisons across America are dangerously overcrowded. Such conditions can frequently lead or at least contribute to unnecessary vio-lence. High- and medium-level security facilities make up 42 percent of the total Bureau of Prisons population. In FY 2013, these facilities were oper-ating 52 percent and 45 percent over ca-pacity, respectively. Officers in these facilities must be equipped to protect themselves. In 2010, there were almost 1,700 as-saults on BOP staff and about 49 per 5,000 inmates. BOP requires officers of regular duty to carry a radio, body alarm, and keys. Outside the pilot program and aside from the emergency situation and spe-cial teams, officers do not carry pepper spray all the time. Officers must rely on communication skills and training to deescalate confrontations. Some-times that is not enough. These are im-portant skills. We know that well-trained Federal correctional officers are generally able to use these skills to avoid violence, but not all the time. We must not have one single time where we have an offi-cer at the risk of losing their life and they have no protection. In some instances, however, these skills may not be enough. When they are not, these officers must not be de-fenseless. Issuance of pepper spray alongside proper training will go a long way to assist these officers. We ask a lot of Federal correctional officers. In the comments made about Mr. Williams, he was engaged in coun-seling and rehabilitation discussions. We support these officers with train-ing and skills. We do expect for them to interact. When faced with acts of vi-olence against themselves and others, they must be well positioned to cut that violence short. So I ask my colleges to join in pass-ing S. 238. I thank the author of the bill who persisted in introducing it on many occasions, my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, including Mr. M
ARINO , and others, our chairman and ranking member. I urge my colleagues to join me, the National Association of Police Organi-zations, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the American Federation of Government Employees, and the Council of Prison Locals in supporting the Eric Williams Correc-tional Officer Protection Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to close. Very simply, a few weeks ago I had the opportunity to meet Mr. and Mrs. Williams, Eric’s parents. They came to the House Judiciary Committee on the day that we marked up our prison re-form legislation and included matters related to protecting the security offi-cers in that legislation. They came after Eric had been bru-tally murdered. So they knew that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.018 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H869 February 24, 2016 
nothing they did there that day would save him, that he had already been lost. But they came for one important reason. They don’t want to see that happen to any other Federal prison se-curity guards anywhere anytime. They strongly support this legislation. I ask my colleagues to pass this leg-islation in Eric Williams’ name and out of respect for the concern his parents have that officers who serve their country in our Federal prisons are kept safe. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 238. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3624, FRAUDULENT JOIN-DER PREVENTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 618 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 618 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3624) to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on the Judici-ary now printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on House Resolution 618, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. It is a structured rule that provides 1 hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing member of the Judiciary Com-mittee for H.R. 3624, the Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2016. In addition to consideration of H.R. 3624, the House will also debate and vote on two amendments on the House floor. Yesterday the Rules Committee re-ceived testimony from the sponsor of the bill and a minority representative of the Judiciary Committee. Sub-committee hearings were held on this legislation, and it was marked up and reported by the Judiciary Committee. This bill went through regular order and enjoyed meaningful discussion at the subcommittee and full committee level. H.R. 3624 is strongly supported by the National Federation of Independent Business and the Chamber of Com-merce because of the significance of this issue to small businesses in north-east Georgia and across the Nation. This legislation will protect innocent local parties, often small businessowners, from being dragged into expensive lawsuits. It achieves this goal in two specific ways. First, the bill empowers judges to ex-ercise greater discretion to free an in-nocent local party from a case where the judge finds there is no plausible case against that party. It applies the same plausibility standard that the Supreme Court has said should be used to dismiss plead-ings for failing to state a valid legal claim, and we believe the same stand-ard should apply to release innocent parties from lawsuits. Second, the bill allows judges to look at evidence that the trial lawyers aren’t acting in good faith in adding local defendants. This is a standard some lower courts already use to deter-mine whether a trial lawyer really in-tends to pursue claims against the local defendant or is just using them as part of their forum shopping strategy. It is important to emphasize that Congress has the authority to regulate the jurisdiction of the lower Federal courts. The present standard has been described as poorly defined and subject to inconsistent interpretation and ap-plication and the consequences signifi-cant and real. H.R. 3624 is consistent with the views of our Founding Fathers and the prin-ciples of federalism enshrined in the Judiciary Act of 1789. I would like to thank Chairman G
OODLATTE , Congressman B UCK, and their staff for their work in bringing forth this important litigation reform. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and in strong opposition to the underlying legislation. In short, this is a lousy bill. At the end of last year, Republicans and Democrats came together to pass four major pieces of legislation that were sent to President Obama’s desk and enacted into law. We passed a bipartisan budget agree-ment, a multiyear tax package, a high-way bill, and legislation to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act that had all been stalled for years. That is how Congress is supposed to work, Mr. Speaker. Quite frankly, I thought at the end of last year that maybe these successes would be con-tagious and that it would become the norm to actually work together in a bi-partisan way and to pass meaningful legislation that would actually become law. But this Republican leadership, I am sad to say, has returned from the holi-day break with more of the same tired ideas and partisan legislation that is going nowhere. We are wasting time with this legislation today, which is going nowhere. We are wasting tax-payer dollars spending our time dealing with legislation that is going nowhere. Instead of considering legislation to create jobs, boost our economy, or lift struggling Americans out of poverty, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.019 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH870 February 24, 2016 
this Republican leadership is once again bringing to the floor a com-pletely unnecessary bill that puts the interests of large corporations ahead of the rights of the American people to pursue justice through our court sys-tem. It is not even the first time this week Republicans have played politics with our judicial system. Just yesterday Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCON-
NELL and Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee confirmed that Senate Republicans will not hold hear-ings or any votes on any nominee by President Obama to fill the current va-cancy on the U.S. Supreme Court, leav-ing a vacancy on our highest court for at least a year or more. Mr. Speaker, for the life of me, I can’t understand why my Republican friends have spent so much time during the last 7 years doing everything they can to try to obstruct this President’s agenda and every idea that this Presi-dent has had. The contempt that Republicans have demonstrated for this President from day one, when the Senate majority leader made clear that they wanted to make President Obama a one-term President and that the Republicans were going to do everything they could to stop every piece of legislation that he proposed because they wanted him to have no success stories, I think il-lustrates why this place has become the Congress of dysfunction. We need to do better. We need to un-derstand that, in Washington, D.C., our job is to try to get things done, not simply put roadblocks in the way. Interfering with our judicial system to score political points sets a dan-gerous precedent, and the underlying bill that we are set to consider later today is just one more attempt to un-balance the scales of justice. H.R. 3624, the so-called Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act, works to cre-ate a wild west environment for big corporations by making it harder for ordinary citizens to hold them ac-countable for their actions. It is simply another Republican handout to big business. H.R. 3624 is an attempt to create a so-lution to a problem that doesn’t exist. The issue of determining if a local party has improperly joined a case is already dealt with in our judicial sys-tem. There is no real evidence that the current system is failing to address any fraudulent joinders. This bill creates redtape and bu-reaucracy, something I am constantly hearing my Republican friends com-plain about, all to make our courts friendlier to big business. H.R. 3624 looks to move judicial cases that are supposed to be handled in State courts up to the Federal system, where trials take longer and are more expensive. This makes it significantly harder for an individual who has been injured by a corporation to take them to court and to be able to receive the compensa-tion that they may be entitled to, that they deserve. The costs are even higher for those seeking justice when you consider that this change would force many individ-uals to travel long distances. This is unjust and unfair. Maybe it pleases a certain group of contributors, but it is certainly not in the interests of the average American citizen. Clogging up our Federal court system with unnecessary cases that should be handled in State courts is simply not in the best interest of the American people. Congress should not be taking away the power of the courts to deter-mine where a case should be heard. Mr. Speaker, Americans would be outraged to learn that we are even con-sidering a bill that would tilt the scales even more in the direction of big corporations. This is the people’s House. We are supposed to be on the side of the peo-ple, not on the side of big corporations. So I urge my colleagues to reject this rule, to reject this underlying bill, and to get on the side of the American peo-ple. If we want to do something con-structive, maybe what we ought to do is pass a bill that allows the American people to sue the Congress for mal-practice because that is what this is about. This really is malpractice, that we are wasting our time on a bill that es-sentially is a giveaway to big corpora-tions and we are not doing the business that the people sent us here to do. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule. I reserve the balance of my time. b1300 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the pre-vious question. If we do defeat the pre-vious question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up a resolution that would require the Re-publican majority to stop its partisan games and finally hold hearings on the President’s budget proposal. I don’t know why this is so con-troversial. We ought to have a hearing, and we ought to talk about various ideas on how to deal with our budget. The President of the United States is entitled to have a hearing up here in the House of Representatives. I urge my colleagues again not to fol-low suit of the Senate, which is, again, blocking any hearings on a new Su-preme Court nominee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ) to discuss this proposal. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding time. This is my eighth year in service on the House Budget Committee. For the last 7 years, every year, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget has come to the House Budget Com-mittee and has presented the budget of the President of the United States—the President of the United States, who has been duly elected by the people of this country for two terms. Now the House Budget Committee decides that it wants to break 40 years of tradition and not allow the adminis-tration to present the President’s budget to not just the committee, but also to the country. This isn’t just un-precedented, this is disrespectful to the members of the committee and the Members of this House. It is certainly disrespectful to our President and the office of the Presidency. And above all, it is disrespectful to the American peo-ple who expect their elected leaders to at least review the budget of the Presi-dent they elected. As I have said before, the American people have elected President Obama twice. They did it for a reason. One of the reasons was that we were facing one of the greatest financial crises in the history of this country. The record since President Obama has taken office is pretty good. During his time in of-fice, he has overseen one of the most monumental recoveries in our Nation’s history. Consider some of the things that have happened over the past two terms of the Obama administration. Over the last 6 years, 14 million new jobs have been created; unemployment is now down to 5 percent; our budget deficit is at the smallest it has been in 8 years, down $1 trillion from the year Presi-dent Obama took office; corporate prof-its are up more than 165 percent; the Dow Jones average has doubled; the S&P 500 has more than doubled, up 140 percent; the NASDAQ has tripled, ris-ing 222 percent; more than 16 million Americans now have health coverage who previously didn’t; and new busi-ness formations are running at their highest rate in 17 years. With that record of economic leader-ship, you would think that not just the American people, but certainly the House Budget Committee members would want to hear what this President has to say about his vision for the economy going forward and for the budget of this government. But no, once again, for the first time in 40 years, we don’t have time or, appar-ently, the interest to listen to what the President has to say. I shouldn’t say ‘‘we.’’ This is the Re-publicans on the Budget Committee. Budgets are the way we prioritize our values and our preferences for future action. I know why the Republicans don’t want to hear the President’s budget, because they don’t want the American people to compare what the President would like to do with what their own budget will do. Now, we don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.021 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H871 February 24, 2016 
know exactly what that Republican budget is going to look like this year, but we do know that the Republican budget is going to resemble the Paul Ryan budget of 2012 and 2011. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gen-tleman from Kentucky an additional 1 minute. Mr. YARMUTH. That budget was so distasteful to the American people that his running mate in 2012, Mr. Romney, was forced to disavow it. We can make our own judgments, but we can’t make our own judgments if we can’t see and we don’t let the American people see the administration discuss their prior-ities versus the Republican priorities. This really is an insult, once again, to the American people that Repub-licans are too scared of the contrast that will be presented to even allow the President’s budget, the constitu-tionally elected President of the United States, to have his budget dis-cussed in front of the American people. It is shameful. I urge my colleagues to reject the previous question. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include in the R
ECORD an editorial that appeared in the New York Times, entitled, ‘‘Republican Budget Tan-trum.’’ The editorial concludes with this paragraph saying: ‘‘The President’s budget request is a detailed and worthy entry in the con-test of ideas. Its aim is to move the Na-tion forward. If Republicans had com-pelling ideas and a similar commit-ment to progress, they would engage with the proposals in the budget. But they don’t. So they won’t.’’ 
[From the New York Times, Feb. 9, 2016] R
EPUBLICAN BUDGET TANTRUM  (By The Editorial Board) By law, dating back to 1921, the president of the United States must submit an annual budget request to Congress. On Tuesday, President Obama submitted his eighth and final budget. And like all presidential budg-ets, it is a statement of values and priorities, a blueprint for turning ideas into policies, a map of where the president wants to lead the country. This week, even before the president’s budget was released, the Republican chair-men of the budget committees announced they would not even hold hearings with the White House budget director to discuss the proposal. Their decision is more than a break with tradition. It is a new low in Republican ef-forts to show disdain for Mr. Obama, which disrespects the presidency and, in the proc-ess, suffocates debate and impairs governing. Mr. Obama’s budget proposes to spend $4 trillion in the 2017 fiscal year (slightly more than for 2016). That total would cover recur-ring expenses, including Medicare and Social Security, as well as new initiatives to fight terrorism, poverty and climate change, while fostering health, education and environ-mental protection. If Republicans find those efforts objectionable—as their refusal to even discuss them indicates—they owe it to their constituents and other Americans to say why. Would they prefer to renege on Social Se-curity benefits? Do they think $11 billion to fight ISIS, as the budget proposes, is too much? Is $4.3 billion to deter Russian aggres-sion against NATO allies a bad idea? Does $19 billion for cybersecurity to protect govern-ment records, critical infrastructure and user privacy seem frivolous? And is $1.2 bil-lion to help states pay for safe drinking water or $292 million to send more pre-schoolers to Head Start really unaffordable? Republicans have objected that the presi-dent’s budget does not do enough to tackle the nation’s borrowing. But according to the White House’s estimate, the proposal would reduce deficits by $2.9 trillion over the next 10 years. That would be sufficient to hold deficits below 3 percent of the economy, a level that is widely considered manageable and even desirable, because a wealthy and growing nation can afford to borrow for projects that would be financially burden-some if paid for all at once. If Republicans have a plan to pay for the necessary work of government while elimi-nating deficits entirely, they should present it. The problem is that Republicans do not have viable alternatives. The budget pro-poses a $10-a-barrel tax on crude oil to help pay for $320 billion in new spending over 10 years on clean-energy transportation projects. Congressional Republicans, unable to break free of their no-new-taxes-ever stance, have derided the oil tax. But what is their plan to pay for projects to modernize transportation and promote green tech-nology in the absence of a new tax? The budget would also raise $272 billion over the next decade by closing tax loopholes that let high-income owners of limited-li-ability companies and other so-called pass- through businesses avoid investment taxes that apply to all other investors. Most of the money would be used to strengthen Medi-care’s finances. What is the Republican plan to strengthen Medicare? The president’s budget request is a detailed and worthy entry in the contest of ideas. Its aim is to move the nation forward. If Repub-licans had compelling ideas and a similar commitment to progress, they would engage with the proposals in the budget. But they don’t. So they won’t. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would just say that we are reading in the press that the chairman of the Budget Committee, the Republican chairman of the Budget Committee, is now punting on the Republican budget because apparently there is not enough red meat in there to satisfy the Tea Party—or the Freedom Caucus or whatever they call themselves this par-ticular week—which is very, very dis-turbing. But I think it is important that the Republicans do their job, just like the President did his job. And while you are waiting to do your job, I think you should maybe have a hearing on the President’s budget so that maybe some of these ideas, my friends might be able to react to and maybe even find some agreement. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, the re-fusal of my friends on the other side of the aisle to hold a hearing on the President’s budget is an unprecedented show of disrespect. The lack of respect I have seen for this President is abomi-nable, it is disgraceful, and it does not represent the American character. Chairman PRICE of the Budget Com-mittee, Mr. Speaker, recently re-marked he wanted to ‘‘save the Presi-dent the embarrassment’’ of having his Budget Director come testify before the Congress. Save him the embarrassment? He should be embarrassed. This is the first time, Mr. Speaker, since 1975 that the Budget Committee has not given the basic courtesy of re-viewing the President’s budget, regard-less of politics, regardless of whether we had a Democratic President or a Re-publican President, or regardless of whether we had a Democratic Congress or we had a Republican Congress—since 1975. This crass display of partisanship di-minishes the ability of Congress to do its job. It certainly doesn’t help us in reaching across the aisle, or maybe I am missing something. Had the com-mittee held a hearing on the Presi-dent’s budget, you would know that it creates opportunity for all, not just those at the top. It invests in growing the economy and ensuring the United States is competitive in the 21st cen-tury. Look, we set the parameters in De-cember, just a few months ago, and now what you want to do politically is tell us you can’t live within those pa-rameters. That is what you are telling the American people. We agreed to that. We voted on it. Now the majority has punted—to use the term—its responsibility and post-poned releasing a budget as it tries to cater to the extreme rightwing of its party. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gen-tleman from New Jersey an additional 1 minute. Mr. PASCRELL. By the way, we were going to be marking up that budget this week; am I correct? I will stand corrected, Mr. Speaker, if I am wrong. We were supposed to be marking up that budget. Now, we have to ask: Why aren’t we marking up that budget? We call on you to use this extra time during this delay to do your job and hold a hearing on the President’s budg-et. It is the right thing to do. It is the moral thing to do. Gee, what does that mean? I asked you if you want to work in a bipartisan way. This would be a demonstration of how to do that. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me close by saying again to my colleagues that they should defeat this rule, which is a re-strictive rule. They should vote against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.023 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH872 February 24, 2016 
the previous question so we can actu-ally bring forward the resolution that would allow for there to be a hearing on the President’s budget proposal, and we should defeat the underlying bill. We should defeat the underlying bill because it is a giveaway to big corpora-tions and big special interests. It is a bill that seems like it was written in the Republican congressional campaign committee to make big contributors happy. It does nothing to protect the well-being and the interests of average Americans, of small businesses, and of people who do not have a lot of wealth. For those reasons, we ought to reject the underlying bill, we ought to have a debate on the President’s budget pro-posal, and we ought to have a debate on whatever the Republicans come up with on their budget proposal. Speaker R
YANsaid that this would be the year of ideas, but it seems that any idea that isn’t the idea of a small group of very, very rightwing Republicans is not welcome to be talked about, never mind deliberated on, in this Congress. We need to listen to all ideas, and that includes what the President has pro-posed. By the way, this is a President who, notwithstanding all of the attempts by my Republican friends to try to frus-trate all of his legislative efforts, has a record of accomplishment nonetheless, and one that I think we Democrats are very, very proud of. But the fact of the matter is he is the President. He was elected not once, but he was elected twice. The American people elected him twice. He is our President for another year, whether my friends like it other not. He ought to be given the respect—and not just him, but the Presidency ought to be given the respect—to not play these kinds of political games when it comes to the budget. I hope that the previous question will be defeated so that we can bring this amendment to the floor for a vote. Again, I urge my colleagues, we have a lot to do. Let’s stop bringing press re-leases to the floor for votes, and let’s start doing business that will actually help the American people. This has be-come a place where trivial issues get debated passionately but important ones not at all. We need to change that. There is a reason why Congress is so low in the public opinion polls. What is happening today is an example of that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the remainder of my time. It has been interesting. Again, I want to just remind everyone, Mr. Speaker, that this is a rule debate about a bill that is coming forward to discuss a fraudulent joinder, which is something that impacts our communities and im-pacts our legal system. Just as a re-minder, I am going to ask that you vote for the rule and for the underlying bill, H.R. 3624, which will have plenty of debate forthcoming. It has been an interesting thing in the last few minutes to discuss with my colleagues across the aisle and talk about real ideas and press releases. Well, it is interesting. It has always been the prerogative of Congress and committee chairmen to invite whom they want and how they run their com-mittees, and that is continuing in that tradition. I think it is interesting that at the time it was announced, no hearing on the President’s budget was needed; we had no reason to believe the Presi-dent’s budget would balance or show any real interest in doing the fiscal challenge. If you want to talk about press re-leases, go look at what was handed out just a few weeks ago. In the President’s budget, it had a great picture of a mountain on the front. It was great symbolism because it basically just symbolized that this is a budget of debt; it is a mountain of debt; it has no hope, no promise—never will—to bal-ance our budget. Do you want to talk about real ideas? It reminds me of when I was going back and I was raising my children when they were smaller, and I would say it is time to eat and they would say: Daddy, we want candy. Daddy, we want this. I would say: You have to eat real food. Real ideas mean that in this country we take them seriously. b1315 It means a budget that can actually balance. When you have military leaders, business leaders, and community lead-ers saying that the greatest threat to America right now is our debt and def-icit situation, and, yet, the President, in his own press release—if you would, a large budget—says that we are never going to balance, that we don’t hope to balance, I do not understand the dis-connect from the kitchen table to the White House’s kitchen table. Undoubt-edly, there is a disconnect, because you put forth an idea that is not serious, and you are not putting forth an idea that balances. It is the compelling idea that makes us move forward. The budget debate that Congress is having right now is one that the Amer-ican people are demanding. It is about how we advance a budget that balances and that addresses fiscal challenges so we can have a strong national defense, a healthy economy, and healthy retire-ments and security for seniors and families. The President’s ‘‘status quo’’ budget doesn’t do that. In fact, it doesn’t do anything with regard to what we have talked about. Mr. Speaker, I was back in my dis-trict last week, as many of us were. One of the many things we are hearing in this election season is the reality that there is a disconnect between Main Street and inside this beltway. As long as there are ideas down a certain avenue called Pennsylvania that say we want to put a budget up that has no hope of helping this country out of the situation it is in, then we are not deal-ing in reality, then we are not dealing in real ideas. We are simply dealing in the fantasy that, one day, it will all just be better. Mr. Speaker, I remind our Democrat friends who are adamant about bring-ing the President’s budget into the mix that they are welcome to offer it up when a vote comes; but the last time the President’s budget hit the floor, it got all of two votes. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 618 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon the adoption of this resolution it shall be in order without intervention of any point of order to con-sider in the House the resolution (H. Res. 624) Directing the Committee on the Budget to hold a public hearing on the President’s fis-cal year 2017 budget request with the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget as a witness. The resolution shall be consid-ered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the ques-tion except one hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Budget. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of the resolution specified in section 2 of this resolution. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.024 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H873 February 24, 2016 
question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 180, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 85] YEAS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Blumenauer Buck Cook Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Rice (SC) Roby Rooney (FL) Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Speier 
b1340 Messrs. CA´RDENAS, LYNCH, RUSH, and FARR changed their votes from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, February 24, 2016, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 85. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Mo-tion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3624. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 238, noes 180, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 86] AYES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.014 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH874 February 24, 2016 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Buck Cook Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Napolitano Roby Rooney (FL) Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier 
b1347 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, February 24, 2016, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 86. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 618—Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3624—Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2015. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing rollcall vote No. 86 on February 24, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I was unable to vote on Wednesday, February 24, 2016, due to important events being held today in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On the motion on ordering the previous question on the rule for consider-ation of H.R. 3624, the Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2015, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On passage of H. Res. 618, the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3624, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 571 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 571. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
f 
MODIFYING AND CONTINUING THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO CUBA AND CON-TINUING TO AUTHORIZE THE REGULATION OF THE ANCHOR-AGE AND MOVEMENT OF VES-SELS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–102) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, including section 1 of title II of Public Law 65–24, ch. 30, June 15, 1917, as amended (50 U.S.C. 191), sections 201, 202, and 301 of the Na-tional Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued a Proclamation to modify and continue the national emergency declared in Proclamations 6867 and 7757. The Proclamation recognizes that certain descriptions of the national emergency set forth in Proclamations 6867 and 7757 no longer reflect the international relations of the United States related to Cuba. Further, the Proclamation recognizes the reestab-lishment of diplomatic relations be-tween the United States and Cuba, and that the United States continues to pursue the progressive normalization of relations while aspiring toward a peaceful, prosperous, and democratic Cuba. The Proclamation clarifies the na-tional emergency related to Cuba and specifically provides the following statements related to U.S. national se-curity and foreign policy: ∑It is U.S. policy that a mass migra-tion from Cuba would endanger the se-curity of the United States by posing a disturbance or threatened disturbance of the international relations of the United States. ∑The unauthorized entry of vessels subject to the jurisdiction of the United States into Cuban territorial waters is in violation of U.S. law and contrary to U.S. policy. ∑The unauthorized entry of U.S.-reg-istered vessels into Cuban territorial waters is detrimental to U.S. foreign policy, and counter to the purpose of Executive Order 12807, which is to en-sure, among other things, safe, orderly, and legal migration. ∑The possibility of large-scale unau-thorized entries of U.S-registered ves-sels would disturb the international re-lations of the United States by facili-tating a possible mass migration of Cuban nationals. I have directed the Secretary of Homeland Security (the ‘‘Secretary’’) to make and issue such rules and regu-lations as the Secretary may find ap-propriate to regulate the anchorage and movement of vessels, and authorize and approve the Secretary’s issuance of such rules and regulations, as author-ized by the Act of June 15, 1917. I am enclosing a copy of the Procla-mation I have issued. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 24, 2016. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.017 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H875 February 24, 2016 
today on additional motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
GULLAH/GEECHEE CULTURAL HERITAGE ACT AMENDMENT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3004) to amend the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to ex-tend the authorization for the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3004 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF THE AUTHORIZATION FOR THE GULLAH/GEECHEE CUL-TURAL HERITAGE CORRIDOR COM-MISSION. 
Section 295D(d) of the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Act (Public Law 109–338; 120 Stat. 1833; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 3004, introduced by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LY-
BURN ), amends the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Act by extending the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commis-sion. The corridor exists to preserve and foster the unique cultural communities formed by Americans of African de-scent along the Atlantic coastal is-lands of four States and that existed in relative isolation for many genera-tions. During those years, a distinct and uniquely American culture evolved, a culture that is gradually slipping from us in the march of the modern world. Although the heritage corridor was authorized through October 12, 2021, the Commission was only authorized through October 12, 2016. Without any legislative change, the corridor will have to be managed by a different, as yet unconstituted, entity. I urge passage of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill simply extends the authorization of the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission from 10 to 15 years. Congress designated the Gullah/ Geechee Heritage Corridor in 2006 to promote and interpret the story of Af-rican Americans known as Gullah/ Geechee who settled along the coast of North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-gia, and Florida. The enabling legislation for the cor-ridor, while providing a 15-year author-ity for technical and financial assist-ance, only gave the identified local co-ordinating entity a 10-year authoriza-tion. This bill matches up the two au-thorities so the Commission can con-tinue its work. I want to thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) for bringing this issue to our attention and all of his work on behalf of the Gullah/ Geechee Heritage Corridor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 3004, which would extend authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission through October of 2021. The low country and sea islands of our southeastern States, including the First Congressional District of Geor-gia, are home to some of our Nation’s most treasured cultures. One of the most unique is the Gullah/Geechee peo-ple. Over the past three centuries, the Gullah/Geechee people have developed and preserved their own distinct lan-guage and culture that retains many of their African traditions. The Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor was created to recognize the cultural contributions of the Gullah/Geechee and to assist in preserving and inter-preting their history, language, folk-lore, art, and music. The Gullah/Geechee Cultural Herit-age Corridor Commission coordinates with local officials and communities to preserve and honor the Gullah/Geechee heritage for years to come. H.R. 3004 would extend the Commis-sion’s authorization for an additional 5 years so that they may continue their mission of preserving the valuable con-tributions of the Gullah/Geechee cul-ture. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ), my distinguished colleague. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3004, a bill that makes a technical change to the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act. Gullah/Geechee is a blend of African and European language, culture, and traditions found along the coast and sea islands of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, where former slaves began their freedom in isolated and remote communities and nurtured unique cultural traditions. The Gullah/Geechee Cultural Herit-age Act, signed into law in 2006, cre-ated the Gullah/Geechee Heritage Cor-ridor to preserve and protect the re-maining vestiges of this living culture, which has been threatened by develop-ment in these coastal communities. Called Gullah in the Carolinas and Geechee in Georgia and Florida, these enclaves of language and culture pro-vide a significant link to African American heritage. As a former history teacher and historic preservation advo-cate, the establishment of the heritage corridor is one of my proudest achieve-ments in Congress. This bill before us corrects a tech-nical issue by extending the authoriza-tion of the Commission created by the original legislation to coincide with the heritage corridor, which runs to 2021. Without this change, the heritage corridor would continue to exist but would need to be managed by a new en-tity, eroding the progress the current Commission has made toward imple-menting its management plan. Enact-ing this legislation will ensure con-tinuity in the management of the cor-ridor so that its mission is carried out as efficiently and effectively as pos-sible. I want to thank the chairman and ranking members of the Committee on Natural Resources and Subcommittee on Federal Lands for their support of this bill and for moving it swiftly to the House floor today for consider-ation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. R
ICE). b1400 Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I thank the distinguished gentleman for yield-ing. The Gullah/Geechee culture is in-fused throughout the low country of South Carolina. In fact, it is a big part of what makes the low country of South Carolina so unique. From Daufuskie on the southern end to Lit-tle River Neck on the northern end, that culture permeates our geography and our people. My father’s family, my grandfather’s family, my brother, and myself were raised in the midst of the Gullah/ Geechee culture. In all of our cities— again, from north to south; in Charles-ton, Myrtle Beach, and Georgetown— you can see those traditions infused throughout those communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.032 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH876 February 24, 2016 
The traditions of the Gullah/Geechee arts, oral history, literature, music, cuisine, and others, have made a dis-tinctive impact on the coastal Carolina culture. Growing up on the coast, I have fond memories of the Gullah/ Geechee people and their way of life. Authorizing the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Corridor Commission is important to preserving and managing the uniqueness of their important tra-ditions. I support the reauthorization of the Commission and the passage of H.R. 3004. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3004. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. NA-TIONAL HISTORICAL PARK ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2880) to redesignate the Mar-tin Luther King, Junior, National His-toric Site in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2880 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. NATIONAL HIS-TORICAL PARK. 
The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to establish the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 96–428) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) of the first section, by striking ‘‘the map entitled ‘Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site Boundary Map’, number 489/80,013B, and dated September 1992’’ and inserting ‘‘the map entitled ‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Proposed Boundary Revision’, numbered 489/128,786 and dated June 2015’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. Na-tional Historical Park’’; (3) by striking ‘‘national historic site’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘national histor-ical park’’; (4) by striking ‘‘historic site’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘historical park’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘historic sites’’ in section 2(a) and inserting ‘‘historical parks’’. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law (other than this Act), map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to ‘‘Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2880, introduced by our colleague, J
OHN LEWIS, redesig-nates the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park. It also au-thorizes the National Park Service to include the Prince Hall Masonic Tem-ple in the Historical Park’s boundaries. The Prince Hall Masonic Temple long served as the headquarters of the Southern Christian Leadership Con-ference. This historic and distinguished civil rights organization was cofounded by Dr. King, who also served as its first president. Including the Prince Hall Masonic Temple within the unit’s boundary allows the National Park Service to provide technical assistance to the building’s owners with respect to repairs, renovations, and mainte-nance that would preserve its historic integrity. It can be said that every American figuratively walks in the footsteps of the American Founders and those who followed them and who perfected their vision. Because of their work, we enjoy the blessings of a free government that exists to protect the God-given natural rights of every person and a free soci-ety where every person will be judged, in Dr. King’s words, ‘‘on the content of his character.’’ Our historical parks give us the op-portunity literally to walk in the foot-steps of these great Americans who have struggled over the centuries to se-cure this vision. Those who gathered around Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in the 1950s walked the streets of this neighborhood, and its preservation gives us and future generations a tan-gible link with them. One of them was our distinguished colleague, Congressman L
EWIS, and I commend him for his work. It is alto-gether fitting that a man who did so much to establish this legacy brings to the House today a bill to further pre-serve it, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2880 is a simple piece of legisla-tion that has broad bipartisan support. The bill will accomplish two primary goals: to redesignate the Martin Lu-ther King, Junior, National Historic Site in Atlanta, Georgia, as a National Historical Park, and to adjust the boundary of the park to include the Prince Hall Masonic Temple. These ac-tions will enhance the ability of the National Park Service and the commu-nity to tell the very important story of Dr. King. The site, which is the final resting place of the great civil rights leader, continues to connect visitors with the historical and contemporary struggles for civil rights in this country. These stories are as relevant today as they were half a century ago. This legisla-tion will provide the site with the prop-er acknowledgment that it deserves. I want to thank Congressman LEWIS, who remains an important civil rights leader, for bringing this important bill forward. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise as the proud sponsor of this legislation. First, let me thank Chairman B
ISHOP , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , and all the staff of the Natural Re-sources Committee for their hard work and support of this act. Mr. Speaker, my bipartisan bill will create the first National Historic Park in the State of Georgia. This technical change from a ‘‘Site’’ to a ‘‘Park’’ will make it easier for the National Park Service to share the history of the American civil rights movement with national and international visitors to Atlanta. These historic spaces are located in my congressional district in downtown Atlanta, on and around Auburn Ave-nue. This is where Dr. King was born and raised, where he was nurtured and taught, where he preached and loved. I was a teenager when I first met Dr. King in 1958, at the age of 18. This con-versation forever changed my life, but I was not the only one. Many, many people were touched by this man’s ge-nius and compassion for all human-kind. Dr. King’s mission was to create the beloved community, a community of justice, a community at peace with itself. Dr. King had the power to bring peo-ple together to do good. His message was love, his weapon was truth, and the method was the way of nonviolence and passive resistance. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., led a nonviolent movement that changed the face of our Nation. He inspired people from all over our country and from all over the world. My simple act will improve the serv-ices and educational opportunities for visitors to this wonderful space and this wonderful piece of history. It will preserve this important part of our his-tory for generations yet unborn. Again, I would like to thank the chair and ranking member for their support, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this simple, commonsense legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.036 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H877 February 24, 2016 
Ms. TSONGAS. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there is no greater voice of the civil rights movement here in this Congress and in this Nation than our dear friend, Congressman J
OHNLEWIS. I am both excited and honored to be able to support this legislation that changes what was a ‘‘Site’’ in its early beginnings to the important designa-tion of a National Historic Park hon-oring Martin Luther King, Jr. I first want to thank J
OHNLEWIS for his conscientious and hard work on be-half of the King family. As I sat here and listened to Congressman L
EWIS re-laying his story, I had the slight privi-lege to have worked for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference on the very street that he has mentioned. After him, I was able to come to the then-offices of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in this historic area. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Ms. TSONGAS. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 2 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. It was a small office where so many historic persons were, in essence, able to walk in the midst of those hallowed streets. Dr. King came. I don’t know whether he parked a car or walked into that office. Of course, we have all of the other sur-rounding areas and other names of his-toric persons that had the ability to walk down those streets and into that area. We take great pride in the preserva-tion of our National Park areas. And I must compliment the National Park Service, because it has a love and affec-tion for all those lands that it takes care of. You can see it when you are able to visit these national sites throughout our country that we have had a chance to visit. In my colleague’s district will be an added place for Dr. Martin Luther King’s resources and things his hands touched. What an appropriate time in our history to be able again to thank this man of peace, of nonviolence, and to remind ourselves that America is really a great country to have given birth to him. Along with the plight and conditions in which he lived in at the time and the conditions which he was subjected to, to our knowledge, he never became embittered. He always, although frustrated at moments, recog-nized love and nonviolence. I hope that with the recognition he will get and the protection of these wonderful assets, people will come there for solace. It will be another place, along with the monument here in Washington, where people will come here for solace and the recognition that nonviolence and peace and the human dignity of all people are virtues of this Nation carried forward by a great and wonderful and heroic lead-er—someone whom I at least had a small moment to be associated with through his organization after his death. And I thank him. I rise today in support of H.R. 2880, the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act.’’ In 1980, Congress passed legislation (P.L. 96–428), establishing the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site. H.R. 2880 redesignates the ‘‘Martin Luther King Junior, National Historic Site’’ as the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park.’’ This name change is important because it recognizes the greater physical extent that the site represents not only for African American history, but American history. This legislation will improve the preservation and ensure the continuous protection of this historic district. When passed, in 1980, the law set the boundaries of the site along a portion of Au-burn Avenue in Atlanta. This area includes the birthplace of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; the Ebenezer Bap-tist Church, where both he and his father preached; and the immediate surrounding area. That law also designated a preservation dis-trict that extended protection beyond the im-mediate neighborhood surrounding the birth-place and church to include the broader Sweet Auburn commercial district. Since 1980, Congress has twice modified the boundaries of the site and preservation district (P.L. 102–575 and P.L. 108–314). H.R. 2880 will extend the boundaries of the site to include the Prince Hall Masonic Tem-ple, which is where the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) established its initial headquarters in 1957. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was a co-founder and the first president of the SCLC. It is fitting that we remember the life and legacy of a man who brought hope and heal-ing to America. The life of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. reminds us that nothing is impossible when we are guided by the better angels of our na-ture. Dr. King walked the walk, going to jail 29 times to achieve freedom for others. He knew he would pay the ultimate price for his leadership, but kept on marching and pro-testing and organizing anyway. It is proper that we remember this man of action, who put his life on the line for freedom and justice every day. So it is fitting that we pass H.R. 2880 and expand, protect, and preserve the Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. National Historic Park so that for generations to come it remains a living memo-rial to the men and women who led the move-ment that helped our nation live up to the true meaning of its creed and inspired non-violent movements for social change the world over. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would urge adoption of the measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2880, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
KOREAN WAR VETERANS MEMO-RIAL WALL OF REMEMBRANCE ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1475) to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1475 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. WALL OF REMEMBRANCE. 
Section 1 of the Act titled ‘‘An Act to author-ize the erection of a memorial on Federal Land in the District of Columbia and its environs to honor members of the Armed Forces of the United States who served in the Korean War’’, approved October 25, 1986 (Public Law 99–572), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such memorial shall include a Wall of Remem-brance, which shall be constructed without the use of Federal funds. The American Battle Monuments Commission shall request and con-sider design recommendations from the Korean War Veterans Memorial Foundation, Inc. for the establishment of the Wall of Remembrance. The Wall of Remembrance shall include— ‘‘(1) a list by name of members of the Armed Forces of the United States who died in theatre in the Korean War; ‘‘(2) the number of members of the Armed Forces of the United States who, in regards to the Korean War— ‘‘(A) were wounded in action; ‘‘(B) are listed as missing in action; or ‘‘(C) were prisoners of war; and ‘‘(3) the number of members of the Korean Augmentation to the United States Army, the Republic of Korea Armed Forces, and the other nations of the United Nations Command who, in regards to the Korean War— ‘‘(A) were killed in action; ‘‘(B) were wounded in action; ‘‘(C) are listed as missing in action; or ‘‘(D) were prisoners of war.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.038 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH878 February 24, 2016 
b1415 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1475, introduced by Congressman S
AMJOHNSON , would per-mit a privately funded addition of a Wall of Remembrance to the Korean War Veterans Memorial. The Wall would list the names of all members of the U.S. Armed Forces who were killed in theater during the Ko-rean war as well as the number of all of the American POWs and MIAs. They call the Korean war America’s forgotten war. During the 3 years of that war, 5.8 million Americans world-wide served in the U.S. armed services, 22 nations fought alongside us to pre-serve the freedom of South Korea. 54,246 Americans died worldwide during this conflict, 8,200 were missing in ac-tion, and an additional 103,284 were wounded. The sacrifice they made and the free-dom they secured for the people of South Korea must never be forgotten. This measure assures the names of the fallen shall live on. This bill comes to us from one of only three Korean war veterans who still serve their country today in this House, the legendary Congressman S
AM J
OHNSON of Texas, from whom we will be hearing shortly. Representatives C
HARLES RANGEL  and J
OHN CONYERS , Jr., also distin-guished themselves in that war, as they have in this House, and are origi-nal cosponsors. I urge passage of the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes the construction of a Wall of Remembrance at the Korean War Veterans Memorial on the National Mall. Similar to the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial, the Wall will list the names of the U.S. military personnel killed in action during the Korean war, along with the number of servicemen and -women wounded in action, listed as missing in action, and those who were listed as prisoners of war. Construction of the current Korean War Veterans Memorial was finished in 1992, and it is considered a complete work of civic art. However, the Korean war veterans’ community has identi-fied the addition of a Wall of Remem-brance as a priority, and they have ad-vocated for legislation to authorize its construction for years. Their hard work and dedication has led to this bill before us today, which is currently cosponsored by 291 Members of the House. The National Park Service, the agen-cy responsible for the management of the current memorial, has expressed concern with the idea of adding a new feature in an area of the National Mall known as the Reserve, where Congress has prohibited the construction of new memorials. As this bill moves forward, I encour-age the sponsors to work with the Na-tional Park Service and other relevant stakeholders to make sure that the new feature complements the current memorial. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, we are all deeply honored to serve in this House with the author of this measure, a genuine hero who served coura-geously in both the Korean and Viet-nam wars and who endured many years of suffering as a prisoner of war in Vietnam. He not only saw the courage and heroism of those who fought in Korea, he was one of them. I am honored to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ). Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start off by thanking my fellow Korean war vet-erans, Congressman C
HARLIE RANGEL  and Congressman J
OHN CONYERS , for their support. I also want to thank Chairman R
OB B
ISHOP , the Natural Resources Com-mittee, and the House leadership for bringing the bill to the floor. Additionally, I want to thank my fel-low Korean war veterans who have tirelessly advocated for this bill. It has been a long time coming. Mr. Speaker, sadly, the Korean war is often referred to as the forgotten war; yet, the magnitude of sacrifice made by Americans during this conflict was enormous. More than 36,000 Americans gave their lives. My fellow Korean war veterans and I believe that the magnitude of this enormous sacrifice is not yet fully con-veyed by the memorial in Washington, D.C. That is where this bill, H.R. 1475, the Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act, comes into play. This bill, which already has the sup-port of over 300 of my colleagues, would allow for the creation of a Wall of Re-membrance at the site of the Korean War Veterans Memorial on the Na-tional Mall. Similar to the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial Wall, the Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance would eternally honor the brave Americans who gave their lives in defense of free-dom during the Korean war. It would list their names as a visual record of their sacrifice. Furthermore, the Wall would also list the total number of all of Amer-ica’s wounded, missing in action, and prisoners of war. As a veteran and POW, I can tell you that these memorials are a special place for servicemembers and their families to pay their respect to fallen comrades and loved ones. As a constitutional conservative who values our great Nation’s history, I be-lieve these memorials also serve as a unique and physical reminder that freedom is not free. Future generations need to know and appreciate the sacrifices made by the servicemembers who fought and died to protect freedom. These memorials can physically convey what oftentimes our words fail to do. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, as a fiscal con-servative, I am proud to say this project will not cost taxpayers one dime. In fact, the cost has been 100 per-cent privately fund-raised, and this bill prohibits any Federal funding for this project. Mr. Speaker, as we remember the service and sacrifice of those who gave their lives in the Korean war, we can only humbly acknowledge that we are the land of the free because of our brave men and women. These heroes are shining examples of everything great that America stands for. I can’t think of a better way to in-dividually honor each man and woman who gave their life in Korea than through this Wall of Remembrance. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AS-
CRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the soldiers who fought to ensure that South Korea could achieve the prosperity and the fulfillment it enjoys today. Without our soldiers, that would not have hap-pened. These soldiers deserve to be rec-ognized for their contributions. That is why I am proud to cosponsor this legislation, which would expand the current Korean War Memorial to include a Wall of Remembrance in our Nation’s Capital. This addition will honor the service and sacrifice of those who fought in the Korean War. I want to thank my good friend and committee mate, Congressman S
AM J
OHNSON , for introducing this legisla-tion and, also, for his heroic military service to our country in both the Ko-rean and Vietnam wars. Through the Speaker, S
AM, we owe you so much, and we could never repay you and the likes of R
ANGEL and C ON-
YERS , et cetera, who put their lives on the line to not only defend America, but to defend the Korean people. In addition to a wall, this legislation will allow us to demonstrate our Na-tion’s appreciation for the service of the Korean Augmentation to the United States Army, the Republic of Korean Armed Forces, and the nations of the United Nations Command, who were killed in action, wounded, listed as missing in action, or were prisoners of war. The Korean War Memorial Wall can ensure that future generations remem-ber and honor the pride and dedication of those who served, the legacy they continued, and the freedom they pre-served. You have heard the numbers about how many folks served, how many of our own brave soldiers and sailors and marines fought in the Korean war: al-most 6 million; over 100,000 were wounded and over 36,000 gave their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.043 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H879 February 24, 2016 
lives. So this is a fitting recognition for those who bravely served in defense of our Nation. I visited my brother-in-law the other day, who lives in a veterans’ nursing home. He was a soldier in the Korean war, a victim. Many in that home fought in the same war, those who are still alive. Talking to them, one thing I noticed is they don’t want to talk about their experiences ever. I remember talking to my brother-in-law, Joe, 30 years ago. He didn’t want to talk about it. His brother, who served there, didn’t want to talk about it. His other brother, Freddie, did not want to talk about it. He served there, also. So this is not only remembrance. More importantly, it is thank you. Thank you so much for what you did. Mr. Speaker, I mentioned their names before, Congressmen R
ANGEL  and C
ONYERS . We owe them so much. I read Congressman R
ANGEL ’s book twice about the experiences that he had in service to our country. We can never forget this. God bless, and I thank them. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
AN-
GEL), a distinguished veteran of the Ko-rean war. Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman for making this possible, Colonel Bill Webb, of the Korean Memorial Foundation, and, of course, my buddies and colleagues, Congressmen J
OHNSON and C ONYERS . Why this is so important to me is not for those who are living, but for the memories of our colleagues who died overseas and whose family have very little to explain as to why they were there. I really think that this Congress and Congresses before us have lost all of the meaning of having the power and the only power to support the declara-tion of war. When I went overseas in 1950, I hadn’t the slightest idea as to why I was going. Quite frankly, I didn’t even know where Korea was. But because of my age and having been in combat, I have received more accolades from the grateful people from the country of South Korea than I deserve. But I know that they are thanking the United States and the United Nations for saving them from coming under communism. I could not possibly have any bad feelings. Indeed, it is a great sense of honor that I could have played some small part in preserving democracy in South Korea, albeit as a volunteer to the Army, but certainly not a volun-teer to go into combat. But the truth of the matter is that we shouldn’t have young men and women being placed in harm’s way in any situation without men and women and their families knowing that they did this because the security of our great Republic was threatened. b1430 Each time I feel heavily and scream out that we should have a draft instead of an All Volunteer Army, I know that it appears as though I am putting a burden on so many people who don’t necessarily want to belong to the mili-tary. But serving our great country is a privilege, and all people should share if indeed there is a threat to our na-tional security. If there isn’t a threat to our national security, there is no reason in the world morally or legally that our troops should be there. So putting up this wall, to me, is symbolic because they can call it the forgotten war. And, believe it or not, after seeing how some of our Vietnam veterans were treated when they came home, you can almost thank God that no one missed you. They didn’t know where you were, or didn’t care about the Korean war, because politics got in the way of how we treated those people who fought, got wounded, and died in Vietnam. Of course, since then, we have had dozens of times where we have heard Members of Congress say that we have to have more boots on the ground, that we can’t win a war by air, that we have to be there, we have to intervene, and we have to show how strong America is. And they know in their hearts that no one from their families, their com-munities, or even anyone they know will be included in that number of Americans that they are asking to go. So I think when you put the names of people who have actually lost their lives, which means destroyed the lives of so many other people who loved them, when you think of those who got wounded, they should at least be able to say what they did for their families, community, and their country. They shouldn’t just be used as pawns on the board to fulfill the political commit-ments of a party or a cause that doesn’t involve the security of the United States. Maybe, just maybe, when people come to sightsee, and they see the names of people that they don’t know, it could remind them that these are not just human beings; these are Americans who had the same dreams as they did, except they made a sacrifice. So let me laud and thank the Mem-bers of Congress that have caused the casualties of the forgotten war not to be forgotten. Let us try to do some-thing about those that follow those of us that were in combat in Korea and explain how wrong we were in Vietnam and we should have said, never, never, never again. Let us look at the ways we have just sent troops who, like me, saw the flag go up and heard the President say that we have to go, and we never asked, and we couldn’t legitimately ask why, but we did. Let us preserve the American lives for those causes that at least if they don’t come back home or they don’t come back normal, that we can say that it was protecting the flag, it was protecting our country, and it was protecting our national security. Right now, with all the fears we have that are going on in the Middle East, I am not certain whether or not that will impact our great country, but I am prepared to listen to those who know better than I. And if, indeed, there is a threat to our country, then everyone should be prepared to be called, even by lottery, because it is not just for the wealthy and the educated to be ex-cluded. It shouldn’t be just those who need a job that get the opportunity to defend our country. But every time you say ‘‘troops on the ground,’’ ‘‘boots on the ground,’’ ‘‘lives on the ground,’’ I truly think that just putting their names on a memorial wall should mean something for generations that follow. I hope and pray that we don’t have names that go on boards. But if there is a reminder of how many people died over the years to keep this country great, let us be in the position as a Congress to say that we know specifi-cally why they died and we gave them all the support that they needed to make the sacrifice. Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we remember those who died in the war and those who served in the war be-cause their achievement remains alive today. It is personified in a free and prosperous Republic of Korea that has been a beacon of hope to the oppressed people throughout the Asian Continent and a steady counterbalance to the ma-lignant presence of the North Korean dictatorship. From the dais in this Chamber, Douglas MacArthur paid tribute to these brave souls with these words. He said: ‘‘I have just left your fighting sons in Korea. They have met all tests there, and I can report to you without reservation that they are splendid in every way . . . Those gallant men will remain often in my thoughts and in my prayers always.’’ And so should they with us. This bill assures that this will not be a forgot-ten war, and our honored dead will not be forgotten by name. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1475, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INDIAN TRUST ASSET REFORM ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.044 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH880 February 24, 2016 
bill (H.R. 812) to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 812 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Trust Asset Reform Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—RECOGNITION OF TRUST RESPONSIBILITY Sec. 101. Findings. Sec. 102. Reaffirmation of policy. TITLE II—INDIAN TRUST ASSET MAN-AGEMENT DEMONSTRATION PROJECT Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Definitions. Sec. 203. Establishment of demonstration project; selection of partici-pating Indian Tribes. Sec. 204. Indian trust asset management plan. Sec. 205. Forest land management and sur-face leasing activities. Sec. 206. Effect of title. TITLE III—IMPROVING EFFICIENCY AND STREAMLINING PROCESSES Sec. 301. Purpose. Sec. 302. Definitions. Sec. 303. Under Secretary for Indian Affairs. Sec. 304. Office of Special Trustee for Amer-ican Indians. Sec. 305. Appraisals and valuations. Sec. 306. Cost savings. TITLE I—RECOGNITION OF TRUST RESPONSIBILITY 
SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) there exists a unique relationship be-tween the Government of the United States and the governments of Indian tribes; (2) there exists a unique Federal responsi-bility to Indians; (3) through treaties, statutes, and histor-ical relations with Indian tribes, the United States has undertaken a unique trust respon-sibility to protect and support Indian tribes and Indians; (4) the fiduciary responsibilities of the United States to Indians also are founded in part on specific commitments made through written treaties and agreements securing peace, in exchange for which Indians have surrendered claims to vast tracts of land, which provided legal consideration for per-manent, ongoing performance of Federal trust duties; and (5) the foregoing historic Federal-tribal re-lations and understandings have benefitted the people of the United States as a whole for centuries and have established enduring and enforceable Federal obligations to which the national honor has been committed. 
SEC. 102. REAFFIRMATION OF POLICY. 
Pursuant to the constitutionally vested authority of Congress over Indian affairs, Congress reaffirms that the responsibility of the United States to Indian tribes includes a duty to promote tribal self-determination re-garding governmental authority and eco-nomic development. TITLE II—INDIAN TRUST ASSET MANAGE-MENT DEMONSTRATION PROJECT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Trust Asset Management Demonstration Project Act of 2016’’. SEC. 202. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). (2) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘Project’’ means the Indian trust asset management dem-onstration project established under section 203(a). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 203. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEMONSTRATION PROJECT; SELECTION OF PARTICI-PATING INDIAN TRIBES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish and carry out an Indian trust asset management demonstration project, in ac-cordance with this title. (b) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPATING INDIAN  T
RIBES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe shall be eligible to participate in the project if— (A) the Indian tribe submits to the Sec-retary an application under subsection (c); and (B) the Secretary approves the application of the Indian tribe. (2) N
OTICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide a written notice to each Indian tribe ap-proved to participate in the project. (B) C
ONTENTS .—A notice under subpara-graph (A) shall include— (i) a statement that the application of the Indian tribe has been approved by the Sec-retary; and (ii) a requirement that the Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary a proposed In-dian trust asset management plan in accord-ance with section 204. (c) A
PPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to partici-pate in the project, an Indian tribe shall sub-mit to the Secretary a written application in accordance with paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall consider an application under this subsection only if the application— (A) includes a copy of a resolution or other appropriate action by the governing body of the Indian tribe, as determined by the Sec-retary, in support of or authorizing the ap-plication; (B) is received by the Secretary after the date of enactment of this Act; and (C) states that the Indian tribe is request-ing to participate in the project. (d) D
URATION .—The project— (1) shall remain in effect for a period of 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act; but (2) may be extended at the discretion of the Secretary. 
SEC. 204. INDIAN TRUST ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
(a) P ROPOSED PLAN.— (1) S
UBMISSION .—After the date on which an Indian tribe receives a notice from the Secretary under section 203(b)(2), the Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary a pro-posed Indian trust asset management plan in accordance with paragraph (2). (2) C
ONTENTS .—A proposed Indian trust asset management plan shall include provi-sions that— (A) identify the trust assets that will be subject to the plan; (B) establish trust asset management ob-jectives and priorities for Indian trust assets that are located within the reservation, or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction, of the Indian tribe; (C) allocate trust asset management fund-ing that is available for the Indian trust as-sets subject to the plan in order to meet the trust asset management objectives and pri-orities; (D) if the Indian tribe has contracted or compacted functions or activities under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) relating to the management of trust assets— (i) identify the functions or activities that are being or will be performed by the Indian tribe under the contracts, compacts, or other agreements under that Act, which may in-clude any of the surface leasing or forest land management activities authorized by the proposed plan pursuant to section 205(b); and (ii) describe the practices and procedures that the Indian tribe will follow; (E) establish procedures for nonbinding mediation or resolution of any dispute be-tween the Indian tribe and the United States relating to the trust asset management plan; (F) include a process for the Indian tribe and the Federal agencies affected by the trust asset management plan to conduct evaluations to ensure that trust assets are being managed in accordance with the plan; and (G) identify any Federal regulations that will be superseded by the plan. (3) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND INFORMA -
TION.—On receipt of a written request from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall provide to the Indian tribe any technical assistance and information, including budgetary infor-mation, that the Indian tribe determines to be necessary for preparation of a proposed plan. (b) A
PPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF PRO-
POSED PLANS .— (1) A
PPROVAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which an Indian tribe sub-mits a proposed Indian trust asset manage-ment plan under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall approve or disapprove the pro-posed plan. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall approve a proposed plan un-less the Secretary determines that— (i) the proposed plan fails to address a re-quirement under subsection (a)(2); (ii) the proposed plan includes 1 or more provisions that are inconsistent with sub-section (c); or (iii) the cost of implementing the proposed plan exceeds the amount of funding available for the management of trust assets that would be subject to the proposed plan. (2) A
CTION ON DISAPPROVAL .— (A) N
OTICE .—If the Secretary disapproves a proposed plan under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall provide to the Indian tribe a written notice of the disapproval, including any reason why the proposed plan was dis-approved. (B) A
CTION BY TRIBES .—If a proposed plan is disapproved under paragraph (1)(B), the In-dian tribe may resubmit an amended pro-posed plan by not later than 90 days after the date on which the Indian tribe receives the notice under subparagraph (A). (3) F
AILURE TO APPROVE OR DISAPPROVE .—If the Secretary fails to approve or disapprove a proposed plan in accordance with para-graph (1), the plan shall be considered to be approved. (4) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—An Indian tribe may seek judicial review of a determination of the Secretary under this subsection in ac-cordance with subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’), if— (A) the Secretary disapproves the proposed plan of the Indian tribe under paragraph (1); and (B) the Indian tribe has exhausted all other administrative remedies available to the In-dian tribe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.046 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H881 February 24, 2016 
(c) A PPLICABLE LAWS.—Subject to section 205, an Indian trust asset management plan, and any activity carried out under the plan, shall not be approved unless the proposed plan is consistent with any treaties, stat-utes, and Executive orders that are applica-ble to the trust assets, or the management of the trust assets, identified in the plan. (d) T
ERMINATION OF PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe may ter-minate an Indian trust asset management plan on any date after the date on which a proposed Indian trust asset management plan is approved by providing to the Sec-retary— (A) a notice of the intent of the Indian tribe to terminate the plan; and (B) a resolution of the governing body of the Indian tribe authorizing the termination of the plan. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—A termination of an Indian trust asset management plan under paragraph (1) takes effect on October 1 of the first fiscal year following the date on which a notice is provided to the Secretary under paragraph (1)(A). 
SEC. 205. FOREST LAND MANAGEMENT AND SUR-FACE LEASING ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
OREST LAND MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .— The term ‘‘forest land management activity’’ means any activity described in section 304(4) of the National Indian Forest Re-sources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3103(4)). (2) I
NTERESTED PARTY .—The term ‘‘inter-ested party’’ means an Indian or non-Indian individual, entity, or government the inter-ests of which could be adversely affected by a tribal trust land leasing decision made by an applicable Indian tribe. (3) S
URFACE LEASING TRANSACTION .—The term ‘‘surface leasing transaction’’ means a residential, business, agricultural, or wind or solar resource lease of land the title to which is held— (A) in trust by the United States for the benefit of an Indian tribe; or (B) in fee by an Indian tribe, subject to re-strictions against alienation under Federal law. (b) A
PPROVAL BY SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary may approve an Indian trust asset management plan that includes a provision authorizing the Indian tribe to enter into, approve, and carry out a surface leasing transaction or forest land management ac-tivity without approval of the Secretary, re-gardless of whether the surface leasing transaction or forest land management ac-tivity would require such an approval under otherwise applicable law (including regula-tions), if— (1) the resolution or other action of the governing body of the Indian tribe referred to in section 203(c)(2)(A) expressly authorizes the inclusion of the provision in the Indian trust asset management plan; and (2) the Indian tribe has adopted regulations expressly incorporated by reference into the Indian trust asset management plan that— (A) with respect to a surface leasing trans-action— (i) have been approved by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (h)(4) of the first sec-tion of the Act of August 9, 1955 (25 U.S.C. 415(h)(4)); or (ii) have not yet been approved by the Sec-retary in accordance with clause (i), but that the Secretary determines at or prior to the time of approval under this paragraph meet the requirements of subsection (h)(3) of the first section of that Act (25 U.S.C. 415(h)(3)); or (B) with respect to forest land manage-ment activities, the Secretary determines— (i) are consistent with the regulations of the Secretary adopted under the National In-dian Forest Resources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.); and (ii) provide for an environmental review process that includes— (I) the identification and evaluation of any significant effects of the proposed action on the environment; and (II) a process consistent with the regula-tions referred to in clause (i) for ensuring that— (aa) the public is informed of, and has a reasonable opportunity to comment on, any significant environmental impacts of the proposed forest land management activity identified by the Indian tribe; and (bb) the Indian tribe provides responses to relevant and substantive public comments on any such impacts before the Indian tribe approves the forest land management activ-ity. (c) TYPES OF TRANSACTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the discretion of the Indian tribe, an Indian trust asset manage-ment plan may authorize the Indian tribe to carry out a surface leasing transaction, a forest land management activity, or both. (2) S
ELECTION OF SPECIFIC TRANSACTIONS  
AND ACTIVITIES .—At the discretion of the In-dian tribe, the Indian tribe may include in the integrated resource management plan any 1 or more of the transactions and activi-ties authorized to be included in the plan under subsection (b). (d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-vide technical assistance, on request of an Indian tribe, for development of a regulatory environmental review process required under subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii). (2) I
NDIAN SELF -DETERMINATION AND EDU -
CATION ASSISTANCE ACT .—The technical as-sistance to be provided by the Secretary pur-suant to paragraph (1) may be made avail-able through contracts, grants, or agree-ments entered into in accordance with, and made available to entities eligible for, con-tracts, grants, or agreements under the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). (e) F
EDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .— Notwithstanding subsection (b), if an Indian tribe carries out a project or activity funded by a Federal agency, the Indian tribe shall have the authority to rely on the environ-mental review process of the applicable Fed-eral agency, rather than any tribal environ-mental review process under this section. (f) D
OCUMENTATION .—If an Indian tribe exe-cutes a surface leasing transaction or forest land management activity, pursuant to trib-al regulations under subsection (b)(2), the In-dian tribe shall provide to the Secretary (1) a copy of the surface leasing trans-action or forest land management activity documents, including any amendments to, or renewals of, the applicable transaction; and (2) in the case of tribal regulations, a sur-face leasing transaction, or forest land man-agement activities that allow payments to be made directly to the Indian tribe, docu-mentation of the payments that is sufficient to enable the Secretary to discharge the trust responsibility of the United States under subsection (g). (g) T
RUST RESPONSIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The United States shall not be liable for losses sustained— (A) by an Indian tribe as a result of the execution of any forest land management ac-tivity pursuant to tribal regulations under subsection (b); or (B) by any party to a lease executed pursu-ant to tribal regulations under subsection (b). (2) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .—Pursuant to the authority of the Secretary to fulfill the trust obligation of the United States to In-dian tribes under Federal law (including reg-ulations), the Secretary may, on reasonable notice from the applicable Indian tribe and at the discretion of the Secretary, enforce the provisions of, or cancel, any lease exe-cuted by the Indian tribe under this section. (h) COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An interested party, after exhausting any applicable tribal remedies, may submit to the Secretary a petition, at such time and in such form as the Secretary determines to be appropriate, to review the compliance of an applicable Indian tribe with any tribal regulations approved by the Secretary under this subsection. (2) V
IOLATIONS .—If the Secretary deter-mines under paragraph (1) that a violation of tribal regulations has occurred, the Sec-retary may take any action the Secretary determines to be necessary to remedy the violation, including rescinding the approval of the tribal regulations and reassuming re-sponsibility for the approval of leases of trib-al trust land. (3) D
OCUMENTATION .—If the Secretary de-termines under paragraph (1) that a viola-tion of tribal regulations has occurred and a remedy is necessary, the Secretary shall— (A) make a written determination with re-spect to the regulations that have been vio-lated; (B) provide to the applicable Indian tribe a written notice of the alleged violation, to-gether with the written determination; and (C) prior to the exercise of any remedy, the rescission of the approval of the regulation involved, or the reassumption of the trust asset transaction approval responsibilities, provide to the applicable Indian tribe— (i) a hearing on the record; and (ii) a reasonable opportunity to cure the alleged violation. 
SEC. 206. EFFECT OF TITLE. 
(a) L IABILITY .—Subject to section 205 and this section, nothing in this title or an In-dian trust asset management plan approved under section 204 shall independently dimin-ish, increase, create, or otherwise affect the liability of the United States or an Indian tribe participating in the project for any loss resulting from the management of an Indian trust asset under an Indian trust asset man-agement plan. (b) D
EVIATION FROM STANDARD PRAC-
TICES .—The United States shall not be liable to any party (including any Indian tribe) for any term of, or any loss resulting from the terms of, an Indian trust asset management plan that provides for management of a trust asset at a less-stringent standard than the Secretary would otherwise require or adhere to in absence of an Indian trust asset man-agement plan. (c) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION OF PLAN.—Sub- section (b) applies to losses resulting from a transaction or activity described in that sub-section even if the Indian trust asset man-agement plan is terminated under section 204(d) or rescinded under section 205(h). (d) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tions 204 and 205 and subsection (e), nothing in this title amends or otherwise affects the application of any treaty, statute, regula-tion, or Executive order that is applicable to Indian trust assets or the management or ad-ministration of Indian trust assets. (2) I
NDIAN SELF -DETERMINATION ACT .—Noth- ing in this title limits or otherwise affects the authority of an Indian tribe, including an Indian tribe participating in the project, to enter into and carry out a contract, com-pact, or other agreement under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) (including regulations). (e) S
EPARATE APPROVAL .—An Indian tribe may submit to the Secretary tribal regula-tions described in section 205(b) governing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.026 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH882 February 24, 2016 
forest land management activities for review and approval under this title if the Indian tribe does not submit or intend to submit an Indian trust asset management plan. (f) T
RUST RESPONSIBILITY .—Nothing in this title enhances, diminishes, or otherwise af-fects the trust responsibility of the United States to Indian tribes or individual Indians. TITLE III—IMPROVING EFFICIENCY AND STREAMLINING PROCESSES 
SEC. 301. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to ensure a more efficient and streamlined administra-tion of duties of the Secretary of the Interior with respect to providing services and pro-grams to Indians and Indian tribes, including the management of Indian trust resources. 
SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) BIA.—The term ‘‘BIA’’ means the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of the Interior. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (4) U
NDER SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Under Secretary’’ means the Under Secretary for Indian Affairs established under section 303(a). 
SEC. 303. UNDER SECRETARY FOR INDIAN AF-FAIRS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF POSITION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary may establish in the Department the position of Under Secretary for Indian Af-fairs, who shall report directly to the Sec-retary. (b) A
PPOINTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Under Secretary shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs on the date of enactment of this Act may as-sume the position of Under Secretary with-out appointment under paragraph (1), if— (A) that individual was appointed as As-sistant Secretary for Indian Affairs by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate; and (B) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary ap-proves the assumption. (c) D
UTIES .—In addition to any other du-ties directed by the Secretary, the Under Secretary shall— (1) coordinate with the Special Trustee for American Indians to ensure an orderly tran-sition of the functions of the Special Trustee to one or more appropriate agencies, offices, or bureaus within the Department, as deter-mined by the Secretary; (2) to the maximum extent practicable, su-pervise and coordinate activities and policies of the BIA with activities and policies of— (A) the Bureau of Reclamation; (B) the Bureau of Land Management; (C) the Office of Natural Resources Rev-enue; (D) the National Park Service; and (E) the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and (3) provide for regular consultation with Indians and Indian tribes that own interests in trust resources and trust fund accounts. (d) P
ERSONNEL PROVISIONS .— (1) A
PPOINTMENTS .—The Under Secretary may appoint and fix the compensation of such officers and employees as the Under Secretary determines to be necessary to carry out any function transferred under this section. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as otherwise provided by law— (A) any officer or employee described in paragraph (1) shall be appointed in accord-ance with the civil service laws; (B) the compensation of such an officer or employee shall be fixed in accordance with title 5, United States Code; and (C) in appointing or otherwise hiring any employee, the Under Secretary shall give preference to Indians in accordance with sec-tion 12 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 472). SEC. 304. OFFICE OF SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR AMERICAN INDIANS. 
(a) I NFORMATION TO CONGRESS .—Notwith- standing sections 302 and 303 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4042 and 4043), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prepare and, after consultation with Indian tribes and ap-propriate Indian organizations, submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, and the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate— (1) an identification of all functions, other than the collection, management, and in-vestment of Indian trust funds, that the Of-fice of the Special Trustee performs inde-pendently or in concert with the BIA or other Federal agencies, specifically those functions that affect or relate to manage-ment of nonmonetary trust resources; (2) a description of any functions of the Of-fice of the Special Trustee that will be transitioned to other bureaus or agencies within the Department prior to the termi-nation date of the Office, as described in paragraph (3), together with the timeframes for those transfers; and (3) a transition plan and timetable for the termination of the Office of the Special Trustee, to occur not later than 2 years after the date of submission, unless the Secretary determines than an orderly transition can-not be accomplished within 2 years, in which case the Secretary shall include— (A) a statement of all reasons why the transition cannot be effected within that time; and (B) an alternative date for completing the transition. (b) F
IDUCIARY TRUST OFFICERS .—Subject to applicable law and regulations, the Sec-retary, at the request of an Indian tribe or a consortium of Indian tribes, shall include fi-duciary trust officers in a contract, compact, or other agreement under the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). (c) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section or the submission required by this section— (1) shall cause the Office of the Special Trustee to terminate; or (2) affect the application of sections 302 and 303 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 4042 and 4043). 
SEC. 305. APPRAISALS AND VALUATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 304, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with Indian tribes and tribal or-ganizations, shall ensure that appraisals and valuations of Indian trust property are ad-ministered by a single bureau, agency, or other administrative entity within the De-partment. (b) M
INIMUM QUALIFICATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and publish in the Federal Register minimum qualifications for individuals to prepare ap-praisals and valuations of Indian trust prop-erty. (c) S
ECRETARIAL APPROVAL .—In any case in which an Indian tribe or Indian beneficiary submits to the Secretary an appraisal or valuation that satisfies the minimum quali-fications described in subsection (b), and that submission acknowledges the intent of the Indian tribe or beneficiary to have the appraisal or valuation considered under this section, the appraisal or valuation— (1) shall not require any additional review or approval by the Secretary; and (2) shall be considered to be final for pur-poses of effectuating the transaction for which the appraisal or valuation is required. SEC. 306. COST SAVINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For any program, func-tion, service, or activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) of the Office of the Special Trustee that will not be operated or carried out as a result of a transfer of functions and personnel fol-lowing enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) identify the amounts that the Secretary would otherwise have expended to operate or carry out each program, function, service, and activity (or portion of a program, func-tion, service, or activity); and (2) provide to the tribal representatives of the Tribal-Interior Budget Council or the representative of any other appropriate enti-ty that advises the Secretary on Indian pro-gram budget or funding issues a list that de-scribes— (A) the programs, functions, services, and activities (or any portion of a program, func-tion, service, or activity) identified under paragraph (1); and (B) the amounts associated with each pro-gram, function, service, and activity (or por-tion of a program, function, service, or activ-ity). (b) T
RIBAL RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of a list under subsection (a)(2), the tribal represent-atives of the Tribal-Interior Budget Council and the representatives of any other appro-priate entities that advise the Secretary on Indian program budget or funding issues may provide recommendations regarding how any amounts or cost savings should be reallo-cated, incorporated into future budget re-quests, or appropriated to— (1) the Secretary; (2) the Office of Management and Budget; (3) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (4) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (6) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.026 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H883 February 24, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 812, which is sponsored by our re-spected colleague from Idaho, Con-gressman S
IMPSON . This measure re-forms tribal sovereignty made to America’s Indian nations. Specifically, this bill provides new authority to tribal governments to manage and develop their trust assets according to their own best judgment and the wishes of their own constitu-encies rather than an historically inept and often clueless bureaucracy in Washington. These nations are either sovereign or they are not, and the es-sence of sovereignty is self-determina-tion. Under this act, participating tribes will have the option of entering into disagreements with the Department of the Interior to take over management of the resources within their own juris-dictions. This bill also builds upon other congressional initiatives like the HEARTH Act of 2012, which deferred to a tribe’s own judgment about what is in the best interests for their own lands. This bill has strong bipartisan sup-port both here in the House as well as the U.S. Senate. Additionally, the bill is supported by the National Congress of American Indians, Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, the Intertribal Timber Council, and the Af-filiated Tribes of Northwest Indians, which include 57 tribal governments in Oregon, Idaho, Washington, southeast Alaska, northern California, and Mon-tana. I urge passage of the bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 812 will take an important step in fulfilling our fidu-ciary responsibility to Indian tribes by modernizing the Indian trust asset management system. The Indian Trust Asset Reform Act will streamline the bureaucratic proc-ess that has often been a hindrance to successful trust management, while also rightfully giving tribes the options to manage their own assets. Through the trust asset demonstra-tion project created in the bill, tribes can, at their own election, develop asset management plans with the Sec-retary of the Interior in order to better manage and develop their lands and natural resources. As has been shown time and time again, tribal governments are the ones best suited to make decisions for their own people and their own communities. Additionally, while the Office of the Special Trustee, or OST, has imple-mented positive reforms since its cre-ation in 1994, the time has come to transition to a more modern, efficient, and accountable system for the man-agement of Indian trust resources. To that end, H.R. 812 would consoli-date the functions of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs and the OST into one of-fice within the Department of the Inte-rior, headed by a new undersecretary of Indian Affairs. Mr. Speaker, we fully support H.R. 812, and I urge its swift adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ), the author of this measure and an indefatigable fighter for the Indian nations of our country. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the full committee chair-man, Mr. B
ISHOP ; the ranking member, Mr. G
RIJALVA ; the subcommittee chair-man, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , and the ranking member, Ms. T
SONGAS , for considering this bill. The relationship between Native Americans and the United States Gov-ernment is complicated, not well un-derstood, and filled with inconsist-encies. Today Indian Country faces a number of serious challenges, ranging from addressing abject poverty to try-ing to promote economic development in the face of inefficient bureaucracy. The Federal Government has a trust responsibility to meet its commit-ments to Indian Country. Yet in many cases, Federal agencies hinder, rather than help, tribes provide for their members. This is illustrated by the set-tlement of the Cobell litigation and the scores of tribal trust lawsuits over the past few years, which have cost tax-payers more than $5.5 billion. A number of tribes, including many in the Northwest, have been working to address some of the challenges that they face in managing tribal trust as-sets. Many tribes are capable of effec-tively and efficiently managing their own assets—and often are better equipped to do so than the agencies currently responsible for that manage-ment. Yet, in order to have a say in how these assets are managed, they must swim upstream against a mud-dled Federal bureaucracy. This is why I introduced H.R. 812, the Indian Trust Asset Reform Act. This legislation had its origins with the tribes themselves, which is where Con-gress should always start when it takes up issues affecting Indian Country. H.R. 812 was developed and has been en-dorsed by the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, the National Con-gress of American Indians, the United South & Eastern Tribes, the Intertribal Timber Council, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. H.R. 812 will do several things to modernize the Federal Government’s role in managing Indian trust property. First, it would establish a voluntary demonstration project to give Indian tribes more control over the manage-ment of their trust assets. This will provide Indian tribes with new flexi-bility to direct management of these assets under tribal standards rather than Federal standards that are often outdated and inefficient. As part of the negotiated demonstra-tion project, Indian tribes would be able to conduct forest management ac-tivities on their own tribal lands through a process similar to the HEARTH Act of 2012, which the admin-istration has strongly supported and has proven successful in promoting tribal self-determination and self-gov-ernance. H.R. 812 would also authorize the In-dian tribes and Indian beneficiaries, on a voluntary basis, to obtain appraisals of their trust property without having to wait for the Department of the Inte-rior to approve them. This new author-ity would provide relief to all in Indian Country who currently endure lengthy delays in selling or leasing their trust land while they wait for the Depart-ment to review and approve appraisals. Finally, the bill would direct the Secretary of the Interior to consult with Indian Country and provide cer-tain information to Congress about the Office of the Special Trustee. OST was originally intended as a temporary en-tity to oversee certain financial re-forms of Indian trust funds at the De-partment of the Interior. More than 20 years later, OST has significant in-volvement in the day-to-day trans-actions. Tribes have long complained about the miscommunications, delays, and inefficiencies that result from try-ing to navigate the processes of both OST and the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The information the bill requires the Secretary to provide will assist Con-gress in determining the future of OST. It is worth noting that this bill has undergone a number of changes since introduction. The bill has been revised to incorporate input not only from the committees of jurisdiction in both Chambers, but also from the Depart-ment of the Interior, the Department of Justice, tribal organizations, and in-dividual Indian tribes. The Congressional Budget Office has found that H.R. 812 would not affect the Federal Government’s overall costs. I would also point out that H.R. 812 is a voluntary program intended to pro-vide tribes with new flexibility to pro-mote economic development. Where tribes are not willing or able to take on these responsibilities, they will not have to. H.R. 812 is just one aspect in a larger conversation on improving the man-agement of tribal trust assets. If en-acted into law, this bill would be an important step in providing tribes with the autonomy they need to manage their assets and spur economic growth in their communities. I want to thank Chairman M
CCLIN-
TOCK and his committee, and Chairmen B
ISHOP and Y OUNG and their staffs for their work on this bill. They have held two hearings and graciously taken input from tribes and the administra-tion, which is why we are here today with this legislation. b1445 Finally, I want to thank the tribes that have offered their expertise in the crafting of this bill. Just like the in-tentions of the underlying bill, Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.047 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH884 February 24, 2016 
Country deserves to be in the driver’s seat when making decisions about their own future. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to support H.R. 812, the Indian Trust Asset Reform Act, and I commend it to you for your positive consideration. When you stop and think about it, this word ‘‘trust’’ actually has two pretty distinct meanings. It can be the belief that someone or something is honest, trustworthy, the belief that you can take them at their word. On the other hand, ‘‘trust’’ can also be a financial or a property arrange-ment. A trust is legally held or man-aged by someone else. It could be for your kids or your grandkids or any beneficiary. But the irony is a trust in the prop-erty management sense is that that often arises out of a lack of trust, as in honesty, when it comes to the person or source receiving the money. It is not a check handed over. It is a financial arrangement with conditions or re-quirements. When it comes to Indian Country, they have plenty of historical reasons to lack trust when it comes to the Fed-eral Government; but, the Federal Gov-ernment does not have reasons to not trust Indian Country’s ability to man-age their own resources, and natural resources are what have always been the most important asset in Indian Country. The Indian Trust Asset Reform Act is based on the simple notion that Indian Country prospers when tribes have the opportunity to make their own deci-sions and chart their own paths. This is what self-determination looks like. This is what sovereignty looks like. Many tribes, particularly those in my home State of Washington, are among the largest employers and nat-ural resource managers in the entire region. Tribes in the Pacific Northwest have an abundance of trust resources on their land, from timber to range-land, to fishery resources. These tribes count on the ability to make decisions quickly to adjust to changing circumstances and to main-tain vibrant communities for their members and the region as a whole. H.R. 812 advances this idea by giving tribes new authority to propose and enter into management plans with the Department of Interior, plans that put the tribes in the driver’s seat. H.R. 812 also returns more control to tribal members, who are often frus-trated by, as has been noted earlier, years-long delays that they must go through in obtaining Federal approval to sell or lease or otherwise manage their trust lands. H.R. 812 would give individuals and tribes a new option to complete these transactions without having to wait for the Department of Interior to go through all that lengthy review and ap-proval process. Accordingly, it will save time, it will save money, but, most importantly, it will allow the tribes to make their own decisions about how to use their his-toric lands. When we find commonsense fixes like this, we restore some of the trust, in the first meaning of the word, and build upon the trust that is already there. Twenty-seven years ago, if I may make a personal note, I had the privi-lege to join the office of Governor Booth Gardner in a role that would quickly become chief of staff. Fairly shortly, we signed off on a document known as the Centennial Accord. My good friend and colleague from Wash-ington State will recall it well. Basically, it was the first memori-alization in the history of the United States that recognized the govern-ment-to-government relationship be-tween the tribes and the State of Wash-ington. I have said regularly since, in an intermittent public service career ex-tending back 40-some years, I have no higher point of pride than the small role I played in that, lo, those many years ago. Accordingly, I would like to thank Congressman S
IMPSON very much for his leadership on this bill and for al-lowing me the privilege to be the Democratic lead cosponsor. I would like to add my expression of gratitude to Chairman M
CCLINTOCK and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) as well as our ranking member, all those involved. I would like to thank the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians and its Trust Reform Committee. Let it not go unsaid that there was a decade of work leading up to today, a decade of work. ‘‘Sovereignty’’ means sovereignty. ‘‘Government-to-government’’ means just exactly that. The fact of the mat-ter is we have a moral and a legal and sometimes a treaty obligation to fulfill that government-to-government rela-tionship. It is the right thing to do. It is in that spirit that I submit H.R. 812 for your favorable consideration. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), my colleague on the Nat-ural Resources Committee. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for yielding. Mr. Speaker, last summer more than 400,000 acres of tribal land in the Northwest burned with the Colville and the Yakama Tribes, which are in my district, enduring the worst fire season in a generation. The Colville Indian Reservation alone saw 250,000 acres burned, con-sumed, by that blaze, much of which consisted of commercial timber. The Indian Trust Asset Reform Act, H.R. 812, will authorize Indian tribes on a voluntary basis to carry out forest management activities on their own tribal lands without requiring review and approval by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. It will allow the Colville, the Yakama, and other tribes across the West to move salvage log sales more quickly than is possible under the cur-rent BIA process. Providing tribes who maintain their timber resources with the authority to make these management decisions will expedite on-the-ground activity and open new doors to attract investment. In fact, I would argue that we should also give more control to States and lo-calities in addition to these tribes. The new authority derived in H.R. 812 will provide additional benefits to tribes with timber resources. The Colville Tribe has been attempting to reopen a sawmill in Omak, Wash-ington, also in my district, since 2009. One of the primary impediments to reopening has been the BIA’s unwill-ingness to approve longer term agree-ments between the tribe and third- party investors. This new authority in this bill will allow tribes to enter into these type of agreements on their own, resulting in the creation of additional jobs as well as economic activity. Last September, while catastrophic wildfires continued to burn across cen-tral Washington, Secretary Jewell vis-ited the Colville Reservation and saw the devastation firsthand. Mr. Speaker, before the next fire season begins, sig-nificant resources will be needed to re-plant these forests as well as rehabili-tate these landscapes. The administration has not done enough to provide these tribes with the resources they need. We must correct that. We must make this change in order to ensure that these forests can continue to be a viable and productive resource for the tribes and commu-nities in my district, my State, and the rest of the country. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 812, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KENNESAW MOUNTAIN NATIONAL BATTLEFIELD PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3371) to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.048 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H885 February 24, 2016 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3371 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Bound-ary Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Kennesaw Mountain National Battle-field Park was authorized as a unit of the National Park System on June 26, 1935. Prior to 1935, parts of the park had been acquired and protected by Civil War veterans and the War Department. (2) Kennesaw Mountain National Battle-field Park protects Kennesaw Mountain and Kolb’s Farm, which are battle sites along the route of General Sherman’s 1864 campaign to take Atlanta. (3) Most of the park protects Confederate positions and strategy. The Wallis House is one of the few original structures remaining from the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain asso-ciated with Union positions and strategy. (4) The Wallis House is strategically lo-cated next to a Union signal station at Harriston Hill. 
SEC. 3. BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT; LAND ACQUISI-TION; ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) B OUNDARY ADJUSTMENT .—The boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battle-field Park is modified to include the approxi-mately 8 acres identified as ‘‘Wallis House and Harriston Hill’’, and generally depicted on the map titled ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain Na-tional Battlefield Park, Proposed Boundary Adjustment’’, numbered 325/80,020, and dated February 2010. (b) M
AP.—The map referred to in sub-section (a) shall be on file and available for inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (c) L
AND ACQUISITION .—The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire, from willing owners only, land or interests in land described in subsection (a) by donation or ex-change. (d) A
DMINISTRATION OF ACQUIRED LANDS .— The Secretary of the Interior shall admin-ister land and interests in land acquired under this section as part of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park in ac-cordance with applicable laws and regula-tions. (e) W
RITTEN CONSENT OF OWNER .—No non- Federal property may be included in the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park without the written consent of the owner. This provision shall apply only to those portions of the Park added under sub-section (a). (f) N
OUSE OF CONDEMNATION .—The Sec- retary of the Interior may not acquire by condemnation any land or interests in land under this Act or for the purposes of this Act. (g) N
OBUFFER ZONECREATED .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, or the management plan for the Kennesaw Moun-tain National Battlefield Park shall be con-strued to create buffer zones outside of the Park. That activities or uses can be seen, heard, or detected from areas within the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park shall not preclude, limit, control, regu-late or determine the conduct or manage-ment of activities or uses outside the Park. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 3371, introduced by our col-league B
ARRY LOUDERMILK , expands the boundary of the Kennesaw National Battlefield Park. It also authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 8 acres of land only by donation or ex-change from willing sellers. The ex-panded area includes the historic Wal-lis House and Harriston Hill. Wallis House is one of the few re-maining structures associated with the Kennesaw Mountain Civil War battle, while Harriston Hill was strategically significant as the Union signal station. The Battle of Kennesaw Mountain in June of 1864 was critical to the Union campaign to split the Confederacy, and although it was a tactical victory for the Confederate, it opened the way for the Union’s strategic victory of taking Atlanta. The sacrifices of more than 3,000 Union troops on Kennesaw Mountain made possible Sherman’s famous tele-gram to Lincoln 3 months later that ‘‘Atlanta is ours, and fairly won.’’ These battlefields remind succeeding generations of Americans of the price paid by so many for the preservation of our Constitution and the liberty it pro-tects and the enormous responsibility that each of us has to maintain and de-fend that same Constitution today. I urge passage of the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill adjusts the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battle-field Park in Georgia to include two historically significant structures, the Wallace House and Kolb’s Farm, and to assist in the preservation of the story of the Atlanta Campaign. Between June 19 and July 2, 1864, a series of battles occurred here between Union and Confederate forces. The loss of Kennesaw Mountain removed one of the last major geographic obstacles protecting Atlanta, which eventually fell to the Union Army in September of 1864. The bill will allow for the donation of approximately 8 acres to Kennesaw Na-tional Battlefield Park, a unit of the National Park Service. I want to thank my colleague from Georgia, Representative B
ARRY  L
OUDERMILK , for continuing to support the preservation of the history of this great country. The Civil War was a significant event in the history of this country and re-mains relevant as we grapple with civil rights discussions today. The preservation of these sites rein-forces Congress’ dedication to equality and enables the National Park Service to interpret and tell our national story. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), the author of this meas-ure. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 3371, a bill that will add valuable historical property to the Kennesaw Mountain National Battle-field Park. This park, which is located in Geor-gia’s 11th Congressional District, is a site of significant battles that took place during America’s bloodiest con-flict, the Civil War. Our Nation has long recognized the importance of preserving historical sites, especially those battlefields where Americans fought and died for freedom. Sites such as Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park allow us to look back in time and get a glimpse of events that help shaped our Nation. It is extremely important that we understand our history; otherwise, we will be destined to repeat the mistakes of the past. A recent study of American history education revealed that, while 98 per-cent of college students could identify that Snoop Doggy Dogg was a rapper, only 23 percent of college seniors could identify that James Madison was the father of the Constitution. b1500 Mr. Speaker, it is now more impor-tant than ever that the generations fol-lowing us have access to these historic sites and to the educational opportuni-ties they provide, or we risk losing touch with our history. It is extremely important to restore the comprehen-sive study of American history in our schools. However, it is equally impor-tant to preserve the places at which significant events in our history took place. This bill that I have sponsored will simply allow Kennesaw Mountain Na-tional Battlefield Park to acquire two pieces of property that will add to the historic and educational value of this battlefield. One of the properties this bill will preserve is a home that was built in 1853 by Mr. Josiah Wallis. Mr. Wallis built this home for his family, but it was eventually used as a hospital by the Confederate Army during the Civil War. In 1864, the Wallis House fell into the hands of General William Sherman of the Union Army during his campaign to take Atlanta. The house served as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.049 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH886 February 24, 2016 
Sherman’s headquarters during the Battle of Kolb’s Farm, which was a re-sounding victory for the Union Army; but the victory was not without cost. When the smoke cleared, over 350 Union soldiers and over 1,000 Confed-erate soldiers lay dead. Five days later, Union General Oliver Howard used the Wallis House as his headquarters and communications cen-ter during the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain, one of the bloodiest 1-day battles of the entire war. This was also the last major battle before Atlanta fell to Union forces. While the assault by General Sherman was a tactical failure in its costing the lives of 3,000 of his men, the battle also inflicted heavy losses on the Confederates. After losing another 1,000 men, the Confed-erate Army could not stop General Sherman on his march to Atlanta. Adjacent to the Wallis House are 8 acres of land, known as Harriston Hill. This property offers a sweeping view of the valley leading to the Confederate line on top of Kennesaw Mountain, and it was used by the Union as a signaling position during the battle. This loca-tion is essential for park visitors to un-derstand the strategic positions taken by the Union and Confederate Armies during the battle. In addition to being critical sites in Civil War history, the Wallis House and Harriston Hill are two of the few origi-nal locations remaining from the Bat-tle of Kennesaw Mountain that are as-sociated with the Union Army. Most of the park’s current attractions cor-respond with Confederate history, so these additions will prove to be major historical acquisitions that will en-hance the value of the park and provide insight into the Union’s side of the story. In 2002, the Cobb County Government purchased the Wallis House and Harriston Hill in order to prevent the house from being demolished. Since then, the county has been seeking to transfer the property to the park. My bill simply modifies the boundary of Kennesaw Mountain National Battle-field Park to include the house and the hill, and it authorizes the park to ac-quire the property by donation. Along with the Cobb County Government, this bill is supported by the National Park Service, by Kennesaw Mountain Park, and by several park volunteer or-ganizations and historical societies in my district. This legislation is an essential step toward preserving our Nation’s herit-age, and it is a valuable part of Civil War history. The Wallis House and Harriston Hill will provide tremendous educational and historical value to Kennesaw Mountain Park; and it is my hope that the park will quickly acquire this property and will restore it to its original condition for visitors to enjoy for generations to come. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3371. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DELAWARE WATER GAP NATIONAL RECREATION AREA IMPROVE-MENT ACT AMENDMENT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3620) to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Dela-ware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3620 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. VEHICULAR ACCESS AND FEES. 
Section 4 of the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area Improvement Act (Public Law 109–156) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. USE OF CERTAIN ROADS WITHIN THE RECREATION AREA. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, Highway 209, a feder-ally owned road within the boundaries of the Recreation Area, shall be closed to all com-mercial vehicles. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR LOCAL BUSINESS USE.— Until September 30, 2020, subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the use of commer-cial vehicles that have four or fewer axles and are— ‘‘(1) owned and operated by a business physically located in— ‘‘(A) the Recreation Area; or ‘‘(B) one or more adjacent municipalities; or ‘‘(2) necessary to provide services to busi-nesses or persons located in— ‘‘(A) the Recreation Area; or ‘‘(B) one of more adjacent municipalities. ‘‘(c) F
EE.—The Secretary shall establish a fee and permit program for the use by com-mercial vehicles of Highway 209 under sub-section (b). The program shall include an an-nual fee not to exceed $200 per vehicle. All fees received under the program shall be set aside in a special account and be available, without further appropriation, to the Sec-retary for the administration and enforce-ment of the program, including registering vehicles, issuing permits and vehicle identi-fication stickers, and personnel costs. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .—The following vehicles may use Highway 209 and shall not be subject to a fee or permit requirement under sub-section (c): ‘‘(1) Local school buses. ‘‘(2) Fire, ambulance, and other safety and emergency vehicles. ‘‘(3) Commercial vehicles using Federal Road Route 209, from— ‘‘(A) Milford to the Delaware River Bridge leading to U.S. Route 206 in New Jersey; and ‘‘(B) mile 0 of Federal Road Route 209 to Pennsylvania State Route 2001.’’. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2 of the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area Improvement Act (Public Law 109–156) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (6), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated by paragraph (1) of this section) the following: ‘‘(1) A
DJACENT MUNICIPALITIES .—The term ‘adjacent municipalities’ means Delaware Township, Dingman Township, Lehman Township, Matamoras Borough, Middle Smithfield Township, Milford Borough, Mil-ford Township, Smithfield Township and Westfall Township, in Pennsylvania.’’. 
SEC. 3. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Section 702 of the Omnibus Parks and Pub-lic Lands Management Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–333) is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.R. 3620, introduced by Congressman T
OMMARINO , amends the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to allow a road in the recreation area to continue to be used by commercial vehicles that serve the local communities adjoining this federally designated land. It is entirely in keeping with one of our principal ob-jectives for Federal land use policy: to restore the Federal Government as a good neighbor to the communities im-pacted by the Federal lands. Before the Federal Government took control of 70,000 acres of land adjacent to the Delaware River in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, highway 209 served as a major trucking route for commerce. Legislation that created the recreation area and implemented it sought to pro-hibit commercial vehicles from using this public highway, promising to es-tablish alternate routes. Yet, despite three extensions of the deadline, local residents and businesses in the commu-nities of Delaware Township, Dingman Township, Lehman Township, Metamoras Borough, Middle Smithfield Township, Milford Borough, Milford Township, Smithfield Township, and Westfall Township in Pennsylvania are directly threatened by the impending limitation. H.R. 3620 would protect the people of these communities from this unneces-sary disruption and inconvenience by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.051 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H887 February 24, 2016 
allowing commercial vehicles serving these communities to continue to use this long-established highway. Specifi-cally, it directs the Department of the Interior to establish a fee and permit program for commercial vehicles serv-ing these communities. This bill enjoys broad support in the affected communities, and Congress-man M
ARINO should be commended for his efforts to resolve this vexing issue for his constituents. I urge the passage of the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill amends the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Im-provement Act to extend the author-ization of a waiver for certain commer-cial traffic on U.S. Route 209, a feder-ally owned highway that runs through the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. When Congress decided to restrict commercial traffic on the portion of the highway that runs through the recreation area, the law included an ex-emption for certain vehicles that be-long to nearby businesses and munic-ipal governments. This bill provides a 5-year extension of that exemption in order to facilitate continued access for local residents. It is supported by the National Park Service, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the author of this measure, the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). Mr. MARINO. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill to reauthorize commercial traffic along Route 209 through the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. For nearly 5 months now, uncer-tainty has reigned over this 21-mile stretch of road that is running through my district. Over 30 years ago, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania—as the chairman so eloquently stated— transferred Route 209, then a State road, to the National Park Service. As commercial thru traffic is banned on roads within our national parks, it would also be so on this stretch of Route 209; but, at that time, a 10-year exemption was made to support the local freight transportation industry and because acceptable alternative routes were unavailable. After multiple extensions, the most recent commer-cial vehicle authorization expired at the end of September of 2015. To address the problem, county and township officials from the sur-rounding areas met with the National Park Service and my staff to negotiate a new plan. They recognized the con-tinued need to allow some commercial vehicle access, and they settled on the carefully crafted language we are con-sidering today. The work to produce this extension acknowledges the continued need of employers, businesses, and homeowners I represent in Pike and Monroe Coun-ties. The expiration in September cast a cloud on the local business commu-nity and put countless jobs in jeopardy. Passing this bill so that it can be swift-ly considered by the Senate is impera-tive as the weather warms and business activity increases through the region. I thank Chairman BISHOP for his sup-port and assistance in bringing this bill to the floor as quickly as possible. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3620. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HONORING PENN STATE’S MIKE HERR, ‘‘MIKE THE MAILMAN’’ (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mike Herr on his retirement from the United States Postal Service. For gen-erations of students at Penn State Uni-versity, Mike is lovingly known as ‘‘Mike the Mailman.’’ Mike’s first day with the Postal Service was April 1, 1968—48 years to the day of his expected retirement this year. In his nearly five decades of working at the university’s main cam-pus in State College, he has formed bonds with countless students and has become a fixture at the school’s annual dance marathon, also known as THON—the largest student-run philan-thropy in the world. In fact, Mike has become known for delivering Mack Trucks that are full of letters and packages for dancers who are partici-pating in the event. When asked about becoming a Penn State campus institution, Mike said: ‘‘My secret is fairly simple: kindness matters; humor always helps; staying enthusiastic about the big and little things and showing compassion to every single person that I meet.’’ Mr. Speaker, these are words that we can all live by, and I wish ‘‘Mike the Mailman’’ the best of luck in his retire-ment. 
f 
THE GENOCIDE OF CHRISTIANS AND OTHER RELIGIOUS MINORI-TIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I had the extraordinary privilege of being in the room when Pope Francis was given a small cross, a crucifix. This crucifix belonged to a young Syr-ian man who had been captured by the jihadis and then given a choice—con-vert or die—and he chose. He chose his ancient faith tradition. He chose Christ. And he was beheaded. His mother was able to recover his body and the crucifix that he wore and bury him, and then she subsequently made her way to Austria by which this cross came into the possession of the Holy Father. This type of incident—the killings, the beheadings, the crucifixions, the immolations—occurs day, after day, after day to the beleaguered religious minorities of the Middle East—the Christians, the Yazidis, and others— who have ancient faith traditions, who have every right to be in their ancient homelands as does anyone else. b1515 This is a genocide. This is a delib-erate attempt to exterminate an entire set of peoples based upon their faith. Mr. Speaker, in the year 2004, then- Secretary of State Colin Powell came to the United States Congress and in a committee hearing—the Senate For-eign Relations Committee—he declared what was happening in Darfur in Sudan a genocide. In making that simple dec-laration, using that powerful word, he helped put an end to that grim reality. Thankfully, what is happening now that should give the beleaguered com-munities of the Middle East some hope is that there is an international coali-tion developing that has recognized the fact that this is a genocide being com-mitted. Nearly 200 Members of the United States Congress, this body, have signed on and are cosponsoring a resolution that declares this a genocide. The International Association of Genocide Scholars has stated it as such. Others, including the Yazidi commu-nity, the United States Catholic bishops, Pope Francis himself, Hillary Clinton and M
ARCO RUBIO, both Presi-dential candidates, have declared this to be a genocide. Genocide is a powerful word. It evokes special meaning. It creates the conditions for when there hopefully is inevitably and perhaps miraculously 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.053 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH888 February 24, 2016 
some proper settlement in the Middle East—security arrangements, political, economic, and cultural settlement— that the religious minorities of that area who once made up the rich tap-estry of that region will have their rightful place restored and re-integrated back into those commu-nities. This would give hope again to per-secuted peoples. It provides a gateway for the discussion of further policy rec-ommendations, for instance, that could place people who are being forced to flee under the threat of genocide in proximity to where their ancient homeland is so that, once stability is restored, they can return and reclaim what is rightfully theirs. A little while back when the Yazidi community, primarily women and chil-dren, were trapped on Mount Sinjar, President Obama, to his credit, acted quickly. The House of Representatives had passed a resolution calling for addi-tional humanitarian assistance, and the President, with great deliberate-ness, decided to save their lives. I want to personally state that I am grateful for that. I represent the largest Yazidi refugee community in America. This is an an-cient faith tradition that usually en-joyed a quiet and peaceable life in areas of Iraq and who began to come under increasing pressure during the Iraq war and now are, of course, sub-jected to ISIL’s attempt to extermi-nate them. They were saved by quick action. So in an exchange with Secretary Kerry today, I commended the admin-istration for that quick action to save the Yazidis and I asked the administra-tion to actively consider and call this what it is, a genocide. When we do so, again we create the conditions not only for which the international consciousness on this problem will be raised and other inter-national organizations, including the European Union Parliament who have spoken to it. Other parliaments around the world have also declared this a genocide. However, in our complicated times, we rush from urgency to urgency. It is difficult to keep the mind focused be-cause the horrors that continue to come at us are so extreme we almost get numb to it all. Yet, we have to act. In doing so, we can save lives. We can reposition and potentially preserve the remnant of the rich tap-estry of minority voices that are crit-ical to stability in the Middle East and are critical to saving civilization itself and stopping this grievous assault on human dignity. That is why I urged the Secretary to make the declaration of genocide. It was a thoughtful exchange, but we will continue to do so. I am so grateful to so many of my colleagues who, again, have signed onto this resolution that calls it such, a genocide against the Christian Yazidis and others. I am also grateful to have some col-leagues here, including my good friend, Congressman D
ANLIPINSKI of Illinois, who has tirelessly spoken to the issue of human rights and stood for life, stood for stability, stood for justice on the whole spectrum of issues that are facing humanity now. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) so that he may give us his consideration on this essential topic. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I only have a few minutes this afternoon. No matter how busy things get, there has to be time to come here to stand up for basic human rights. I thank Congressman F
ORTENBERRY  and, also, Congresswoman E
SHOO for organizing today’s Special Order and for all the work that they have done to speak out on this issue of protecting all of those minority groups who are under threat, so many murdered, driv-en from their homes. It is very important that we focus the eyes of Congress and the Nation on this humanitarian tragedy that is hap-pening in Syria and Iraq. I think it is very important. It is really past time, as far as I am concerned, but it is never too late. We need to stand up and pass H. Con. Res. 75 for this Congress to declare that there is a genocide that is going on. The genocide is against not just Yazidis, but also Christians, Turkmen, and other groups in Syria and Iraq and in the region. Since 2013, when ISIL began their murderous march through Syria and northern Iraq, the world has witnessed the targeted killing of all of these groups that I have mentioned. As I said, we should have done this a while ago. The United States should have stood up and declared this a genocide. Now, it seems there are reports, at least, that the United States may be declaring that there is a genocide of the Yazidis. While certainly no one is going to downplay that, as my col-league mentioned, we all remember what happened with the Yazidis trapped on Mount Sinjar and the quick intervention that helped to save so many lives and the continued genocide going on against the Yazidis. We don’t want to downplay that in any way, but I think it is important that we recognize it is not just the Yazidis who are suffering from geno-cide. In fact, the State Department’s re-port on International Religious Free-dom for 2014 acknowledged that ISIL was systematically targeting religious minorities it considered heretical and that their abuses disproportionately af-fected religious minorities, with be-tween 100,000 and 200,000 Christians and an estimated 300,000 Yazidis displaced in Iraq. Now, these numbers have only gotten greater since that time. In Syria, that same report states that ISIL has exe-cuted Christians, kidnapped priests, and forced tens of thousands to flee across the desert or face ISIL’s geno-cidal campaign. Leaders across the world, including the European Union Parliament and Pope Francis, have recognized that genocide is being committed by ISIL against many ethno-religious groups, and the United States must join them in condemning these crimes as a geno-cide. Here in Congress, we remain in a critical position to promote religious freedom and ensure that it remains a priority in our foreign policy. That is why I was an original cospon-sor of Congressman FORTENBERRY and Congresswoman E
SHOO ’s H. Con. Res. 75, which expresses that Congress views the attacks on Christians and other ethnic and religious minorities as war crimes, crimes against humanity, and, yes, genocide. We must not wait or be apprehensive about speaking the truth. The administration and Congress must prioritize religious freedom and protect all minorities in the Middle East from the ongoing genocide. It should begin here in Congress by pass-ing H. Con. Res. 75. I certainly want to ask all of my colleagues to join us in cosponsoring this resolution. Again, we continue to see the hor-rible crimes being committed in Syria and Iraq. We are not here today to say that there are easy solutions, that any of this is easy to solve. We have to not look away, but we need to look at what is going on in Syria and Iraq and call it for what it is, a genocide. It is a genocide against a number of groups, including Christians there in Syria and Iraq. By Congress standing up, it means something. The world takes notice when it happens. We must do more. It is our duty to do more to protect these people, starting out with this declara-tion of genocide. I want to again thank Congressman F
ORTENBERRY for all the work he is doing on this issue and many other human rights issues, standing up for life itself, which is something criti-cally important that we all must do here. I thank Congressman F
ORTENBERRY  for organizing this Special Order and for all of his work on this issue. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman L
IPINSKI as well for his tireless commitment to justice, to human dignity, to human flour-ishing. Really, ultimately, that is what this resolution is intended to do, to call it what it is, a genocide, in order that there might be the proper settlement, when we finally come to the day when there is a proper security arrangement in the Middle East, when there is a re-integration of the religious minorities who, again, made up the rich diversity of the Middle East in a prior time who are critical to the ongoing stability of Iraq and Syria and other places. I am grateful as well that the gen-tleman pointed out the extraordinary work of our colleague, Congresswoman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.055 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H889 February 24, 2016 
ANNA ESHOO , a Democrat from Cali-fornia. I am a Republican. We have other Republicans here who will speak in a time when Congress seems so divided on every issue—again, we have 200 of our colleagues—in a transpartisan initiative to say that this is unjust, this must be stopped. By our actions of calling it a geno-cide, we not only elevate international consciousness, but again we create the conditions for the proper redress once we come to some proper settlement in the Middle East. I am so grateful for the gentleman’s time and efforts on this behalf and for his leadership in Congress. I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI .) Let me turn to my good friend as well, Congressman J
ODYB. H ICE, a new Member of Congress from Georgia, who has shown initiative, entrepreneurial endeavor, integrating quickly as an im-pact player, if you will, in the pro-ceedings here in Congress. I am grate-ful for his willingness to speak on this topic, but, more than that, grateful for our growing friendship. I yield to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ) for bringing attention to this incredibly important issue and the ab-solute carnage that is occurring in the Middle East against Christians, Yazidis, and people of other religious faiths and minorities. You know, the right to practice a chosen religion is a right that I—and I believe all of us—believe should be uni-versal. Yet, the religious persecution, especially by such violent means that is occurring now, is absolutely deplor-able. ISIS has shown its true nature in the treatment of these religious minori-ties. We have all witnessed in recent months the violent expansion of ISIS in the Middle East as they have single- mindedly persecuted those who adhere to different faiths. In fact, those who refuse to convert have been driven from their homes, brutally tortured, crucified, raped, murdered, enslaved, and not by just few in number. We are talking thou-sands that fall under this horrific sce-nario. b1530 The systematic violence of ISIS to-ward communities of Yazidis, Chris-tians, Kurds, Turkmen, whatever it may be, as you have well mentioned, goes far beyond war crimes. We are talking absolute genocide. In looking at all this, it was inter-esting to me that, when the world came together after the atrocities of the Second World War in an effort to define genocide, they actually defined it as an actor committing certain acts against a designated group with an in-tent to destroy the group in whole or in part. ISIS has. They absolutely have the intent to destroy, in whole, Christians, Yazidis, and all religious groups throughout the Middle East. In fact, their entire propaganda even brags about the abhorrent crimes that they are committing, and they show abso-lutely no signs of willingness to stop these atrocities. It is clear to me that we have an obli-gation—not only a moral one, but a legal obligation—to prevent these atrocities from occurring. In fact, 3 weeks from now this administration must fulfill its own legal obligation to make a determination on whether it will name ISIS’ crimes as acts of geno-cide or not. The time has come. In fact, the time is long past for our Nation and our world to officially recognize these crimes by ISIS for what they truly are and to commit fully to defeating ISIS. We simply cannot ignore this any longer, and we must bring H. Con. Res. 75 to the House floor as soon as pos-sible. Again, I thank you for yielding this time and thank you for your leadership in this regard. Mr. FORTENBERRY. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his thoughtful commentary and leadership as well on this essential issue. In fact, it is not an issue at all. This is an as-sault on all humanity. This is a threat to civilization itself. If a group of people can succeed in ex-terminating another group because they have the power to do so, because they do not believe in another’s reli-gion, they violate that sacred space that is essential to all persons and, therefore, the conditions of liberty that are necessary for human flour-ishing. This goes beyond the grotesque trag-edy in the Middle East. It is a call to the entire responsible community of nations to act, to say that we will not allow eighth-century barbarism that happens to have 21st-century weaponry to rule in a land, destroy, kill, maim, and exterminate entire groups of peo-ple because of their religious tradition. It is wrong. It is unjust. If not ad-dressed, all of civilization is at threat. That is the core of the problem here. I thank you so much for your willing-ness to spend a little bit of time and your leadership on these critical points. Thank you so much. Mr. Speaker, again, it is H. Con. Res. 75, House Concurrent Resolution 75. It has been introduced here in the House, and there is a similar resolution in the Senate. It will be forthcoming in the coming weeks. The House Committee on Foreign Affairs will be considering this resolution soon. I am hopeful that, again, with my colleague, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. E
SHOO ), and others, who have shown just extraordinary leader-ship and deep concern and compassion for those who are in need, we can con-tinue to build the numbers and make the case to all of our colleagues and our government that it is time to call this genocide and, by declaring such, again setting the conditions that will be necessary to reintegrate people, those who have survived, back into their ancient lands for which they have a rightful claim. I heard a story recently from a com-mander who had been in Mosul during the height of the Iraq war. Part of their obligation and responsibility was to protect the various religious minori-ties who were there. He talked about seeing the very beautiful Christian church that was there. All the Christians are gone from Mosul. The remaining ones had the Ar-abic letter N, Nun, spray-painted on their door in blood red. That is a sym-bol for the word Nazarene, which some use as a derogatory term to Christians. They were told: Convert, leave, or die. Many had to flee with whatever they had on their back. Of course, we know the horrific sto-ries of those who gave their life in fi-delity to their faith. This is a system-atic attempt to wipe certain peoples off the map. It is not fair. It is unjust. It must be countered with a worldwide re-sponse. The designation of genocide is that critical first step, again, toward the possibility of restoring some tran-quility of order whenever there is the right type of security and economic and cultural settlement that must come to the Middle East if it has any chance, again, to flourish. We can lead in this regard. We must lead. Other countries around the world have already taken up this banner. As I said earlier, the European Parliament has declared it so. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the ability to converse today with my col-leagues on this threat, this threat to civilization itself, and our need to act. I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. B
UCK (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of ill-ness. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2234. An act to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in rec-ognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services; in addi-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE7.056 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH890 February 24, 2016 
of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 487. An act to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands. H.R. 890. An act to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Florida. H.R. 3262. An act to provide for the convey-ance of land of the Illiana Health Care Sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois. H.R. 4056. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Af-fairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida. H.R. 4437. An act to extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 23, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 644. To reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activi-ties, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 3 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 25, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4425. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Rules of Prac-tice and Procedure; Civil Money Penalty In-flation Adjustment (RIN: 2590-AA77) received February 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4426. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; GA; Redesignation of the Atlanta, GA, 1997 Annual PM2.5 Non-attainment Area to Attainment [EPA-R04- OAR-2013-0084; FRL-9942-61-Region 4] re-ceived February 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4427. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Missouri; Emissions Inven-tory and Emissions Statement for the Mis-souri Portion of the St. Louis MO-IL Ozone Nonattainment Area [EPA-R07-OAR-2015- 0438; FRL-9942-76-Region 7] received Feb-ruary 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4428. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Clarification of Re-quirements for Method 303 Certification Training [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0492; FRL-9940- 76-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR97) received February 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4429. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pyriproxyfen; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-1012; FRL- 9941-38] received February 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4430. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Triclopyr; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0314 and EPA-HQ- OPP-2014-0489; FRL-9941-87] received Feb-ruary 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4431. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Interim Staff Guidance — Clari-fication of Licensee Actions in Receipt of Enforcement Discretion Per Enforcement Guidance Memorandum EGM 15-002, ‘‘En-forcement Discretion for Tornado-Generated Missile Protection Noncompliance’’ [DSS- ISG-2016-01] received February 22, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4432. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-318, ‘‘Private Security Camera Incentive Program Temporary Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4433. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-317, ‘‘Emery Heights Community Center Designation Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4434. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-316, ‘‘LGBTQ Cultural Com-petency Continuing Education Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4435. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-319, ‘‘Marijuana Possession De-criminalization Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4436. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-315, ‘‘Tip’s Way Designation Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4437. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-320, ‘‘Certificate of Good Stand-ing Filing Requirement Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4438. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-321, ‘‘Presidential Primary Ballot Access Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4439. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-322, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4440. A letter from the Federal Register and Regulatory Liaison Officer, Office of Di-versity and Equal Opportunity, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Discrimination on the Basis of Disability in Federally Assisted and Federally Con-ducted Programs and Activities [Document No.: NASA-2015-0008] (RIN: 2700-AD85) re-ceived February 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4441. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Management, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Department of the Treasury Employee Rules of Conduct re-ceived February 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4442. A letter from the Acting Unified List-ing Team Manager, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Inter-agency Cooperation-Endangered Species Act of 1973, as Amended; Definition of Destruc-tion or Adverse Modification of Critical Habitat [Docket No.: FWS-R9-ES-2011-0072] (RIN: 1018-AX88) received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4443. A letter from the Unified Listing Team Manager, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Des-ignation of Critical Habitat for Consolea corallicola (Florida Semaphore Cactus) and Harrisia aboriginum (Aboriginal Prickly- apple) [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2014-0057; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AZ92) received Feb-ruary 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4444. A letter from the Acting Unified List-ing Chief, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; 4(d) Rule for the Northern Long-Eared Bat [Docket No.: FWS-R5-ES-2011-0024; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018- AY98) received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 4445. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-covery and State Grants, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reclassifying Hesperocyparis abramsiana (=Cupressus abramsiana) as Threatened [Docket No.: FWS-R8-ES-2013- 0092; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AY77) received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.025 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H891 February 24, 2016 
801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4446. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2016 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allow-able Catch Amounts [Docket No.: 141021887- 5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE367) received February 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 4447. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Pot Catcher/Processors in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE418) re-ceived February 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4448. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Pacific Island Pelagic Fisheries; Ex-emption for Large U.S. Longline Vessels To Fish in Portions of the American Samoa Large Vessel Prohibited Area [Docket No.: 150625552-6043-02] (RIN: 0648-BF22) received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4449. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statis-tical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 140918791-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XE420) re-ceived February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4450. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Directed Fishing With Trawl Gear by Fisheries Act Catcher Processors in Bycatch Limitation Zone 1 of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE429) received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4451. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-covery and State Grants, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife; Technical Corrections for Eight Wildlife Spe-cies on the List of Endangered and Threat-ened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWS-R1-ES-2016- 0006; FXES11130900000C6-167-FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018-BB28) received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4452. A letter from the Acting Unified List-ing Team Manager, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — List-ing Endangered and Threatened Species and Designating Critical Habitat; Implementing Changes to the Regulations for Designating Critical Habitat [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-ES- 2012-0096] [Docket No.: 120106025-5640-03] [4500030114] (RIN: 1018-AX86) (RIN: 0648-BB79) received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4453. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the Fiscal As-sistant Secretary, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Department of the Treasury Regula-tions for the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund (RIN: 1505-AC44) received February 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4454. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the Fiscal As-sistant Secretary, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Department of the Treasury Regulations for the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund (RIN: 1505-AC44) received Feb-ruary 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4455. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Transition Relief for Certain Section 529 Qualified Tuition Programs Required to File Form 1099-Q, Payments From Qualified Education Programs (Under Sections 529 and 530) [Notice 2016-13] received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); ; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4456. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2016 Cost-of-Living Adjustments for certain items resulting from the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (Rev. Proc. 2016-14) received February 18, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4457. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Maximum Vehicle Values for 2016 for Use With Vehicle Cents-Per-Mile and Fleet- Average Valuation Rules [Notice 2016-12] re-ceived February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4458. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Credit for Indian Coal Production and Inflation Adjustment Factor for Calendar Year 2015 [Notice 2016-11] received February 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4459. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Timing of Submitting Preexisting Ac-counts and Periodic Certifications; Report-ing of Accounts of Nonparticipating FFIs; Reliance on Electronically Furnished Forms W-8 and W-9 [Notice 2016-08] received Feb-ruary 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3004. A bill to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commis-sion (Rept. 114–430). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2880. A bill to redesig-nate the Martin Luther King, Junior, Na-tional Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–431). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 812. A bill to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–432). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1475. A bill to reauthor-ize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Ko-rean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance; with an amendment (Rept. 114–433). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3371. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain Na-tional Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–434). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3620. A bill to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of munici-palities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–435). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 4596. A bill to ensure that small busi-ness providers of broadband Internet access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regulatory requirements; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 4597. A bill to provide resources and incentives for the enforcement of immigra-tion laws in the interior of the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 4598. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve the H-1B visa program, to repeal the diversity visa lottery program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24FE7.000 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH892 February 24, 2016 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself and Mr. S
TIVERS ): H.R. 4599. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to permit certain partial fill-ings of prescriptions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. V
ELA, and Mr. F ARR): H.R. 4600. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to protect the well- being of soldiers and their families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself and Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ): H.R. 4601. A bill to transfer the rever-sionary interest of the United States be-tween certain land in Flagstaff, Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. C
OSTA ): H.R. 4602. A bill to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science lab-oratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to im-prove the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. V
AN HOLLEN , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. L
EE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. R
ANGEL , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H.R. 4603. A bill to prevent a person who has been convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime, or received an enhanced sentence for a misdemeanor because of hate or bias in its commission, from obtaining a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. G
IBSON ): H.R. 4604. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly available list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require disclosure of the physical location of business agents engaging in customer service communications, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BLUM (for himself, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa): H.R. 4605. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Of-fice Building‘‘; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. CHABOT , and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 4606. A bill to require the Governor of a State to submit to the Attorney General an annual report on the number of individ-uals who represented themselves in court in criminal matters or juvenile delinquency matters, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself and Mr. D
ENHAM ): H.R. 4607. A bill to amend the Estuary Res-toration Act of 2000 to modify requirements that apply to projects carried out under the estuary habitat restoration program estab-lished by the Secretary of the Army, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 4608. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish small business savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia): H.R. 4609. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the provisions governing employment of nonimmigrants under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) of that Act to prevent the transfer of knowledge from United States workers for the purpose of fa-cilitating their jobs being moved abroad; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4610. A bill to amend the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to participate in a series of water reclamation projects to provide a new water supply to communities previously impacted by perchlorate contamination plumes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , and Mr. G ALLEGO ): H.R. 4611. A bill to discourage the use of payment of money as a condition of pretrial release in criminal cases, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: H. Res. 624. A resolution directing the Committee on the Budget to hold a public hearing on the President’s fiscal year 2017 budget request with the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget as a witness; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 4596. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 4597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 4598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 4599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 4600. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 4601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-erty Clause). Under this clause, Congress has the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-tory or other property belonging to the United States. By virtue of this enumerated power, Congress has governing authority over the lands, territories, or other property of the United States- and with this authority Congress is vested with the power to all own-ers in fee, the ability to sell, lease, dispose, exchange, convey, or simply preserve land. The Supreme Court has described this enu-merated grant as one ‘‘without limitation’’ Kleppe v New Mexico, 426 U.S. 529, 542–543 (1976) (‘‘And while the furthest reaches of the power granted by the Property Clause have not been definitely resolved, we have repeat-edly observed that the power over the public land thus entrusted to Congress is without limitation.’’) Historically, the federal government trans-ferred ownership of federal property to either private ownership or the states in order to pay off large Revolutionary War debts and to assist with the development of infrastruc-ture. The transfer of reversionary interest by this legislation is thus constitutional and necessary to ensure private property owners are able to utilize and control their private property. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 4602. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 4603. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 4604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘the Com-merce Clause’’) of the United States Con-stitution By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 4606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 4607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24FE7.100 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H893 February 24, 2016 
respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state. [Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution] By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 4608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 4609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of section 8 and clause 7 of section 9 of article I, of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 192: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 303: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 448: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 472: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 546: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 662: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 664: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 726: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 759: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 781: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 816: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 842: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 885: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 953: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. E
STY. H.R. 969: Mr. B
ECERRA and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 986: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 1117: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1174: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. L AMBORN , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. A
DAMS , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 1188: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1192: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1197: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 1301: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 1309: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 1336: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 1453: Mr. S
TIVERS , and Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS . H.R. 1459: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Ms. F UDGE . H.R. 1588: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 1942: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1945: Ms. L
EEand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 1948: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2058: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 2059: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. G IBSON . H.R. 2083: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2093: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 2167: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2260: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2698: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona and Mr. H
ARDY . H.R. 2713: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2737: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. V
ELA, Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2759: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2844: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. H IG-
GINS. H.R. 2858: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2903: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 2908: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2939: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2948: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3012: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT and Mr. P ALM-
ER. H.R. 3048: Mr. R
EED, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 3088: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3099: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 3135: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 3190: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 3323: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3481: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3502: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3515: Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3520: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 3521: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3556: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 3713: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 3722: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 3723: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3779: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3808: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 3846: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 3852: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3952: Mr. E
LLISON and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 3956: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 3970: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. H IMES, Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R UPPERS -BERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4006: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 4007: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4087: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4133: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4200: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 4262: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4277: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. P ETERS on. H.R. 4352: Ms. K
USTER , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia, and Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 4442: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4447: Mr. H
IMES, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. H
IGGINS , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4461: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 4462: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4469: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 4490: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 4514: Mr. R
OSKAM and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 4521: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4522: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 4523: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 4540: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C
RAMER , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 4542: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4549: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 4553: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 4561: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 4562: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 4563: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.J. Res. 55: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 207: Mr. J
OYCE and Mr. S WALWELL  of California. H. Res. 541: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H. Res. 551: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. M ICA. H. Res. 600: Ms. K
USTER . H. Res. 610: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H. Res. 615: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 623: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H. Res. 571: Mr. Chabot. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE7.006 H24FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S967 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2016 No. 29 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, we would rest in You, for You alone can bring order to our world. Reveal Yourself to our Senators, guiding them on the path of peace. May they place behind them disappointed hopes, fruitless labor, and trivial aims as they lean on You for comfort and strength. Rebuke their doubts. Strengthen the good in them so that nothing may hinder the outflow of Your power in their lives. Give might to the weak and renew the strength of the strong. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized. 
GUANTANAMO DETAINEES  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, President Obama has left the American people to wait for many years for a se-rious plan—one that poses no addi-tional risk to our Nation or our Armed Forces, for instance—in pursuit of his desire to close a secure detention facil-ity at Guantanamo Bay. Americans have been waiting for 7 long years to find out what the serious plan might look like. They are still waiting today. What the President sent to Congress yesterday isn’t a plan. It is more of a research project than anything. It does call on Congress, however, to act. It turns out we already have. Congress has repeatedly, over and over again, voted to enact clear, bipartisan prohi-bitions on the very thing the President is again calling for, and that is the transfer of Guantanamo Bay terrorists into our local communities. We have enacted bipartisan prohibitions in Con-gresses with split party control. We have enacted bipartisan prohibitions in Congresses with massive, over-whelming Democratic majorities. Just a couple of months ago, Members of Congress in both parties expressed themselves clearly one more time—not once, but twice, and on an over-whelming bipartisan basis. President Obama signed these bipartisan prohibi-tions into law as well. So let’s not pre-tend there is even the faintest of pre-tenses for some pen-and-phone gambit here. Congress has acted clearly, repeat-edly, and on a bipartisan basis. The President now has the duty to follow the laws he himself signed. It shouldn’t be that hard when you consider his ad-monition yesterday about ‘‘upholding the highest standards of rule of law.’’ He said: ‘‘As Americans, we pride our-selves on being a beacon to other na-tions, a model of the rule of law.’’ That is interesting in light of a recent GAO ruling that the administration’s de-tainee swap of Taliban prisoners for Bowe Bergdahl violated the law. It is especially interesting in light of the President’s continuing refusal to rule out breaking the law if he doesn’t get his way on Guantanamo. President Obama’s own Attorney General says he cannot unilaterally do that. It is clear. President Obama’s own Defense Sec-retary says he cannot unilaterally do that. President Obama’s own top mili-tary officer says he cannot unilaterally do that. In the words of one of our Democratic colleagues, ‘‘He’s going to have to comply with the legal restric-tions.’’ It is as simple as that—‘‘going to have to comply with the legal re-strictions.’’ Breaking the law as a way to sup-posedly uphold the rule of law is just as absurd as it sounds. It is time that the President finally ruled that option out categorically, and then he should fi-nally move on from a years-old cam-paign promise and focus on the real problem that needs solving today. My own hope is that the Commander in Chief will not put his own chain of command in the position of having to carry out an unlawful direct order. But, look, closing Guantanamo and transferring terrorists to the United States didn’t make sense in 2008, and it makes even less sense today. We are a nation at war. The administration’s ef-forts to contain ISIL thus far have not succeeded. The next President may very well want to pursue operations that target, capture, detain, and inter-rogate terrorists because that is how terrorist networks are defeated. Why would we take that option away from the next Commander in Chief now? Let’s be clear: The two options on the table are not keeping Guantanamo open or closing it, but keeping Guanta-namo terrorists at Guantanamo or moving them to some Guantanamo North based in a U.S. community. Changing the detention center’s ZIP Code is not a solution. It is not even se-rious. The fact that the President missed a deadline for submitting a plan to de-feat ISIL last week—presumably be-cause he was just too busy working on his ancient campaign promise—is com-pletely unacceptable. Some of the most senior national se-curity officials within President Obama’s own administration are al-ready working to better position the next President for the national secu-rity challenges we will face in 2017. It is time President Obama finally joined them and us in the serious work of keeping Americans safe in a dangerous world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.000 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES968 February 24, 2016 
ORDER OF BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we are going to move the confirmation vote back closer to noon in order to ac-commodate some important hearings that are going on this morning in sev-eral of our committees. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. REID. Mr. President, yesterday the senior Senator from Iowa, along with other Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee, announced that they won’t be holding a hearing on President Obama’s eventual nominee to the Supreme Court. They won’t give the eventual nominee the common courtesy of even a meeting—no hear-ings, no meeting—and this was all done even before the President sent a name to us. This is historically unbelievable and historically unprecedented. Republicans don’t know who the nominee will be, and they have already mentioned that. Already they have de-cided they won’t even start the con-firmation process. Why? Because the person was nominated by President Obama. Remember, the Republican leader said many years ago that the No. 1 goal he had was to make sure President Obama was not reelected. That failed miserably. The President won by more than 5 million votes. Ev-erything has been done by the Repub-licans in the Senate to embarrass, ob-struct, filibuster—anything that could be done to focus attention on President Obama, none of which has helped the country. Senator G
RASSLEY has surrendered every pretense of independence and let the Republican leader annex the Judi-ciary Committee into a narrow, par-tisan mission of obstruction and grid-lock—so partisan, in fact, that the sen-ior Senator from Iowa won’t respond to a personal invitation from the Presi-dent inviting him to the White House to discuss the vacancy. Think about that. The President of the United States calls a very senior Senator, and he hasn’t even responded to the Presi-dent. This is a sad day for one of the proudest committees in the Senate. So I ask, is this the legacy he wants? Is this how he wants his committee work remembered—as a chairman who re-fused his duty and instead allowed the Republican leader to ride roughshod over the Judiciary Committee’s storied history? The strength of committee chairmen in the U.S. Senate has been legendary. No majority leader or minority leader could tell a chair what to do with his committee. That was off bounds, but it doesn’t appear so now. In abdicating this responsibility, which the Senate has always upheld— never in the history of the country has a Senate simply refused to do any-thing, even meet with the person who has been nominated. So Republicans are setting a dangerous precedent for future nominations, not only for the Supreme Court but for the Senate itself as an institution. Yesterday the Senate Historian’s of-fice reported that the denial of com-mittee hearings for a Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented. If that is unprecedented, how about the fact that he won’t even meet with the person who has been nominated? If that is un-precedented, how about the fact that a Member of the Senate won’t even go to the White House to talk to the Presi-dent about filling the Supreme Court seat? The senior Senator from Iowa will be the first Judiciary Committee chair-man ever to refuse to hold a hearing on a Supreme Court nominee. That is quite an achievement, but not one of which he should be proud. That sort of wanton obstruction is not what the American people want. It is not what the people of Iowa want. Last week no fewer than six Iowa newspapers issued scathing editorials calling on Senator GRASSLEY to change course and give the President’s Supreme Court nomi-nee the respect he or she deserves. For example, the Mason City Globe Gazette wrote: 
We were especially disappointed to see Iowa’s own Chuck Grassley join the partisan crowd calling for a delay. . . . There is no constitutional or even historical precedent for such flagrant, outrageous, shameful, bald-faced partisanship. 
The Gazette in Cedar Rapids, IA, wrote of Senator G
RASSLEY ’s actions: 
It’s hard to conclude this is anything but political maneuvering meant to meet par-tisan objectives at the expense of the Su-preme Court, our constitutional process and the common good. 
The headline of the Des Moines Reg-ister editorial reads, ‘‘Grassley’s Su-preme Court stance is all about poli-tics.’’ Is that the legacy the chairman wants for Iowa and our Nation? I cer-tainly hope not. Does he want to be re-membered as the least productive Judi-ciary Committee chairman in history? At his current pace, he will be remem-bered as the most obstructive chair-man in history. Instead of studying what the Vice President said a quarter of a century ago, perhaps Senator G
RASSLEY should take note of what Senator B
IDEN did 25 years ago or generally as a member and chairman of that committee. In 1992, under Senator B
IDEN’s leader-ship, the Judiciary Committee con-firmed 64 circuit and district court nominations. All of the judicial nomi-nations were made by a President of the opposite party—President George H.W. Bush. In 2015, Senator G
RASSLEY ’s first year as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the Senate confirmed 11 judicial nominations. That was the fewest judicial nominations confirmed ever. We were a much smaller country, perhaps, so ‘‘ever’’ might be a little much, but certainly in the last 50 or 75 years. That is quite a comparison: BIDEN, 64; G RASSLEY , 11. It gets even worse than that for my friend from Iowa. In the entire 102nd Congress, when J
OEBIDEN was chair, the Senate confirmed 120 nominees—120 judicial nominations under B
IDEN. Compare that to 16 under Chairman G
RASSLEY . The difference is stunning. I would encourage my friend from Iowa to focus on Vice President B
IDEN’s actions and results, rather than cherry picking remarks of 25 years ago. The Judiciary Committee of J
OEBIDEN hon-ored its constitutional obligations by considering and confirming—even vis-iting with nominees—in a timely fash-ion, even though they were a Repub-lican President’s nominees. I can’t say the same for the committee today. No one can. As chairman, J
OEBIDEN did his con-stitutional duty and processed four nominations from Republican Presi-dents to the Supreme Court, including Justice Kennedy—that vote occurred in the last year of President Reagan’s Presidency—Souter and Thomas. Let us focus on Thomas just a little bit. Thomas got 52 votes. He squeaked through the Senate. Any one Senator could have forced a cloture vote. Any one Democrat could have done that. We didn’t do that. It was never done until the Republicans showed up here in the last few years. Now, Bork was a very controversial person, but he received a long, long hearing before the committee and a long debate here in the Senate. He was voted down. That is how this place is supposed to work. Other nominees have been voted down. But we didn’t say we are not going to hold a hearing on Bork. We didn’t say we are not going to take the committee’s actions and just leave it at that. Listen to this: Bork was turned down in the Judiciary Com-mittee by an overwhelming margin. In spite of that, we brought it to the Sen-ate floor and it was debated, and he won by two votes—no filibusters. He was defeated in the committee. We didn’t look for an excuse. That is the way it used to be done. With the Republican leadership now they will not meet with the nominee, even though they do not know who it will be; they won’t hold a hearing; and the chairman of the committee will not even go to the White House and visit with the President. As chairman, Senator B
IDEN did his constitutional duty and processed nominations, even though they were Republican nominations. So we don’t have to go back to 1988 or 1992 to prove the current Judiciary Committee chairman’s ineptness. Look at the spike in judicial emergencies that have occurred on Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s watch just in the past year. What is an emergency? It means there are not enough judges—too many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.002 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S969 February 24, 2016 
cases for a judge to do the work. A va-cant judgeship is automatically de-clared an emergency, as it should be. When the Republicans assumed control of the Senate last year there were 12 emergencies nationwide. Today, a year later, that number has almost tripled to 31. By nearly every metric, the Judici-ary Committee under Chairman G
RASS -
LEYis failing dramatically, setting all records of failure in this great body. The committee is failing the people of Iowa and the Nation. To the senior Senator from Iowa, I stress, I plead, don’t continue down this path. Reject this record-setting obstruction and simply do your job as a powerful chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. President, I see no one on the floor. Will the Chair announce the busi-ness of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the confirma-tion vote scheduled for 11 a.m. this morning be moved until 12 noon, with all other provisions of the previous order remaining in effect. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, every Member of the Senate stands in the well of the Senate when they are elect-ed, takes an oath of office. That oath of office, required by the Constitution, is our statement to not only the people we represent but to the Nation, that we will uphold and defend the Constitu-tion of the United States. Article II, section 2 of that Constitu-tion empowers the President. Those powers include the President’s power to fill vacancies on the Supreme Court. It is not permissive language. The word ‘‘shall’’ can be found in this paragraph. It basically says that the President of the United States shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint judges of the Supreme Court. For the first time in the history of the United States of America, Senate Republicans are prepared to defy this clear statement of the U.S. Constitu-tion. What an irony that filling the va-cancy on the Court by the untimely death of Antonin Scalia—filling the va-cancy on the Court of a man who prided himself throughout his judicial career as being what he termed an ‘‘originalist,’’ sticking to the strict let-ter of the law, as spelled out in the Constitution—in filling that vacancy, the Senate Republicans have basically decided to reach a new low; in fact, to make history in a very sad way. A seat on the U.S. Supreme Court lies vacant because of the death of Justice Scalia. The President has the constitutional obligation, as I have read, to name a nominee to fill that vacancy. Senate Republicans are now saying they will not even hold a hearing on that nomi-nee. If the President sends a name—and he will—to the Senate to fill that va-cancy, they have said they will not hold a hearing, they will not schedule a vote, and, listen to this, yesterday Sen-ator MCCONNELL said: I will not even meet with that person. This is a new low. Since the Senate Judiciary Committee started holding hearings on Supreme Court nominees a century ago, the Senate of the United States of America has never—never— denied a hearing to a pending Supreme Court nominee. It has never happened, but that is what Senate Republicans are saying they will do. This level of obstruction, of ignoring the clear language of the Constitution, is unprecedented, and it is dangerous. This goes beyond any single vote for any Supreme Court nominee. This is an abdication of the Senate’s responsi-bility under article II, section 2 of the Constitution to provide advice and con-sent on Supreme Court nominations, which the President shall appoint and shall nominate. Senate Republicans want to keep the Supreme Court seat vacant for more than 1 year. They want this vacancy to continue for more than 1 year. That will encompass two terms of the Su-preme Court. This is demeaning to the institution of the Supreme Court, and unfair to millions of Americans who rely on that Court to resolve important legal questions. In the coming days, the President will name a nominee, as the Constitu-tion requires him to do. Senate Repub-licans should meet their responsibility under the Constitution, do their jobs, and give the President’s nominee a fair hearing and a vote. Yesterday, the Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee sent a letter to the majority leader, and here is what they said: ‘‘This Com-mittee will not hold hearings on any Supreme Court nominee until after our next President is sworn in on January 20, 2017.’’ Why did they take this unusual posi-tion in defiance of the Constitution? They said: ‘‘The presidential election is well underway. Americans have al-ready begun to cast their votes. . . . The American people are presented with an exceedingly rare opportunity to decide, in a very real and concrete way, the direction the Court will take over the next generation.’’ This argument is specious. The American people have already voted; they voted to elect our President, Barack Obama, and they voted to elect 100 Senators who currently serve in this body. President Obama was elected to a 4-year term, and 11 months re-main. The American people voted for each of us to do our jobs for as long as we serve in office. By a margin of 5 mil-lion votes, the American people have chosen the President. Did they elect the President for 3 years, or 3 years and 2 months? No. They elected a President for 4 years, and this President’s term continues until January 20, 2017. The Republicans conveniently ignore the obvious. The will of the American people was expressed in that election, and the election of Barack Obama as President of the United States empow-ers him under the Constitution to fill this vacancy with an appointment. They didn’t vote in that election for us to sit on our hands for over a year while the Supreme Court twists in the wind and while the Republican Sen-ators pray every night that President Donald Trump will somehow give America a different Supreme Court nominee. Not a single American, inci-dentally, has yet cast a vote for Presi-dent of the United States—not one—in the next election, despite the state-ment of the Judiciary Committee Re-publicans that says otherwise. It is February of this year. The nomi-nation conventions are scheduled for late July. The modern Supreme Court confirmation process has taken an av-erage of 67 days. There is more than adequate time to hold a hearing on this nominee and get this done properly. All we need is for the Senate Republicans to do their jobs. Yesterday on the Senate floor, I urged my Republican colleagues not to duck a vote on the President’s nomi-nee. They could vote yes, they could vote no, but they shouldn’t abdicate their constitutional responsibility for political advantage. I am amazed that my Republican colleagues now say that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.003 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES970 February 24, 2016 
not only do they want to duck that vote, but they also want to avoid even having a hearing on the nominee. And they are afraid to even meet with this nominee for fear that maybe they might think he or she is a good nomi-nee. Even more shockingly, the Repub-lican leader and several Republican members of the Judiciary Committee said yesterday they would not even meet with the President’s nominee. One of our colleagues in the Senate last night on television was asked pointedly or directly: If the President nominates someone from your State to the Supreme Court vacancy, are you saying you wouldn’t meet with that person? My colleague on the other side of the aisle ducked the question. This is stunning. Remember, the President is obligated by article II, section 2 of the Constitu-tion to send a nominee to the Senate. That is the process the Founding Fa-thers established. That is the Presi-dent’s responsibility. How can Senate Republicans refuse to even meet with the person selected under this constitu-tional process? How is that being faith-ful to the terms of the Constitution? How are Senate Republicans upholding and defending this Constitution by this evasive, historically unprecedented ac-tion? Sadly, it appears that Senate Repub-licans have calculated it is in their best political interests to keep the nominee out of the spotlight. They were hoping that, with this letter and by saying yesterday we will have noth-ing to do with it, they are going to turn out the lights on this issue. That is not what is going to happen. This issue is going to be there and remem-bered, and it is going to be recalled on the floor of the Senate repeatedly. They thought they could close down the government when Senator C
RUZof Texas sat here for, I don’t know how many hours, reading Dr. Seuss while we shut down the government, and they thought people would forget Sen-ator C
RUZ shutting down the govern-ment; they didn’t, and he is finding on this campaign trail that a lot of people have remembered that. The American people are not going to forget what Senate Republicans are trying to do with the Supreme Court. I have served on the Judiciary Com-mittee for the hearings and confirma-tion votes of four of the eight sitting Supreme Court Justices. Let me state clearly that this Senator is more than happy to meet with the President’s Su-preme Court nominee, as I have on all such nominees—Republican and Demo-crat alike—and I will consider that nominee on his or her merits, as I have always tried to do in the past. Yesterday, Senate Republicans also tried to deflect attention from their unprecedented obstruction by pointing to quotes from some Democrats years ago. But the record is clear: Democrats have never, never blocked a Supreme Court nominee from having a hearing. Republicans are breaking new ground with this obstructionism. The Amer-ican people deserve better. The bottom line is there is no excuse for the Senate to fail to do its job. Once the President has named his nominee, the Senate must give that nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote. If the Constitution means any-thing to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, they understand that what they are doing is unprecedented. It has never happened once in Amer-ican history. We are now finding the obstructionism of Senate Republicans reaching a new low. They are ignoring the clear wording of our Constitution, which they have sworn to uphold and defend, and they are obstructing in a way that we have never seen before in the history of the United States. That is the reality—a reality that will not be lost on the American people. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. PRESCRIPTION DRUG ABUSE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about a drug abuse problem that is literally hurting millions of Americans. There has been a dramatic rise in the use and misuse of prescription painkillers. These prescription painkillers—and I tell you this as a doctor—are known as opioids. Between 1999 and 2013, sales of pre-scription painkillers in the United States have quadrupled. It is no coinci-dence that over that same number of years overdose deaths from these drugs have also quadrupled. This is how we know there has been a huge shift from the appropriate use to abuse of these medications. People in rural areas like my own are almost twice as likely to overdose on prescription painkillers as people in large cities. Some people think these problems are only a prob-lem in the big cities. That is not the case with these opioids. I can tell you as a doctor who prac-ticed medicine in Casper, WY, for 25 years, treating pain in our patients is one of the most difficult things we do. When we have a patient who is in pain, we want to help relieve that pain. Opioids are a very effective way to help patients with pain, and doctors use these medications through prescrip-tions to help manage the pain. It is im-portant that we have the capacity to do that as long as it is done appro-priately. This can be a very good op-tion for someone suffering from chron-ic pain, such as pain from cancer. It can be appropriate for someone who is suffering from acute, temporary pain, such as someone who just had surgery. The problem is that these are ex-tremely powerful narcotics. Chemi-cally, they are not that different from heroin, and they can become addictive. Some patients have no problem at all taking these painkillers for the proper amount of time, while other patients might develop a problem and actually have trouble getting off the pain pills. As they get accustomed to the drugs, sometimes they may seek out stronger and more addictive drugs to get the same pain relief. That is why doctors have to be very careful about pre-scribing the right medicine for each pa-tient and each situation. They have to balance the risk of the drug with the reward of easing the patient’s pain. Not every doctor in this country has been as careful as they should be. We didn’t get into this difficult situation because of a handful of doctors writing too many prescriptions. These prescrip-tions are being written by doctors in communities all across the country. It is happening in emergency rooms, with family doctors, with specialists, and even with dentists. I believe Washington policies have inadvertently contributed to the prob-lem. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid have made payments to hos-pitals partly based on how well the spe-cific hospital has scored on surveys filled out by the patients—the patients who have been in those hospitals. Here are some examples of questions that are asked on these surveys: During this hospital stay, how often was your pain well controlled? Some patients are asked that. They are also asked: How often did the hospital staff do every-thing they could to help you with your pain? Well, you can see how doctors might feel pressure to prescribe more and stronger opioid pain relievers to make sure their hospital doesn’t get low scores and get penalized by the bureau-crats here in Washington. The Depart-ment of Health and Human Services is looking into whether these surveys are contributing to this rise in prescrip-tions and what can be done about it. Earlier this month I was 1 of 26 Sen-ators, Republicans and Democrats alike, who wrote to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make sure she keeps us apprised on the ef-fects these regulations might be hav-ing. If these pain relievers are being prescribed inappropriately, they can do more harm than good. That’s the prob-lem. Some of these people who get these prescriptions for all the right reasons end up being addicted. When the prescription runs out, they may ac-tually experience withdrawal symp-toms, and I have seen it happen. So what do the people who become addicted to these opioids do? Well, they seek pills on the black market or they turn to other drugs, including heroin. Heroin is often cheaper than the actual prescription opioid and, of course, more deadly. From 2002 to 2013, heroin use in the United States has nearly doubled. The deaths from heroin overdoses have quadrupled. Why? One of the reasons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.005 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S971 February 24, 2016 
seems to be that because heroin has be-come much cheaper on the street, it has also become a more attractive drug for addicts to buy and use. At the same time, the heroin today is believed to be much more powerful than it used to be, and so it may be that people who use it are much more likely to overdose. When we see statistics like these—or just talk to people, such as those who work in the emergency room, who have to deal with the drug addictions, 911 calls, opioid abuse, heroin abuse, and see all these problems—it is time for Congress to act. We can’t turn a blind eye to Americans who are suffering and dying. That is why I think it is impor-tant that the Senate needs to take up action to help stop the damage being done. Recently the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee passed the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act. It has bipar-tisan support, and it is one more sign that the Senate has gotten back to work on behalf of the American people. Just as the name of the legislation says, it actually addresses both prob-lems—addiction and recovery. It will increase education and prevention ef-forts to help keep people from becom-ing addicted to painkillers in the first place. It is also going to strengthen State programs to monitor prescrip-tion drugs and to track when these drugs end up in the wrong hands. For the people who have already passed from use of the medications to abuse and addiction, this legislation will help to launch treatment programs that are based on actual evidence of what works. There are a lot of treat-ment programs out there and lots of different opportunities to seek treat-ment. We want to make sure we can identify the ones that are actually suc-ceeding and helping people and then make sure these programs are avail-able to more people. These are just a few of the positive ideas in the legisla-tion. Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE , who is one of the main sponsors of this legislation, has said that we can’t arrest our way out of this problem. She is exactly right. The misuse and abuse of these drugs is illegal. We must acknowledge that fact. We must still try to do ev-erything in our power to keep this mis-use from turning into addiction and even death. There are States and com-munities and families suffering because of the abuse of these drugs. We can all be part of the solution, and we must all be part of the solution. I know that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions is looking into another aspect of this subject, as is the Finance Com-mittee. There are lots of ideas out there, and I am glad to see Members taking the issue so seriously. I am glad we are moving forward with bipartisan legislations and solutions. Senator A
YOTTE has been a major force in talking about this problem. Senators W
HITEHOUSE , KIRK, PORTMAN , and others have addressed this issue. Another good, commonsense idea is looking into changing Medicare Part D and Medicare Advantage. This legisla-tion has been introduced by Senator PATTOOMEY of Pennsylvania. I am a cosponsor of that legislation. The bill is called the Stopping Medication Abuse and Protecting Seniors Act. That is it: Stopping Medication Abuse and Protecting Seniors. It allows Part D and Medicare Advantage plans to lock in patients to a single prescriber, a single pharmacy, for their opioid pain medicine. This is going to do a couple of things. It will deal with the issue of doctor shopping. That is when a pa-tient goes to multiple providers to get duplicate prescriptions if they become addicted. Many private insurance com-panies already do this and so does Med-icaid. So we should allow and encour-age Medicare to do it as well. These are all ideas with bipartisan support in the Senate. They are exam-ples of ways that Democrats and Re-publicans are working together to help Americans who need and deserve help. The abuse of prescription drugs and heroin is happening everywhere in America. It is harming our Nation. Congress must do what it can to stop it. I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, our Re-publican colleagues have decided that the Senate should not hold a hearing or vote on any Supreme Court nominee this year. The reason? It is an election year. That is a breathtakingly candid but utterly irresponsible reason for the Senate not to do its job. That decision may not surprise those who have fol-lowed the Senate in recent years, as our Republican colleagues have time and again chosen to obstruct President Obama’s agenda. We can disagree on legislation, we can disagree on policies, we can cer-tainly disagree on judicial nomina-tions, but the idea that the Senate should not take any action on a Su-preme Court vacancy is unprecedented. In the last 100 years, the Senate has taken action on every Supreme Court nominee whether it is an election year or not. The Senate has not only taken action, but the Senate has confirmed more than a dozen Supreme Court Jus-tices in the final year of a Presidency. In fact, a Democratic Senate confirmed Justice Anthony Kennedy in the final year of President Reagan’s term. Yet roughly 9 months before the next elec-tion, the Republican position is that the Senate should not do its job be-cause 11 months from now, we will have a new President. I ask you, what has that got to do with us doing our jobs? Under the Republican timeline, the Supreme Court will be left with only eight Justices for over a year. The last time it took so long for the Senate to fill a vacancy on the Court was during the Civil War. The rationale that the Senate should not act because of an up-coming election is not only stunning, but I think most Americans would agree is absurd. In what other work-place can employees announce that they don’t plan to fulfill their respon-sibilities for 9 months and still get paid? But that is exactly what Repub-licans are saying to the American peo-ple. We work for the American people. The American people elect Senators, Representatives, and Presidents. Through elections, the people shape the direction of our country. While Republicans may want to for-get it, in 2012 the people elected Presi-dent Obama to a full 4-year term. That term doesn’t end for nearly a year. His responsibilities as President don’t stop because a Republican Senate says so. The Constitution requires a Presi-dent to nominate someone to fill a va-cancy on the Supreme Court. The Con-stitution requires the Senate to pro-vide advice and consent on the Presi-dent’s nominee. That is our job as Sen-ators. The President hasn’t nominated any-one to fill the current Supreme Court vacancy. When he does, no Senator is required to vote for that nominee, but what is required is for the Senate to fulfill its constitutional duties. The President’s nominee deserves a hearing and a vote. No excuses. Let’s do our job. Mr. President, I wish to now turn to another subject. (The remarks of Ms. H
IRONO per-taining to the submission of S. Res. 373 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-day it was my privilege to say a few words honoring Justice Antonin Scalia, known to his friends as ‘‘Nino,’’ a man whose intellect, wit, and dedication to our Constitution have served our coun-try for decades. I am pleased that oth-ers have said appropriate words hon-oring his memory and the many ways he helped strengthen our constitu-tional self-government and our democ-racy. As we know, the Constitution gives the Senate an equal role in deciding who eventually is to serve on the Su-preme Court of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.007 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES972 February 24, 2016 
President Obama called me and other members of the Judiciary Committee yesterday, saying he intends to exer-cise his constitutional authority, and I recognize his right to make that nomi-nation. But not since 1932 has the Sen-ate, in a Presidential election year, confirmed a Supreme Court nominee to a vacancy that arose in that Presi-dential election year. And it is nec-essary to go even further back—I be-lieve to the administration of Grover Cleveland in 1888—to find an election- year nominee who was nominated and confirmed under a divided government, such as we have now. So I found it very curious that some of our colleagues across the aisle are effusive in their criticism of our deci-sion to withhold consent until we have a new President and in effect say this ought to be a choice not just confined to the 100 Members of the Senate and the President but to the American peo-ple. We are not saying—we are not fore-closing the possibility that a member of one party or another party would be the one to make that nominee. This isn’t a partisan issue. This is about the people having a chance to express their views and raising the stakes and the visibility of the Presidential election to make the point that this isn’t just about the next President who will serve 4 years, maybe 8 years; this will likely be about who will serve the next 30 years on the Supreme Court of the United States. I am going to remind our colleagues of some of the things they have said in the past for which they have so roundly criticized us. People understand when there are differences of opinion. It is a little harder to understand hypocrisy when you have taken just the opposite position when it suited your purposes in the past to the position you take today. So let me just be charitable and say maybe they have just forgotten. For example, the minority leader, Senator R
EIDof Nevada, the Demo-cratic leader, said on May 19, 2005, when George W. Bush was President of the United States: 
The duties of the Senate are set forth in the U.S. Constitution. Nowhere in that docu-ment does it say the Senate has a duty to give Presidential appointees a vote. 
That was Senator R EID. I agree with him. That is exactly right, but that is not the position he appears to be tak-ing today. The President has every right to nominate someone, but the Senate has the authority to grant consent or to withhold consent. And what I and the other members of the Judiciary Com-mittee on the Republican side said yes-terday in a letter to the majority lead-er is that we believe unanimously—all the Republicans on the Senate Judici-ary Committee—that we should with-hold consent, exercising a right and an authority recognized by Senator R
EID in 2005. I have read some of the press clips. People recoil in mock horror: Well, you are not even going to have a hearing? You are not even going to meet with the President’s proposed nominee? Well, that is right, for a very good reason—because it is not about the per-sonality of that nominee. So it would be pretty misleading for us to take the same position that Senator REIDhas taken and then to say: Well, we are going to go through this elaborate dance of having courtesy meetings, maybe even having a hearing, when we have already decided—as Senator R
EID acknowledged is the right of the Sen-ate—not to bring up this President’s nominee for a vote. And not to pre-ordain who that next nominee will be, whether they will be nominated by a Republican or Democratic President— we don’t know what the outcome of the Presidential election is going to be. But this is too important for the Con-gress and for the Senate to be stam-peded into a rubberstamp of President Obama’s selection on the Supreme Court as he is heading out the door—a decision that could well have an im-pact on the balance of power on the Su-preme Court for the next 30 years. I am not through with my charts. The next Democratic leader in the Senate, Senator S
CHUMER —first, I guess you could call this the Reid standard. We call it the Reid rule and the Schumer standard. That rolls off the tongue better. So this is what Senator S
CHUMER said 18 months before President George W. Bush left office. We are only looking at, what, 10 or 11 months until Presi-dent Obama leaves. In 2007, Senator C
HUCK SCHUMER said: ‘‘[F]or the rest of this President’s term. . . . We should reverse the presumption of confirma-tion.’’ I, frankly, don’t know what he is talking about. The Constitution doesn’t talk about a presumption of confirmation. But it is pretty clear to me that he wants a presumption that the nominee will not be confirmed for the next 18 months. Senator S
CHUMER , one of the Demo-cratic leaders, said: ‘‘I will recommend to my colleagues that we should not confirm a Supreme Court nominee ex-cept in extraordinary circumstances.’’ So what we are doing is what Senator R
EIDand Senator S CHUMER advocated back when it was convenient and served their purposes way back when. They are now taking a different posi-tion because, of course, their interests are different. They want to make sure President Obama gets a chance to nominate and the Senate confirm President Obama’s nominee, who will serve for perhaps the next quarter of a century or more on the Supreme Court. But it is pretty clear that the Senate is not bound to confirm a Supreme Court nominee or even hold a vote. Finally, I wish to point out—we will call it the Reid rule, the Schumer standard, and the Biden benchmark. This is what the Vice President of the United States, J
OEBIDEN, said in 1992 when he was chairman of the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee. He gave a long speech, of which this is an ex-cerpt. He said: ‘‘[T]he Senate Judiciary Committee should seriously consider not scheduling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the polit-ical campaign season is over.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘[A]ction on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election campaign is over.’’ That is the Biden benchmark—the Reid rule, the Schumer standard, and the Biden benchmark. I read a statement from the Vice President that he issued after he saw that this old news clip and his state-ment had been made public. He quite conveniently said this was ‘‘not an ac-curate description of my views on the subject.’’ Well, I think the words are very clear. I think what he might have said is ‘‘These are no longer my views on the subject’’ because, of course, he would like President Obama to be able to make that nomination. So I wish to reject this myth that many of our Democratic colleagues are spreading that what we are doing here and now is somehow unprecedented. Quite the contrary. What we are doing is what the Democrats’ top leadership has advocated in the past. What do they think we are? They think we are going to abide by a different set of rules than they themselves advocated? How ridiculous would that be? I could not explain that to my constituents back home in Texas. If I were going to say: Well, the Democrats can apply one set of rules, but then when the Repub-licans are in the majority, the Repub-licans must apply a different set of rules—well, the fact is, the rule book has been burned by the Democrats, and what we are operating under is the sta-tus quo they advocated back in 1992, 2005, and 2007. The Senate has every right under the Constitution not to have a hearing, and we shouldn’t go through some motions pretending like we are or that this is really about the personality of whom-ever the President nominates. I have confidence that the President will nominate somebody who he thinks is qualified to be on the Supreme Court. I would point out, though, that this nominee will not be confirmed. I don’t know many leading lawyers, scholars, and judges who would want to be nomi-nated for the U.S. Supreme Court to a seat that President Obama will never fill. So during this already very heated election year—and the election is al-ready underway. Democrats are voting in Democratic primaries, and Repub-licans are voting in Republican pri-maries and caucuses. The election is al-ready underway, and the Supreme Court can function in the vast major-ity of cases with eight members. It fre-quently does anyway because most cases are not decided 5 to 4; most cases are decided on a consensus basis. But let’s say, for the six or so cases in which Justice Scalia was a deciding vote on a 5-to-4 case last year—if there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.009 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S973 February 24, 2016 
is a deadlock, those cases can simply be held over until the next year when there is a new Justice or the Court can come up with some other way to dis-pose of it as it sees fit. That frequently happens. For example, Justice Kagan was Solicitor General of the United States. She was recused from and could not sit on cases that she handled as an advocate for the U.S. Government once she got to the Supreme Court. So the Court operated with eight Justices for a long time because of Justice Kagan’s recusal. Similarly, Justice Anthony Kennedy served on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Once he got to the Supreme Court of the United States, he couldn’t then sit on those cases and de-cide them once as a circuit court judge and another time as a Supreme Court Justice. He recused, which means there were eight Justices to decide those cases. That is not extraordinary; that is not uncommon. And it is not going to paralyze the Supreme Court of the United States from doing its job. It has all the tools it needs at its disposal to handle these cases as it sees fit—either to dismiss them as improvidently granted, to hold them over if they are truly deadlocked, or to find some other perhaps more narrow basis upon which to decide the case, which would com-mand a five-vote majority with eight members of the Court. So Mr. President, I would like our colleagues to come out here and ex-plain this apparent contradiction in the position they took in 2007, 2005, and 1992. Because if they can’t explain that, then it looks to me like this is pure hy-pocrisy—holding Republicans, when we are in the majority, to a different standard than they themselves were willing to embrace when they were in power. As I said, people may not understand a lot of the nitty-gritty details of this, but they do have a strong sense of fair-ness and evenhandedness, and they do smell hypocrisy and see it when it is right before their eyes. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I come to the floor today with what I think is a pretty simple message—a message the American people have been delivering to me and the people of North Dakota and which reflects ex-actly why I wanted to come to Wash-ington, DC—which is that Congress needs to do its job. Whether it is legis-lating on WOTUS or making sure we are moving appointments properly or taking votes that may make some of us uncomfortable, that is our job. That is why the American taxpayers pay us. So I come today to say: Congress, do your job. Senate, do your job. Every day families across this coun-try go to work and fulfill their respon-sibilities and obligations. They do their jobs to put food on the table for their family, and they pay their bills. Imag-ine a construction worker in North Da-kota telling his boss he didn’t want to do his job for the rest of the year until conditions are probably more favor-able. He might get a good laugh. He might be told to go back to work. If he was serious, he wouldn’t have a job very long. Everyone here knows American workers can’t go to their jobs and just announce: I don’t want to do that today. They can’t just say: I am not going to do my job for the rest of the year. I am going to wait to find out who might be the new boss. That is not how it works for the American people, and it is certainly not how it should work for the Senate. In many ways, I think it is an embar-rassment that some of my colleagues would not only ask the President not to do his job—a job our Constitution instructs him to do—but they would also shirk their own duties to provide advice and consent to the President simply because it is not a good polit-ical time to do it. It says something pretty terrible about Congress if the Senate now is making determinations about how a popularly elected President, regardless of political party—regardless of wheth-er that President is popular in this Chamber or not—is no longer allowed to perform the duties of that office and nominate and receive a vote on the Su-preme Court nominee of his choosing. It is a disappointing day when some Senators will tell the President: Don’t even bother because we will not even consider or even talk to your nominee. This is before the President has even announced or named a nominee. It is particularly frustrating to those of us who really want the Senate to work that some Senators are willing to ham-per the functioning of yet another branch of our Federal Government sim-ply to play politics, with the hope that those politics will benefit one party— to maintain and possibly take control of the other two branches of govern-ment. I don’t think anyone can dispute the facts. The Supreme Court considers some of the most critical issues facing our country, and the American people deserve a fully functioning Court. To insist the Court go through potentially two terms without a full slate of Jus-tices is an abdication of our responsi-bility as Senators. That responsibility is to make sure that America’s three branches of government are fully func-tioning. Just yesterday, we heard that our colleagues are not even going to enter-tain the thought of a hearing before the Judiciary Committee for any nomi-nee the President puts forward. I don’t know how to explain that decision. I don’t know how one can say that for the next 10 months that doesn’t mat-ter. I don’t know how to explain that to people back in North Dakota. In the last 100 years, the full Senate has taken action on every pending Su-preme Court nominee to fill a vacancy, regardless of whether the nomination was made in a Presidential election year. According to CRS—Congressional Research Service—since 1975 the aver-age number of days from nomination to final Senate confirmation is 67 days or just over 2 months. Since committee hearings began in 1916, every pending Supreme Court nominee has received a hearing, except nine nominees who were all confirmed within 11 days. In addition to holding hearings on the nominations, the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee has a long-standing bipartisan tradition of send-ing to the full Senate all pending nomi-nees to the Supreme Court for a Su-preme Court vacancy, even when the majority of the committee may not have supported that nominee. If, in fact, this Supreme Court va-cancy is held open until the next Presi-dent makes the nomination, that will mean it is vacant for well over a year. Not since the Civil War—not since the Civil War—has the Senate taken longer than 1 year to fill a Supreme Court va-cancy. An extended period of time with only eight members of the Supreme Court sitting would delay or prevent justice from being served. There are American citizens across the country who need decisions from the Court on a variety of issues. In fact, what we have done is we have elevated the circuit courts— the courts that have made the deci-sions that are currently pending—to the position of the Supreme Court of the United States, denying access to those claimants one way or the other— whether the court agreed with them or the court disagreed with them in the circuit courts—denying them access to that final appeal, to that Supreme Court decision. So I simply want to say: Let’s do our job. Let’s give the nominee a hearing. Let’s vote in committee. Let’s all do our job to vet the candidates. Let’s not prejudge this. Let’s do the responsible thing and vote yes or no. Let’s take a look at the candidate to be nominated, and let’s get a fully functioning Su-preme Court. I want to close with just one re-minder. The last time we went through a very contentious hearing was the hearing for Justice Thomas, and I think my colleague from Washington, who is on the floor, well remembers that, as do a lot of people here remem-ber that. I want to remark that Justice Thomas was sent to this floor without a positive vote out of committee. But his nomination was sent to the floor, and the nomination of Justice Thomas, at the urging of then-majority leader Mitchell, was not filibustered. So prob-ably the most contentious nominee in my lifetime certainly—and it certainly raised some very interesting gender issues—did not even get filibustered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.010 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES974 February 24, 2016 
Let’s do our job. Let’s do the work the people sent us here to do. Let’s vet this candidate, whoever it might be, and let’s move forward so that every person who has a case pending before the Supreme Court or will have a case pending before the Supreme Court is given access to justice by providing a fully functioning Supreme Court. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on behalf of the nomination before the vote for 2 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, the role of the FDA Commissioner is cen-tral to the health and safety of every family and community nationwide, from a dad making his daughter’s pea-nut butter sandwich in the morning to a patient headed into an operating room. I know this is a nomination we all take very seriously. After careful review, I believe Dr. Califf’s experience and expertise will allow him to lead the FDA in a way that puts patients and families first and upholds the highest standards of patient and consumer safety. Dr. Califf has led one of our country’s largest clinical research organizations, and he has a record of advancing medical breakthroughs on especially difficult- to-treat illnesses. He has a longstanding commitment to transparency in relationships with industry and to working to ensure aca-demic integrity. He has made clear he will continue to prioritize independ-ence at the FAA as the Commissioner and always put science over politics. His nomination received letters of sup-port from over 128 different physician and patient groups. He earned the strong bipartisan sup-port of the members of the HELP Com-mittee. There is a lot the FDA needs to get done in the coming months, includ-ing building a robust postmarket sur-veillance system for medical devices, making sure families have access to nutritional information, putting all of the agency’s tools to work to stop to-bacco companies from targeting our children, and playing a part in address-ing the epidemic of opioid abuse that is hurting so many communities so deep-ly. I believe Dr. Califf will be a valuable partner to Congress in taking on these challenges and the many others the FDA faces. I am here to encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this nomination. I look forward to con-tinued work with all of the Members on ways to strengthen health and well- being for the families and communities we all serve. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Califf nomination? Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. CORKER ), the Sen-ator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Sen-ator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 89, nays 4, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 25 Ex.] YEAS—89 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—4 
Ayotte Blumenthal Manchin Markey 
NOT VOTING—7 
Corker Cruz Johnson McCaskill Rubio Sanders Warner 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. The Senator from Missouri. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to address the Senate in morning busi-ness. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA AND FILLING THE SU-PREME COURT VACANCY Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to talk about Judge Scalia for a few min-utes, and then I will address the va-cancy on the Court. There is no question that the Su-preme Court has lost a strong and thoughtful voice. No matter what issues the Justices on the Court might have disagreed with, or even when there was a disagreement on how to in-terpret the Constitution, there is no question that Judge Scalia had a unique capacity to get beyond that. He will be missed by the Court for both his intellect and his friendship. He was an Associate Justice on the Court for al-most 30 years. He was a true constitu-tional scholar, both in his work before the Court and on the Court, and he brought a lifetime of understanding of the law to the Court. He began his legal career in 1961, practicing in private practice. In 1967, he became part of the faculty of the University of Virginia School of Law. In 1972, he joined the Nixon administra-tion as General Counsel for the Office of Telecommunications Policy, and from there he was appointed Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel. He brought a great deal of knowledge to his work and finished the first part of his career as a law pro-fessor at the University of Chicago, and that is the point where he became a judge. In 1982, President Reagan appointed him to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, a court that gets many of the cases that wind up on the Supreme Court. He was on that court for a little more than 4 years. In 1986, President Reagan nominated him to serve as an Associate Justice. He was an unwavering defender of the Constitution, and as a member of the Supreme Court, he had the ability to debate as perhaps no one had in a long time—and perhaps no one will for a long time. He had a sense of what the Constitution was all about and a sense of what the Constitution meant, and by that he meant what the Constitution meant to the people who wrote it. There is a way to change the Con-stitution. If the country and the Con-gress think that the Constitution is outmoded in the way that it would have been looked at by the people who wrote it, there is a process to do some-thing about that. That process was im-mediately used when the Bill of Rights was added to the Constitution and can still be used if people feel as though the Constitution no longer has the same meaning as what the people who wrote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.011 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S975 February 24, 2016 
it and voted on it thought it meant. Justice Scalia had the ability to bring that up in every argument and would sometimes argue against his own per-sonal views. He argued for what the Constitution meant and what it was in-tended to mean. His opinions were well reasoned, logical, eloquent, and often laced with both humor and maybe a lit-tle sarcasm, but they were grounded with the idea that judges should inter-pret the Constitution the way it was written. His contributions to the study of law left a profound mark on the legal pro-fession. Lawyers, particularly young lawyers in many cases, talk about the law differently than they did before Justice Scalia began to argue his view of what the Constitution meant and what the Court meant. He had a great legal mind. He was fun to be with. I will person-ally miss the opportunity to talk to him about the books we were reading or books the other one should read or maybe books that the other one should avoid reading because of the time re-quired to read it. He had a broad sense of wanting to challenge his own views and was able to challenge other peo-ple’s views not only in a positive way but in a way that he thought advanced the Constitution and what the Con-stitution meant to the country. As I stand here today, I am sure many people all over America and the people who the Scalias came into con-tact with are continuing to remember his family. Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife Maureen, their nine children, and their literally dozens of grandchildren. I am not sure if the number is 36 or 39, but it is an impres-sive number. Those who had a chance to see, be there, or read his son’s eloquent han-dling of the funeral service and the eu-logy can clearly see the great legacy he and Maureen Scalia left to the country. I am not a lawyer, which is often the most popular thing I say, so I don’t want to pretend to be a lawyer here talking about the law and the Con-stitution, but you don’t really need to be a brilliant lawyer to understand the Constitution or understand what Jus-tice Scalia was going to be. I was a history teacher before I came here, and I know the Presiding Officer was a university president. I was the first person in my family to graduate from college. I had unbelievable oppor-tunities because of where we live. We have the Constitution, and there is no magic as to the number of Jus-tices that should be sitting on the Court at any given time. In fact, the Constitution doesn’t even suggest what the number should be, and there have been different numbers over time. For some years now the number has been nine, but there have often not been nine Justices sitting. In the event of a recusal or some other reason that a Justice has to leave, such as resigning to do something else, there has often not been nine Justices. In fact, there have often been eight Justices. There has often been a Court that could eas-ily wind up in a 4-to-4 tie. In fact, since World War II, the Court has had only 8 Justices 15 times. Right after World War II and about a month after Harry Truman became President—when he was a Member of the Senate, he used the desk that I now get to use—he asked Justice Robert Jackson to be the chief prosecutor at Nuremberg. Justice Jackson then went to Nuremberg, and for the better part of a year and a half—from May of 1945 until October of 1946—he was not sit-ting on the Court and wasn’t making decisions on the Court. He was the chief prosecutor at the Nuremberg trials. A tie on the Court can do a lot of things. It can uphold a lower court de-cision. A tied Court can decide to re-hear a case, which is also not unusual in the history of the country. Again, you can be tied even if there are nine Justices and one of them, for whatever reason, decides not to participate in that case. When that happens, the Court can do a number of things and will. This is an important decision, and it is a decision in the shadow of the next election. We are 9 months and a few days away from people getting a chance to vote, and a lifetime appoint-ment on the Court is an important thing. Justice Scalia was appointed by Ron-ald Reagan and served for three dec-ades. He served for a quarter of a cen-tury after Ronald Reagan left the White House and for a decade after President Reagan died. This is some-thing worth thinking about, and frank-ly at this moment in history and in other moments in history when a va-cancy has occurred in an election year, it has often been the case that the deci-sion is that the American people ought to have a say on who sits in that Su-preme Court seat. That is what will happen this time, and I think it is the best thing to happen this time. There is a lot at stake. The Court has had 5-to-4 votes on decision after deci-sion. What the Court does on the Sec-ond Amendment matters, and what the Court does on the First Amendment matters. The first freedom in the First Amendment is freedom of religion. No other country was ever founded on the principle that the right to pursue your conscience and the right to pursue your faith is a principal tenant of the founding of this government. It was a principal tenet in the Revolution. More importantly, it was immediately added to the Constitution when there was some concern that maybe the Constitu-tion was not clear enough about this fundamental principle. During a time when the Obama ad-ministration is suing the Little Sisters of the Poor because the Little Sisters of the Poor doesn’t want their health care plan to be a plan that includes things that are different than their faith beliefs, freedom of religion is very important. That is one of the cases before the Court right now. I don’t know how the Court will decide to determine it. I do know there is a reason we should be concerned about freedom of religion, the right of conscience. President Jef-ferson, in writing to a church that asked him about individual freedom, said to that church—I think it might have been late in his administration, might have been an 1808 letter—of all the rights we have, right of conscience is the one we should hold most dear. The American people need to be think-ing about that as they determine the next President, who is likely to not just fill this vacancy but likely to fill more than one vacancy during their time in office. Mrs. Clinton says if she is elected President, she will not appoint any-body to the Supreme Court who will not reverse the freedom of speech case in Citizens United. Sounds to me as though the Presidential candidates are willing to make the Court a major issue in this campaign. Voters should have the right to make the Court a major issue in this campaign as well— freedom of religion, freedom of speech, the Second Amendment, the Tenth Amendment that says anything the Constitution doesn’t say the Federal Government is supposed to do is left to the States. The closer you are to where a problem is, when solving that prob-lem, the more likely you are going to get a commonsense solution. That is why that Tenth Amendment is there and why it needs to be vigorously ad-hered to. These are important times. Anytime we have an election in the country, there is always a sense that this may be the most important election we have ever had. They all are and par-ticularly an election where the con-stitutional principles of government, where Executive overreach, where reg-ulators who are unaccountable and out of control are one of the big concerns in America today. It is an important time to be thinking about the Supreme Court and an important time to be thinking about the responsibilities of citizens and the responsibilities of the next President of the United States. This President has every constitu-tional right and obligation to nominate somebody to a vacancy on the Supreme Court, but there is a second obligation in the Constitution; that is, the obliga-tion of the Senate to confirm that nomination. I have a view that the an-swer to that question is not this per-son, not right now because we are too close to making a big decision about the future of the country to not in-clude this process of what happens to the Supreme Court in that process. I wish the process of democracy well, the American people well as they think about these things, and the Senate well as we do the other work that the Con-stitution requires us to do. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.014 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES976 February 24, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
OUR ‘‘WE THE PEOPLE’’ DEMOCRACY Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, today I rise to address a topic under the broad notion of the first three words of our Constitution: ‘‘We the People.’’ These are the most important three words because they set out the theory, the strategy for our entire Constitu-tion and what it is all about, which is to ensure that we do not have govern-ment of, by, and for the most affluent in our society; or government of, by, and for the titans of commerce and in-dustry; but instead a government of, by, and for the people, the citizens. It is within the framework of this Con-stitution that we find many elements designed to preserve this ‘‘we the peo-ple’’ purpose. In recent years, in recent decades, we have had major attacks on the theory of our Constitution, ‘‘we the people.’’ We had the Buckley v. Valeo Supreme Court decision 40 years ago that said it is all right for the most affluent citi-zens in our society to drown out the people in the election process. We had Citizens United, which said the Con-stitution doesn’t say ‘‘we the people’’; it says ‘‘we the titans of commerce and industry; we the corporations.’’ So the Supreme Court has made several deci-sions that have taken us far afield, and we see the results of this. We see the impact of policies crafted by a legisla-ture elected with fabulous sums of money from the people at the height of our society, the height of power and in-fluence, of wealth and connections. Somehow, we have to reclaim our Constitution. In fact, this under-standing is something that is way off base, is the foundation of the frustra-tion we see across our Nation. We see it reflected in the Presidential campaigns this year on the Democratic side and on the Republican side. People know that something is wrong when over the last four decades virtually all addi-tional income in our economy has gone to the top 10 percent. People under-stand that the middle class is being squeezed and crushed. People are start-ing to see tent cities pop up in cities across our Nation because policies made here are no longer crafted for ‘‘we the people’’ but instead for ‘‘we the titans.’’ Well, I am going to rise repeatedly to address this challenge that is at the core of who we are as a nation, the core of our Constitution. Our Constitution is being attacked continuously, and we the people must fight back to reclaim it. The most recent attack has come from colleagues in this body who said they don’t want to honor the respon-sibilities that they took on when they took the oath of office. One of those re-sponsibilities is to give advice and con-sent on nominations. Recently, we have the majority leader who said: I don’t even want to talk to a nominee from the President, let alone take my responsibilities under the Constitution seriously to give advice and consent. So I thought it might be useful to go back and think a little bit about this advice-and-consent power and how it came to be, what it meant, and what it means for us to honor our responsi-bility today as Members of the U.S. Senate. In those days in which the Founders were crafting the Constitution, they had a couple of different theories about how they might possibly create this power, and some said it should go sole-ly to the Executive, solely to the Presi-dent. Others said that is too much power to concentrate in single hands, that it should go to the body of a legis-lature, it should go to an assembly. Some decades after our Constitution was signed, they had a Federalist Paper written by Alexander Hamilton that laid out this discussion. He noted—and I am going to quote at some length here—that the argument for the Executive is as follows: 
The sole and undivided responsibility of one man will naturally beget a livelier sense of duty and a more exact regard to reputa-tion. He will, on this account, feel himself under stronger obligations, and more inter-ested to investigate with care the qualities requisite to the stations to be filled, and to prefer with impartiality the persons who may have the fairest pretensions to them. 
So that was the argument for the President to exercise these powers. In addition, there was discussion of the weaknesses of an assembly, a body like the U.S. Senate having that re-sponsibility all to itself. Again, I will quote Alexander Hamilton: 
Hence, in every exercise of the power of ap-pointing to offices, by an assembly of men, we must expect to see a full display of all the private and party likings and dislikes, partialities and antipathies, attachments and animosities, which are felt by those who compose the assembly. The choice which may at any time happen to be made under such circumstances, will of course be the re-sult either of a victory gained by one party over the other, or of a compromise between the parties. In either case, the intrinsic merit of the candidate will be too often out of sight. 
So thus the argument for the Execu-tive over the assembly to have these appointing powers. But there was a concern, and that was, what if the Ex-ecutive, the President, goes off track? Wouldn’t it be useful to have a check on nominations when the Executive goes off track? So Hamilton explained why this check on the President’s nom-ination power was placed into the Con-stitution. Once more I quote: 
To what purpose then require the co-oper-ation of the Senate? I answer, that the ne-cessity of their concurrence would have a powerful, though, in general, a silent oper-ation. It would be an excellent check upon a spirit of favoritism in the President, and would tend greatly to prevent the appoint-ment of unfit characters from State preju-dice, from family connection, from personal attachment, or from a view to popularity. In addition to this, it would be an efficacious source of stability in the administration. He goes on to note that the body would be expected to approve most nominations, except when there are special and strong reasons for the re-fusal. So that is our job. That is how it is laid out, that we are to make sure the power the President has is not exer-cised in a way that results in unfit characters being appointed. Thus, this mutual system that took the strengths of the assembly as a check—that is, of the Senate—and the strength of the President in terms of accountability was combined. And Hamilton notes: ‘‘It is not easy to conceive a plan better calculated than this to promote a judi-cious choice of men for filling the of-fices of the Union.’’ So that is where we fit in. That is our role. We are to make sure that a nomi-nation—an individual has the prepara-tion, the qualifications, the character, if you will, to fill an office effectively. Hamilton points out in his conversa-tion that just the fact that the Senate will be reviewing the nominations will serve as a check for, if you will, off- track nominations, inappropriate nominations. During the time I have had a chance to be connected to the Senate—and that now spans four decades; it was 1976 when I came here as an intern for Sen-ator Hatfield—I have seen this body op-erate as envisioned in the Constitution. I saw this body operate as a simple ma-jority, with rare exception. The use of the filibuster was not used to paralyze, and the power of confirmation—of ad-vice and consent of the Constitution— was not used to systematically under-mine the President because he simply happened to be of a different party. It was not used to undermine the judici-ary by keeping judicial vacancies open. Indeed, when this body starts to oper-ate in that fashion—as it has been dur-ing the time I have been here as a Sen-ator, seeing across the aisle the effort to systematically change the makeup of the core by undermining the respon-sibility to give advice and consent— then we deeply polarize and undermine this important institution that is our judiciary. I must say, even though I have seen for years the effort to really harness some gain through the strategy of un-dermining the ability of the President to appoint, I never thought it would come to this. Article 2, section 2, declares that ‘‘the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.015 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S977 February 24, 2016 
It is a responsibility of the President to nominate. It is a responsibility of the Members of this body to give ad-vice and consent on that nomination. Yet here we are today with the major-ity of this body saying we do not take seriously our responsibility under the Constitution to give advice and con-sent. We have seen the process of really slowing—slow-walking nominations, but this is on a different scale of mag-nitude. It is our responsibility to have a committee vet the nominees, our re-sponsibility to have a floor debate on the floor, our responsibility to have a vote, and that certainly is a way the Senate has operated decade after dec-ade, century after century. I just have to ask each of my col-leagues across the aisle, do you find in this beautiful Constitution any phrase that says the President shall nominate but only in the first 3 of the 4 years he or she is in office? Can you find that in the Constitution? Can you truly raise your head and say you are doing your responsibility when you say: I only want to exercise my constitutional re-sponsibility of advice and consent 3 out of every 4 years, and then I will take a year off. I think if you read the Con-stitution you will find that is not what it says, and the American people know this. They know the Supreme Court is very important to calling the balls and strikes when actions or laws move into areas that are out of bounds. That is what the Supreme Court does. It makes sure our structure of laws and regula-tions stay within the bounds of the rights and rules of our Constitution. This is a critical part of the con-struction of American democracy. The Supreme Court serves as a check on the overreach of the President, the overreach of this body, and the over-reach of its regulators. It cannot do its job if it does not have a full set of members. Not since the Civil War has the Su-preme Court been left with a vacancy for more than a year, and of course the Civil War was a very unusual situation. Since the 1980s, every person appointed to the Supreme Court has been given a hearing and a vote within 100 days. Since 1975, on average, it has taken 2 months to confirm Supreme Court nominees. Despite what some of my colleagues claim, the President’s duty to make nominations to the Supreme Court does not disappear during a Presi-dential election year. Our responsi-bility to do advice and consent does not disappear in a Presidential year. Let’s look to history. More than a dozen Supreme Court Justices have been confirmed in the final year of a Presidency. More recently, Justice Kennedy, who is still on the bench, was confirmed in the last year of President Reagan’s final term. That was done by a Senate led by the opposite party. It was a Democratically controlled Sen-ate that honored its responsibility to give advice and consent. The American people spoke over-whelmingly when they reelected Presi-dent Obama in 2012 to a 4-year term. They expect him to fulfill his duties for a full 4 years. They expect us to do our duties under the Constitution. The cur-rent campaign events do not stop the responsibilities of the U.S. Senate. For the last 200 years, the Senate has car-ried out its duty to give a fair and timely hearing and a floor vote to the President’s Supreme Court nominees. Let us not change that position today, this week or this year. Let’s not only honor the tradition, let’s honor the constitutional responsibility. I note it is not only the Supreme Court we have to worry about. Last year the Senate confirmed just 11 Fed-eral judges, the fewest in any year since 1960—in the last 56 years. Only one Court of Appeals judge was con-firmed, the lowest in any given year since 1953. The number of judicial emergencies, where there are not enough judges confirmed to do the workload, has nearly tripled over the past year, from 12 in January 2015 to 31 judicial emergencies today. The obstruction is not limited simply to the judicial branch. The abuse of ad-vice and consent or disregard for the responsibility extends to the executive branch. When we elect a President, the President is not a President of the party, he or she is the President of a nation. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican, the President is our Presi-dent. Systematically using party poli-tics to undermine the individual be-cause they were elected from the oppo-site party diminishes the individuals who serve in this body, it diminishes the stature of this institution, and it diminishes the function of our Nation so carefully crafted in our Constitu-tion. Let’s ponder the path forward this year. Let’s not diminish this institu-tion by forsaking our responsibility. Let’s not politically polarize the Court that is so essential to making sure our laws and regulations and attitudes stay within the bounds of the Constitution. Let’s instead restore this institution. Let’s restore the Senate. Let it be at least as healthy as it was when we were youngsters serving here as interns, coming to DC for the first time or sim-ply reading about it in a book back home. Let’s restore the effectiveness of our judiciary. When we have judicial emer-gencies, we have justice delayed, and justice delayed is justice denied, and that does not honor the vision of the role of justice in the United States of America. So I call on my colleagues to end this obstruction that diminishes your serv-ice, diminishes this institution, and damages our Nation. In short, do your jobs. Work together as 100 Senators for the future of our Nation. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise today to address the recent vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court and to urge my colleagues to grant swift consideration of the President’s eventual nominee. Make no mistake, the passing of Jus-tice Antonin Scalia came as a great shock. Although Justice Scalia and I did not share a common view of the Constitution or of the country, I recog-nized that he was a man of great con-viction and, it should be said, a man of great humor. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, his friends, his clerks, and his colleagues. But we must now devote ourselves to the task of helping to select his successor. The Constitution—so beloved by Jus-tice Scalia—provides that the Presi-dent ‘‘shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . Judges of the su-preme Court.’’ Let us all remember that each and every Senator serving in this body swore an oath to support and defend that same Constitution. It is our duty to move forward. We must fulfill our constitutional obligation to ensure that the highest Court in the land has a full complement of Justices. Unfortu-nately, it would seem that some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle do not agree, and they wasted no time in making known their objections. Less than an hour after the news of Justice Scalia’s death became public, the majority leader announced that the Senate would not take up the business of considering a replacement until after the Presidential elections. ‘‘The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court justice,’’ he said. The only problem with the majority leader’s reasoning is that the American people have spoken. Twice. President Barack Obama was elected and then re-elected by a solid majority of the American people, who correctly under-stood that elections have con-sequences, not the least of which is that when a vacancy occurs, the Presi-dent of the United States has the con-stitutional responsibility to appoint a Justice to the Supreme Court. The Constitution does not set a time limit on the President’s ability to fulfill this duty, nor, by my reading, does the Con-stitution set a date after which the President is no longer able to fulfill his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.016 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES978 February 24, 2016 
duties as Commander in Chief or to ex-ercise his authority to, say, grant par-dons or make treaties. It merely states that the President shall hold office for a term of 4 years, and by my count, there are in the neighborhood of 11 months left. If we were truly to subscribe to the majority leader’s logic and extend it to the legislative branch, it would yield an absurd result. Senators would be-come ineffective in the last year of their terms. The 28 Senators who are now in the midst of their reelection campaigns and the 6 Senators who are stepping down should be precluded from casting votes in committee or on the Senate floor. Ten committee chairs and 19 subcommittee chairs should pass the gavel to a colleague who is not cur-rently running for reelection or pre-paring for retirement. Bill introduction and indeed the cosponsorship of bills should be limited to those Senators who are not yet serving in the sixth year of their terms. If the majority leader sincerely believes the only way to ensure that the voice of the Amer-ican people is heard is to lop off the last year of an elected official’s term, I trust he will make these changes, but I suspect he does not. Rather, it seems to me that the majority leader believes the term of just one elected official in particular should be cut short, which begs the question, just how should it be cut? As I said, by my count, approxi-mately 11 months remains in Barack Obama’s Presidency. Now, 11 months is a considerable amount of time. It is sizeable. It has heft, but I wouldn’t call it vast. Then again, there is a certain arbi-trariness to settling on 11 months. After all, it is just shy of a full year. Perhaps, in order to simplify matters, an entire year would be proper or maybe just 6 months, half a year. It is a difficult decision. If only the Amer-ican people had a voice in selecting precisely how much time we should shave off the President’s term. Of course, now that I mention it, there is a way to give the American people a voice in this decision. The ma-jority leader could propose a constitu-tional amendment. It would, of course, have to pass both Houses of Congress with a two-thirds majority, but that is not an insurmountable obstacle. Pro-vided it clears Congress, the amend-ment would then bypass the Presi-dent—which, in this case, would be very apt—and be sent to the States for their ratification. So if the majority leader truly wants the voters to decide how best to proceed, our founding doc-ument provides a way forward. Suggesting that the Senate should refuse to consider a nominee during an election year stands as a cynical af-front to our constitutional system, and it misrepresents our history. The Sen-ate has a long tradition of working to confirm Supreme Court Justices in election years. One need look no fur-ther than sitting Associate Justice An-thony Kennedy, a Supreme Court nominee appointed by a Republican President and confirmed by a Demo-cratic Senate in 1988—President Rea-gan’s last year in office—during an election year. So when I hear one of my colleagues say ‘‘It’s been standard practice over the last 80 years to not confirm Supreme Court nominees dur-ing a presidential election year,’’ I know that is not true. I am not the only one who knows that is not true. The fact-checking publication PolitiFact recently ob-served that ‘‘[s]hould Republican law-makers refuse to begin the process of confirming a . . . nomination, it would be the first time in modern history.’’ SCOTUSblog, an indisputable author-ity on all matters related to the Court, confirmed that the ‘‘historical record does not reveal any instances [in over a century] of the . . . Senate failing to confirm a nominee in a presidential year because of the impending elec-tion.’’ The fact is that there is a bipartisan tradition—a bipartisan tradition—of giving full and fair consideration to Supreme Court nominees. Since the Ju-diciary Committee began to hold hear-ings in 1916, every pending Supreme Court nominee, save nine, has received a hearing. And what happened to those nine nominees? They were confirmed within 11 days of being nominated. In 2001, during the first administra-tion of President George W. Bush, then-Judiciary Committee Chairman L
EAHY and Ranking Member H ATCH  sent a letter to their Senate colleagues making clear that the committee would continue its longstanding, bipar-tisan practice of moving pending Su-preme Court nominees to the full Sen-ate, even when the nominees were op-posed by a majority of the committee, but, regrettably, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are leaving that long tradition behind. Yesterday, every Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Committee sent a letter to the majority leader vowing to deny a hearing to the Presi-dent’s eventual nominee. ‘‘This com-mittee,’’ they wrote, ‘‘will not hold hearings on any Supreme Court nomi-nee until after our next President is sworn in on January 20th, 2017.’’ This marks a historic dereliction of the Sen-ate’s duty and a radical departure not just from the committee’s past tradi-tions but from its current practices. I know that my good friend Chair-man G
RASSLEY cares a great deal about maintaining the legacy of the Judici-ary Committee and the propriety of its proceedings. Under his leadership, we have seen the committee put country before party and move consensus, bi-partisan proposals. I had hoped Chair-man G
RASSLEY would approach the task of confirming our next Supreme Court Justice with the same sense of fairness and integrity. I still hope that. But I was very disappointed to learn that yesterday Chairman G
RASSLEY  gathered only Republican committee members in a private meeting where they unilaterally decided behind closed doors to refuse consideration of a nominee. The decision to foreclose even holding a hearing for a nominee to our Nation’s highest Court is shame-ful, and I suspect the American people share that view. The Supreme Court is a central pillar of our democracy. The women and men who sit on that bench make decisions that touch the lives of every single American, regardless of party or polit-ical persuasion. Now the Senate must do the same. We must honor our sol-emn duty to uphold the Constitution and to ensure that Americans seeking justice are able to have their day in court before a full bench of nine Jus-tices. I urge my colleagues to reject the im-pulse to put politics before our sworn duty to uphold the Constitution. I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor to my colleague from Utah. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. GARDNER ). The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was an extraordinary man whose contribu-tions to this country and the American people, whom he faithfully served from the bench, are so prodigious that it will take generations for us to fully com-prehend our debt of great gratitude to him. His untimely, recent death is a tragedy, and his legacy is a blessing to friends of freedom throughout this country and everywhere. Justice Scalia was a learned student of history and a man who relished, per-haps more than any other, a spirited, lively debate, so it is fitting that his passing has sparked a conversation in America, a spirited conversation about the constitutional powers governing the appointment of Supreme Court Justices and the historical record of Supreme Court vacancies that happen to open up during a Presidential elec-tion year. This debate gives the American peo-ple and their elected representatives in the Senate a unique opportunity to dis-cuss our Nation’s founding charter and history at a time when our collective choices have very real consequences, so it is important that this debate pro-ceed with candor, mutual respect, and deference to the facts. In that spirit, I wish to address and correct a few of the most pernicious errors, inaccuracies, fallacies, and fabrications we have heard from some of the loudest voices in this debate over the last few days. From the outset, I have maintained that the Senate should withhold its consent of a Supreme Court nomina-tion to fulfill Justice Scalia’s seat and wait to hold any hearings on a Su-preme Court nominee until the next President, whether it is a Republican or a Democrat, is elected and sworn in. This position is shared by all of my Re-publican colleagues on the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, consistent with the Senate’s powers in the appointment of Federal judges and supported by histor-ical precedent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.031 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S979 February 24, 2016 
In response, some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and many in the media have resorted to all man-ner of counterarguments, ranging from the historically and constitutionally inaccurate to the absurd, and in many cases, the claims made by some of my colleagues today flatly contradict their own statements from the past. I believe the plain meaning of the Constitution and the historical record are sufficiently clear to stand on their own as evidence that there is abso-lutely nothing unprecedented and abso-lutely nothing improper about the Sen-ate choosing to withhold its consent of a President’s nominee to the Supreme Court, so I would like to focus on one particular allegation offered by some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. With the letter and the spirit of the Constitution, as well as their own words standing against them, many have turned to fearmongering in a last- ditch effort to win the debate. They claim that leaving Justice Scalia’s seat vacant until the next President nomi-nates a replacement would somehow inflict a profound institutional injury on the Supreme Court by disrupting the resolution of this term’s cases be-fore the Court, a term including impor-tant cases on abortion, immigration, religious liberty, and mandatory union dues, among others, ensnaring the Court in endless gridlock with an even-ly split eight Justices on the bench and leaving it short-staffed for an unprece-dented and potentially prolonged pe-riod. Here, the doomsayers are on weak ground, indeed. Let’s look at each of these claims in turn. First, is it true—as many have claimed—that the business of the Su-preme Court will be obstructed or oth-erwise disrupted if the Senate with-holds its consent of President Obama’s nominee? Absolutely not. In recent history—in fact, since the nomination of Justice Scalia to the Su-preme Court in 1986—it has taken more than 70 days on average for the Senate to confirm or reject a nominee after that nominee has been formally sub-mitted by the President to the Senate for its advice and consent—more than 70 days on average. In many cases, it has taken far longer for the Senate to grant or withhold its consent. It took this body 108 days to reject Judge Rob-ert Bork and 99 days to confirm Justice Clarence Thomas. Presuming the modern historic aver-age would hold true for any future nominee, even if President Obama were to announce and refer a nominee to the Senate today for our advice and con-sent, the process would carry through until at least early May. But, signifi-cantly, the Supreme Court stops hear-ing cases in April, which means that even if President Obama were to an-nounce a nominee today, right now, and even if the Senate were to confirm that nominee in a period of time con-sistent with historical standards, that individual would not be seated in time to hear and rule upon any of the cases that are currently on the Court’s dock-et or any of the cases that are before the Court in this term. In other words, it would be historically anomalous for any of the cases currently pending be-fore the Court to be decided this term by a nine-member Supreme Court no matter what the Senate chooses to do regarding any future nominee. Let’s put this in perspective. In this scenario—a scenario endorsed by Sen-ate Democrats—it is highly unlikely that the nominee to fill Justice Scalia’s seat would hear oral argu-ments until the beginning of October, literally just a few weeks before the Presidential election. This proves that the main argument made by President Obama and his allies is based on a myth. In their telling, the Senate’s choice to withhold consent of a nomi-nee would deny President Obama a Su-preme Court Justice who will serve during his final year in the White House, but in reality, it is unlikely that the President’s nominee will join the Supreme Court until the country is just weeks away from choosing Presi-dent Obama’s replacement. I think most Americans recognize the problem of a President having the ability to re-shape the Supreme Court in his image on his way out of office, and that is ex-actly why the Senate is choosing to withhold its consent in this case. This is the right course not because of any-thing the Senate does or does not do and not because of anything the Presi-dent does or does not do, it is simply a function of the unfortunate timing of Justice Scalia’s death. Claims to the contrary are flatly contradicted by an empirical analysis of the Court’s his-tory. Second, the Senate’s decision to withhold consent will not lead to an in-tractable impasse or hopeless gridlock, even if the eventual appointee were to miss the entirety of the next term, which starts in October of 2016 and runs until the end of June 2017. In each of its previous 5 terms, the current Court has decided only 16 cases on average—or 23 percent of its case-load—by a 5-to-4 majority, and Justice Scalia was 1 of the 5 Justices in the majority in those 5-to-4 cases only about half of the time on average. That means that the vacancy left by Justice Scalia would result in about eight cases out of dozens being decided by a 4-to-4 split. In fact, in the last term served by Justice Scalia, the last com-plete term, he was in the majority in only six of those 5-to-4 cases, and in the year before that, the preceding term, Justice Scalia’s second to last term, he was in the majority in only five of the cases decided by a 5-to-4 ma-jority. What does this mean? Well, it means that it is likely that the effect of his absence on the final vote and ul-timate disposition of cases will be lower than even the average suggests. Instead of eight cases being decided by a 4-to-4 split in Justice Scalia’s ab-sence, it is likely to be closer to five or six, as it has been in the last two full terms of Justice Scalia’s service on the Court. Let’s not forget what should be obvi-ous: The sky does not fall when a 4-to- 4 split occurs on the Supreme Court; rather, the decision of the lower court is left standing. And if there is the prospect of a 4-to-4 split on a particu-larly salient matter, the Court always has the option of scheduling or re-scheduling the hearing for a later time when the Court will have all nine Jus-tices presiding and hearing the case. Finally, a vacancy on the Court last-ing through the Presidential election season will have no greater effect on the Court’s ability to decide cases than any number of instances in the past where the Court has had to decide mat-ters with eight Justices or even fewer. As recently as the Court’s 2010-to-2011 term, the Court had to decide over 30 cases with eight or fewer Justices, al-most entirely as a result of recusals arising from Justice Kagan’s nomina-tion. Likewise, following the retirement of Justice Powell in 1987, the Court had to act on 80 cases with 8 or fewer justices. This was a result of Democratic opposi-tion to Judge Bork and the eventual late-February confirmation of Anthony Kennedy, coupled with dozens of recusals by Kennedy and other Justices later in that term. In the October term of 1945, the Court functioned as an eight-member body while Justice Robert Jackson was serv-ing as a prosecutor in Nuremberg, act-ing on a full term’s caseload without him. Tellingly, when Justice Jackson expressed concern about missing so many cases and actually considered re-turning early for that reason, Justice Felix Frankfurter wrote to encourage Justice Jackson to stay on as a pros-ecutor, stating that his absence was not ‘‘sacrificing a single interest of im-portance.’’ Compared to today, the Court had a larger workload and issued many more opinions during that term in which Justice Jackson was absent. This suggests that a vacancy of a simi-lar duration as Jackson’s full-term sab-batical would be even less damaging to the Court’s functioning than the ab-sence of Justice Jackson—an absence that, to reiterate, did not sacrifice ‘‘a single interest of importance.’’ The next President’s future nominee is unlikely to miss as many cases as Justices Kennedy or Jackson missed. These are the facts, Mr. President. They can’t be ignored nor can they be wished away. If we are going to have a serious, honest debate about the va-cancy left by Justice Scalia’s tragic passing, we must proceed on the basis of these facts. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, since the beginning of our Nation, the U.S. Senate has maintained an important bipartisan tradition of giving fair con-sideration to Supreme Court nominees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.033 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES980 February 24, 2016 
Article II, section 2 of the Constitution is unambiguous about the respective duties and responsibilities of the Presi-dent and the Senate when there is a Supreme Court vacancy. The Founders did not intend these roles to be op-tional or something to be disregarded. Article II also states that the Presi-dent shall hold his office during the term of 4 years, not 3 years or 3 years and 1 month, but 4 full years. The Constitution plainly says that it is the President’s duty to nominate a Supreme Court Justice and it is the Senate’s duty to provide advice and consent on that nomination. Through-out our history, Senators have done their constitutional duty by consid-ering and confirming Supreme Court Justices in the final year of a Presi-dency. In fact, the Senate has done that 14 times, most recently in 1988, when the Senate confirmed Justice An-thony Kennedy, who was President Reagan’s nominee to the Supreme Court. He sent that nomination over to the Democratic majority in this body. Almost 28 years ago exactly to the day in February of 1988, the Democratic majority in the Senate confirmed Re-publican President Ronald Reagan’s ju-dicial nomination, Anthony Kennedy, unanimously 97–0. They didn’t debate whether it was a Presidential year and whether they could act. It was in the middle of a hard-fought election. It was not at all clear what the outcome of that election was going to be. Since 1975, the average length of time from nomination to a confirmation vote for the Supreme Court—that is the average length of time; sometimes it has taken longer and sometimes it has been shorter—but since 1975, the average length of time has been 67 days because our predecessors in the Senate recognized how important it is for the Supreme Court to be fully functioning. Unfortunately, this week we are see-ing this bipartisan tradition regarding the Court being put at risk. Yesterday we heard the majority leader say that if the President nominates a person to the Supreme Court—any person, no matter how superbly qualified—there will be no hearings and no vote. We even heard some Senators say they would refuse to meet with any poten-tial nominee. I think that is very un-fortunate. It is unfortunate for a number of rea-sons, probably first and foremost be-cause the people of the United States expect us to work together here in Washington to do the job of the coun-try—to do the jobs we were elected to do—and because the current Presi-dent’s term ends in January of 2017. That is more than 300 days from now. During that time, the Supreme Court will hear many important cases, but if the majority in the Senate has their way, the Court will do so without a full roster of Justices. As Brianne Gorod of the Constitution Accountability Center has said, and I quote: The consequences of the Supreme Court being without all nine justices for so long can hardly be overstated. Most significant, a long-standing va-cancy would compromise the Court’s ability to perform one of its most im-portant functions, that is, establishing a uniform rule of law for the entire country. Every Senator here has sworn to sup-port and defend the Constitution—full stop. That is the oath we have taken. Our oath doesn’t say to uphold the Constitution most of the time or only when it is not a Presidential election year or only when it is convenient for us or only when we like the ideology that is being presented to us. Our oath says to uphold and defend the Constitu-tion every day, no matter what the issue is that comes before us. The American people expect us as Senators to be faithful to our oath. They also ex-pect us to do our jobs regardless of whether it is a Presidential election year. I believe we should respect our oath of office. I believe we should do the job we were sent here to do by the Amer-ican people. I believe we should follow the Constitution. As former Justice Sandra Day O’Connor said last week, and I quote again, ‘‘I think we need somebody [on the Supreme Court] now to do the job, and let’s get on with it.’’ I say, let’s get on with it. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I join the Nation in offering my heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Justice Scalia, who was an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. For more than three decades, Justice Scalia devoted himself to the rule of law and public service at the highest levels. Whether you agreed or disagreed with his decisions, there is no debate about Justice Scalia’s profound impact on the Supreme Court. He served his country with great honor. I was privileged to serve as a member of the Judiciary Committee when I first joined the Senate. I participated in confirmation hearings for judicial nominees for both President Bush and President Obama, including the hear-ings for Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan. The Constitution spells out quite clearly what happens when a vacancy occurs on the Supreme Court. Article II, section 2, of the Constitution states that the President ‘‘shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Con-sent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . Judges of the supreme Court.’’ The American people twice elected President Obama to 4-year terms in of-fice. Their voices have been heard very clearly. Elections have consequences, and President Obama must carry out the constitutional responsibilities and duties of his office by nominating a successor for Justice Scalia. The Presi-dent is simply doing the job that the American people elected him to do. The President doesn’t stop working simply because it is an election year. He has more than 300 days left in of-fice, as do the Senators who will face the voters this November. Congress should not stop working, either, in this election year and should earn their full paycheck. So my message is clear. Do your job. It is our responsibility to take up the nominations the President will submit to us. And I think the American people will ultimately demand that the Sen-ate do its job and not threaten to stop working simply to coddle and pander to the most extreme fringe elements of its base, as was done when the government shut down a few years ago with the flirtation of a default on the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. Just as the President is carrying out his constitutional duties, so should the Senate. My colleagues in the Senate took an oath to support the Constitu-tion. It is only February, leaving the Senate plenty of time before the elec-tions to consider a nomination that President Obama will make in the coming weeks. I find it disgraceful that my Repub-lican colleagues would try to obstruct the nomination before the nominee has even been named. Our job as Senators is to examine the qualifications of the nominee for the position. The Senate should get to work once President Obama makes his nomination, in a process that usually takes around two months. If you look over the history of nomi-nations that have been made by a President on Supreme Court nominees in the amount of time the Senate has considered those nominations, the av-erage is 2 to 3 months. Let me remind you, we have almost a year left in this term of Congress. There is plenty of time. The Senate Judiciary Committee has historically reported nominees to the floor even if the nominee did not garner a majority vote in the com-mittee. And then let the Senate work its will to either confirm or reject the President’s nominee. The tradition of the Senate is to allow each Senator to vote yea or nay on a nomination to the Supreme Court of the United States. That has been the tradition of the Senate. Of course, every Senator has the right to vote no. Senators were elected for 6-year terms by the citizens of their State and have the right and obligation to vote. Presi-dent Obama was elected by the people of the United States for a 4-year term and has the right and obligation to nominate. History has shown that when the roles were reversed and the Democrats held the majority in the Senate, Su-preme Court and judicial nominees for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.034 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S981 February 24, 2016 
Republican Presidents were given hear-ings and up-and-down votes regardless of when the vacancy occurred. Justice Kennedy was confirmed to the Supreme Court in the last year of President Ronald Reagan’s final term in 1988. Other examples of Presidential elec-tion-year confirmations include Jus-tice Murphy in 1940, Justice Cardozo in 1932, and Justice Brandeis in 1916. And the Democratic-controlled Senate con-firmed numerous judicial nominees of President George W. Bush throughout his final year in office, including near-ly a dozen judges in September 2008, just weeks before the election of Presi-dent Obama. While I might have picked different judges as a Senator, I voted to confirm the vast majority of President Bush’s judicial nominations in his final year in office. I will continue to carry out my constitutional responsibilities that I undertook when I became Senator and swore to support the Constitution. In my view, Justice Scalia would ex-pect nothing less than for the Presi-dent and the Congress to follow the let-ter and spirit of the Constitution, our Nation’s most fundamental legal docu-ment. Justice Scalia wrote a 2004 opin-ion about the importance of having all nine Justices on the Supreme Court. He stated that without a full com-plement of Justices, the Court—I am quoting from Justice Scalia—‘‘will find itself unable to resolve the significant legal issues’’ in pending cases and that a vacancy ‘‘impairs the functioning of the Court.’’ Justice Scalia understood the impor-tance to have nine Supreme Court Jus-tices. Are we really going to allow there to be a vacancy for that ninth seat for a year? Former Justice Rehnquist, when he was an Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court in 1972, wrote that the prospect of affirming lower court judg-ments by an equally divided court was ‘‘undesirable’’ because ‘‘the principle of law presented by [each] case is left un-settled.’’ When there is a circuit split, Justice Rehnquist continued, ‘‘the prospect of affirmance by an equally divided Court, unsatisfactory enough in a single case, presents even more se-rious problems where companion cases reaching opposite results are heard to-gether here. . . . [A]ffirmance of each of such conflicting results by an equal-ly divided Court would lay down ‘one rule in Athens, and another rule in Rome’ with a vengeance.’’ What Justice Rehnquist was saying is when we have different appellate court decisions—one circuit ruling one way and another circuit ruling another way—they come to the Supreme Court, we have conflicting interpretations, and we have the Supreme Court of the United States to resolve that dif-ference. What happens if there is a 4-to-4 vote? We have different rules in the Fourth Circuit than in the Third Cir-cuit. That is why we have a Supreme Court. And for a year-plus we are going to say we are not going to allow the full complement to be there? I am also privileged to serve as the ranking member of the Senate Com-mittee on Foreign Relations and the ranking member and former chair of the Helsinki Commission. I must tell my colleagues, as I meet with heads of foreign governments, parliamentarians and judges overseas, I feel great pride in that America has created inde-pendent judges where a neutral fact- finder decides the case based on the law and the facts and cannot be fired for making a decision that offends the gov-ernment or the politically powerful. I really do believe the Supreme Court and Federal judiciary are some of the crown jewels of our American system of government and the envy of the world. That is why I am so disgusted and disappointed today with the major-ity’s attempt to abdicate their respon-sibilities as Senators and as Americans by not doing their job and simply ob-structing the operation of good govern-ance for partisan political purposes. I say that because the Republican mem-bers of the Judiciary Committee have written a letter saying they are not even going to take up this nomination. There will not even be any hearings. Do your job. Our job is to consider a nomination that is submitted by the President. What the Republicans are effectively trying to do is to temporarily shrink the Supreme Court from nine to eight Justices and shorten the term of the President from 4 years to 3 years. That is not in the Constitution. This is dis-graceful and indefensible. Frankly, it reminds me of the arguments Repub-licans used in 2013 when they accused President Obama of trying to pack the court when they announced they would not support further nominees to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. No, President Obama was not trying to pack the court by changing the number of seats on the court. He was merely nomi-nating individuals to existing vacan-cies on the court that were authorized by Congress by an enacted statute. That is the President’s responsibility. Let me remind my colleagues that Congress has the authority to pass a statute that is signed into law by the President or by overriding his veto. What Congress cannot and the Senate should not do is purport to shrink the size of the court, be it the Supreme Court or district court or circuit court, by simply refusing to even consider a nominee until the next President takes office. If this decision by the Republicans is allowed to stand, it would create an ar-tificial vacancy for over a full year, spanning two terms of the Court, which would be unprecedented since the Civil War. We recall that after the last cen-tury, Supreme Court nominees have re-ceived timely hearings and consider-ations by the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee and the full Senate. It matters if the Supreme Court is not fully operational and gridlocks in 4-to-4 ties. Under that scenario, the di-vision of the lower court stands, even when there is a split among the cir-cuits where only the Supreme Court could and should clarify the law. This will lead to more uncertainty, litiga-tion, wasted time and resources, and ultimately delay and deny justice for the American people. It would be a great tragedy—and po-tentially do long-term damage to the Supreme Court and the independent ju-diciary—if the Republican strategy of delay and obstruction prevails. I urge my colleagues: Do your job. Do your job. When the President submits the nomination for the Supreme Court va-cancy created by the death of Justice Scalia, schedule a timely hearing and establish a reasonable schedule for the Senate and each of its 100 Members to vote yea or nay on the person the President submits as a nominee for the Supreme Court. That is our responsi-bility. We need to do our job. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, former Chief Justice Warren Burger once ex-plained the historical significance of the U.S. Constitution as follows. He wrote that ‘‘in the last quarter of the 18th century, no nation in the world was governed with separated and di-vided powers providing checks and bal-ances on the exercise of authority by those who governed.’’ The Chief Justice went on to call the Constitution ‘‘a remarkable docu-ment—the first of its kind in all of human history.’’ Chief Justice Burger was right. The Constitution is remarkable, and it is remarkable not only for what it says but how it says it. In some places the Constitution speaks in poetry, like the Preamble that begins with ‘‘We the People of the United States,’’ and talks of ‘‘a more perfect Union’’ and ‘‘the Blessings of Liberty.’’ In other places, the Constitution is simple prose, but given the importance of every single word in the text of the Constitution, the Founding Fathers wrote in plain, concise, and under-standable language. That clarity can be found in the ad-vice and consent clause of article II, section 2. Its words could not be clear-er. It simply states that the President of the United States ‘‘shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Con-sent of the Senate, shall appoint Am-bassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and Judges of the supreme Court.’’ There is no ambiguity there. It is not an invitation to reinterpretation. The President’s obligation under the Con-stitution is crystal clear. He shall nominate someone to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. President Obama has stated that he will fulfill his obligation and send the Senate an eminently qualified nominee to fill the vacancy created by the un-fortunate passing of Justice Antonin Scalia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.035 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES982 February 24, 2016 
When President Obama does that, it will be the Senate’s turn to fulfill its obligation under the Constitution. The text of the Constitution on the Senate’s responsibility is similarly clear. The Senate is to provide its ad-vice and consent. Let me repeat that. The Senate is to provide its advice and consent. Advice and consent does not mean the Senate disregards the Constitution and ignores a nomination to the Su-preme Court. It is advice and consent, not avoid and contempt. The advice and consent clause is not the constitutional equivalent of Roger Maris’s home run statistics. There is no asterisk in the Constitution that di-rects readers to small print that says ‘‘except in an election year.’’ There is no fine print in the Constitution that says the Senate is to give its advice and consent except in the last year of a President’s term. Despite the clear constitutional in-struction on how the executive and leg-islative branches are to handle a va-cancy on the Supreme Court, the Re-publicans on the Judiciary Committee yesterday unilaterally decided they would not hold a hearing on a Supreme Court nominee to fill Justice Scalia’s seat until after the upcoming Presi-dential election. This partisan decision to obstruct is a drastic departure from long-established practice and proce-dure in filling Supreme Court vacan-cies. The Senate has routinely con-firmed Supreme Court Justices in the final year of a Presidency. In fact, it has happened more than a dozen times, most recently with the confirmation of Justice Anthony Kennedy during the last year of Ronald Reagan’s second term as President. In the last 100 years, the Senate has taken action on every Supreme Court nominee regardless of whether the nomination was made in a Presidential election year. So the American people now have to deal with two vacancies: one on the Su-preme Court and the other in the judg-ment of Senate Republicans because they seem willing to go to unprece-dented lengths to stop this constitu-tionally mandated process from mov-ing forward. Republican Senators’ reading words into the Constitution to reach the re-sult they want is no different from the so-called judicial activism on the bench they routinely decry. The Republicans would rather shirk their constitutional responsibility than let President Obama appoint another Justice to the Court. They would rath-er deprive the country of a fully func-tioning Supreme Court than fulfill their constitutional duty, not just for the remainder of this term but for the next term of the Supreme Court as well. Now, why is that? Well, because a Justice of the Supreme Court has only one vote, but a single seat on the Court and a single vote that comes with it can carry enormous significance. We need only look at this divided Supreme Court’s recent 5-to-4 decisions to un-derstand why Republicans prefer a va-cancy on the Supreme Court. With only eight justices instead of nine, the Court’s decisions can deadlock with a 4-to-4 vote. A tie vote leaves in place the lower court decision that has been appealed to the Supreme Court. A 4-to- 4 deadlock can have far-reaching con-sequences. Take Bush v. Gore, the 2000 decision that stopped Florida’s vote recount in the 2000 Presidential election. Bush v. Gore was decided by a 5-to-4 vote. If a seat on the Supreme Court had been vacated, resulting in a 4-to-4 vote, then the outcome of that election could have been different. So that is pretty much the con-sequence here. It is going to have, without question, some impact on how these decisions are going to be made, but it is without any full comprehen-sion of what that change could be, only because nine human beings are in-volved, but there is a responsibility that we have in the Senate to ensure that we, in fact, have a full Supreme Court. The President shall nominate. That is without question the duty he has. We shall provide advice and consent. That is our duty. We don’t have to give con-sent at the end of the day. We can have a vote on the Senate floor to determine whether someone is, in fact, going to be confirmed, but we have that con-stitutional responsibility. There is still ample time for the President to submit a nomination, for the Judiciary Committee to hold hear-ings on it, and for the full Senate to vote on it. The U.S. Constitution remains a re-markable document. Let us treasure it, not twist it. Let us respect it, not run from it. Let us fulfill our constitu-tional obligations and have a hearing on the President’s nominee and a vote by the Senate. In other words, to the U.S. Senate: Do your job. It is in the Constitution. There is no way you can run from a clear interpretation of what the Constitution requires us to do once the President has nominated a new candidate for the Supreme Court. There are direct instructions for the President in the Constitution and there are direct instructions for us in the Senate. Let us hope that after the President nominates a candidate, that this body deliberates, listens to all the testi-mony, and then has a vote on whether that person is qualified to serve on the Supreme Court, but the only way that is going to happen is if this body does its job. So we ask the Members of the majority to ensure that happens. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L EE). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am here today to urge this body to ful-fill its constitutional duty and take ac-tion on the Supreme Court nominee who shortly will be submitted by Presi-dent Obama. I come here not only as a U.S. Senator but also as a former Fed-eral prosecutor, a U.S. attorney in Con-necticut from 1977 to 1981, a former State attorney general for 20 years, and a veteran of four arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court. I am also here as a former law clerk to Justice Harry Blackmun, and I share with the Pre-siding Officer the experience of having had that supremely important and formative experience, and, of course, it shapes my view as well of the Court. I have immense respect and awe for the position and power and eminence of the U.S. Supreme Court, its role in our democracy, and its history of scholar-ship and public service. I have the same admiration for Justice Antonin Scalia, and I take this moment to remember his uniquely American life. As the son of an immigrant, he was a dedicated public servant, a gifted writ-er, and a powerful speaker. I heard him speak on a number of occasions and ar-gued before him in the Court in a num-ber of memorable exchanges. His sense of humor and his quickness of wit and insight remain with me now. As all of my colleagues will attest, he dedicated his life to serving the public, which can be demanding and difficult at times, but his life showed, as we know, that the difficulties and the demands are well worth the rewards. My thoughts are with his wife Maureen and his en-tire family. My personal view, speaking only for myself, is that one way to honor Jus-tice Scalia is to adhere to the Constitu-tion, to follow its words, which are very explicit on the topic of nomi-nating and confirming a Supreme Court Justice and which give us the role of advising and consenting after the President has nominated. I hope we will fulfill our constitutional duty to advise and consent—to do our job, lit-erally, to do our job as we were elected and took an oath of office to do. That is what we are paid to do—our job as prescribed by the Constitution. I fun-damentally reject the notion that the Senate’s refusal to act, as laid out in no uncertain terms by my Republican colleagues, fulfills this obligation. In fact, the abdication of responsibility through this rejection is disrespectful to that document and to the Court itself. President Obama has indicated that he is currently engaged in a thoughtful and deliberative process, working to se-lect a nominee with the intellect and integrity that will persuade the Amer-ican public and hopefully also the Sen-ate to support his suggestion. His nom-ination would allow the Supreme Court to function again with the nine mem-bers who are essential to its delibera-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.037 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S983 February 24, 2016 
The conclusions my colleagues ad-vance during such a process will, of course, be to each of them to decide. I will be, in fact, among the most exact-ing and demanding of our colleagues who question that nominee in a hear-ing, who seek answers in screening and researching the expertise and experi-ence of that person. In no way should the Judiciary Committee, on which I serve, or the U.S. Senate, where we all serve, act as a rubberstamp. No way. No rubberstamp. We must advise as well as consent, and advising means being demanding and careful. But I think we have an obligation to go through that process. We can’t just say, sight unseen, no. We can’t say that we are going to leave it to the next elected Senate or the next elected President. We have been elected and he has been elected to do our job. The Supreme Court must have a full complement of Justices to effectively address some of the most complex issues and consequential legal chal-lenges our Nation faces today. Put aside the merits of each—whether it is immigration or affirmative action, women’s reproductive rights, voting rights—decisions are needed. The lack of decision has consequences, just as elections have consequences. Obstruction has consequences, too, and we cannot afford to weaken the Federal judiciary’s capacity for effec-tive governance. We can’t allow a man-ufactured crisis in the Senate to plunge another branch of government into gridlock and to plague the judiciary with the same partisan paralysis that is so detested by the American people. In fact, the rejection of our constitu-tional responsibility to do our job would epitomize the gridlock and par-tisan contention that America finds so abhorrent today. Like my colleagues, I go around the State of Connecticut, and what people say to me more com-monly than anything else is ‘‘Why can’t you do your job? Why can’t you get stuff done?’’ Let’s get this done. Statements by Majority Leader M
CCONNELL and Chairman G RASSLEY , as well as a number of my other col-leagues, have indicated that President Obama’s nominee to the highest Court in the land should not even be consid-ered, but turning our backs on that constitutional obligation to act would be equivalent to shutting down the government. It is of exactly the same kind of consequence. It may not be as far-reaching in its immediate effect, but it has the same long-term con-sequences, which are not merely to pre-vent decisions and actions from hap-pening—necessary decisions and ac-tions—but also to undermine credi-bility and faith and trust in our gov-ernment. When it comes to the Congress or the President, maybe that credibility is of lesser importance, but it is a chief asset of our judiciary. The Supreme Court of the United States has no ar-mies or police force. It commands the Nation’s respect through its credi-bility. It enforces obeyance by virtue of that credibility. This posture by my Republican col-leagues threatens to drag a vital, non-partisan institution into the morass of procedural gamesmanship and elec-toral mudslinging—the kind of game playing and gamesmanship that has so disillusioned and dismayed Americans more broadly. As I have discussed this process with the people of Connecticut, I have heard outrage over this attempt to hamstring the Supreme Court, which looks like the recent, similarly illogical process of shutting down the government. If my Republican colleagues want to reject a nominee, that is their right. After a hearing, they can vote no. They may have reason, and those reasons may be subjective or fact-based and ob-jective. But to simply deny any consid-eration—even a meeting with a nomi-nee—is stark obstructionism. It is an extreme version of the phenomenon that has frozen this body for much too long. The majority campaigned in 2014 on restoring law and getting things done. They promised Americans everywhere that the new Senate majority would usher in an end to gridlock on Capitol Hill. We made some progress—too slow, too little—but moving in the right di-rection will be forestalled, if not doomed, by this obstructionism, and these promises would be broken if the Senate refuses to act. At this critical time, we cannot hold the highest level of an entire branch of government hostage because of polit-ical gamesmanship. That is not what the American people elected us to do, and it is not what the American people deserve. Doing so would dishonor the bipartisan tradition of providing a hearing and a vote for a Supreme Court nominee, which is our constitutional obligation and has been followed by past Senates. Even when a nominee during Presi-dent Reagan’s Presidency was nomi-nated 14 months before the election and even though the vote came during the last year of that President’s term in office, Justice Kennedy was con-firmed. We should do the same. Why not? There is plenty of time between now and then to give deliberate due consideration to the President’s nomi-nee. I hope that the outrage and outcry from the American people will per-suade my colleagues to reconsider, re-flect, and reverse this disastrous course. In fact, I believe they will re-lent because this course is dangerous to the Court, damaging to our Nation, and ultimately destructive to our de-mocracy. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, we are here on this conflict we have over a Supreme Court nominee, which has turned into a considerable, unprece-dented fuss, I believe, for a fairly sim-ple reason. The elephant, so to speak, in the room is that the Court has be-come a political actor under Chief Jus-tice Roberts. The rightwing bloc on the Court delivered politically because it had a 5-to-4 majority. Now their right-wing majority is gone, and Republicans are predictably upset. Justice Frankfurter admonished: But it is not the business of this Court to pronounce policy. It must observe a fas-tidious regard for limitations on its own power, and this precludes the Court’s giving effect to its own notions of what is wise or politic. 
Well, that was then. The five-judge bloc on the Roberts Court, of which Justice Scalia was an essential part, systematically and predictably pro-nounced policy in favor of three things: No. 1, conservative ideology; No. 2, the welfare of big corporations; and No. 3, the electoral well-being of the Repub-lican Party. And people noticed. Linda Greenhouse wrote that it is ‘‘impos-sible to avoid the conclusion that the Republican-appointed majority is com-mitted to harnessing the Supreme Court to an ideological agenda.’’ Other noted Court watchers, such as Norm Ornstein and Jeffrey Toobin, agree. As Jeffrey Toobin noted, the pattern of de-cisions ‘‘has served the interests, and reflected the values, of the contem-porary Republican party.’’ Columnist Dana Milbank observed of a recent de-cision that ‘‘the Roberts Court has found yet another way to stack the deck in favor of the rich.’’ The Court has become so political that Justices Scalia and Thomas have attended the Koch brothers’ secretive annual polit-ical conference. Just this week, Ms. Greenhouse wrote, ‘‘[T]he conservative majority is permitting the court to be-come an agent of partisan warfare to an extent that threatens real damage to the institution.’’ It is not just the Court watchers who have noticed; less than one-third of Americans have confidence in the Su-preme Court. Americans massively op-pose its Citizens United decision—80 percent against, with 71 percent strongly opposed. Most tellingly, by a ratio of 9 to 1, Americans now believe the Court treats corporations more fa-vorably than individuals. Even con-servative Republicans agree, by a 4-to- 1 margin, that this Court treats cor-porations more favorably than individ-uals. Let’s take a look at the Court’s deci-sions in these three areas: election pol-itics, corporate interests, and the con-servative social agenda. In elections decisions, the Court’s Republican-appointed majority always seems to come down on the side that helps the election prospects of the Re-publican Party. The Voting Rights Act, for example, protects minority access to the ballot, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.038 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES984 February 24, 2016 
and in States that had long histories of discriminating against minority vot-ers, it required preclearance of voting restrictions. In the 5-to-4 Shelby Coun-ty decision, the Republican-appointed Justices gutted that preclearance re-quirement. Predictably, the result was almost immediate enactment across many States of voter-suppression laws. The Washington Post described, for in-stance, the ‘‘surgical precision with which North Carolina Republicans ap-proved certain forms of photo IDs for voting and excluded others.’’ Texas, for another instance, allowed gun permits for voting but not State university IDs. And even where these voter-suppres-sion laws ultimately fail in court, Re-publicans still gain the benefit of fewer Democrats in the electorate while they are litigated. The conservative judges’ decisions on gerrymandering are a second example. ‘‘Gerrymandering’’ is named after Mas-sachusetts Governor Elbridge Gerry and his efforts to shape the district of a State senator he needed to protect. A clever modern variant of gerry-mandering has emerged—bulk gerry-mandering—which looks at the whole congressional delegation of a State. This tactic isolates Democrats into small, supersaturated Democratic dis-tricts so that majority-Republican dis-tricts can be created out of the remain-der of the State. By manipulating the districts this way through its so-called REDMAP project, Republicans delivered congres-sional delegations that didn’t reflect the State’s popular vote, over and over. For instance, when Pennsylvania vot-ers went to the polls in 2012, Demo-cratic votes for Congress outnumbered Republican votes by a little over 80,000. Pennsylvania also reelected President Obama that year and our colleague, Democratic Senator B
OBCASEY . But Pennsylvania at that ballot sent a House delegation to Congress of 5 Democrats and 13 Republicans—more votes for Democrats, more Republicans in the delegation by 13 to 5. This was not just a Pennsylvania fluke. In 2012, Ohio voted for Barack Obama for President and returned our Democratic colleague S
HERROD BROWN  to the Senate but sent 12 Republicans to Congress and only 4 Democrats. Wis-consin voted for Obama in 2012 and elected progressive Senator T
AMMY  B
ALDWIN to the Senate but sent five Republicans and only three Democrats to Congress. The Republican organization behind REDMAP bragged of this achievement. I will quote REDMAP’s memo: 
[A]ggregated numbers show voters pulled the lever for Republicans only 49 percent of the time in congressional races, [but] Repub-licans enjoy a 33-seat margin in the U.S. House seated yesterday in the 113th Con-gress, having endured Democratic successes atop the ticket and over one million more votes cast for Democratic House candidates than Republicans. 
This gerrymandering ran wild be-cause in a Supreme Court case called Vieth v. Jubelirer, four Republican Justices announced that they would no longer question whether gerry-mandering interfered with any con-stitutional voting rights. One, Justice Kennedy, left a glimmer of light, but the practical effect was to announce open season for gerrymandering. As the American Bar Association’s publica-tion on redistricting has noted, ‘‘The Court’s recent decisions appear to give legislators leeway to preserve partisan advantage as zealously as they like when drawing district lines.’’ In prac-tice, gerrymandering of Congress squarely benefited Republicans. A third example is campaign finance decisions, the most noticeable being Citizens United, but a constellation of decisions surrounds Citizens United, beginning with Justice Powell’s 1978 opinion in First National Bank of Bos-ton v. Belloti. The careful work of Re-publican appointees on the Court over many years to open American politics to corporate spending has conferred ob-vious political advantage to the Repub-lican Party, and, as many news outlets reported, it was Republicans who cheered the Citizens United decision. So, in elections, it is three for three in favor of the Republican Party. Turning from elections to the con-servative agenda on social issues, such as religion and abortion and gun con-trol, let’s start with the District of Co-lumbia v. Heller decision, a Second Amendment decision in which this same five-man bloc created, for the first time in our history, an individual right to keep firearms for self-defense. As recently as 1991, this doctrine was such a fringe theory that it was pub-licly described by retired Chief Justice Warren Burger as ‘‘one of the greatest pieces of fraud, I repeat the word ‘fraud,’ on the American public by spe-cial interest groups that I have ever seen in my lifetime.’’ That was the the-ory which five on the Court adopted. As one author noted, ‘‘Five Justices on the Supreme Court were able to rein-terpret, by some standards radically, the Second Amendment’s right to keep and bear arms as a personal, not a col-lective right in Heller.’’ At the wall separating church and state, the bloc of five chipped steadily away: Christian crosses in public parks, Federal tax credits funding reli-gious schools, Christian prayer at leg-islative meetings. As constitutional scholar Erwin Chemerinsky summed it up: ‘‘Rather than obliterating the wall separating church and state all at once, the Roberts Court’s opinions are dismantling it brick by brick.’’ Four decades ago, Roe v. Wade recog-nized a wall of privacy in the Constitu-tion between the government and a woman’s private medical decisions. In this context, the court has long re-quired State laws barring late-term abortions to have an exception to pro-tect the health of the mother. Then the Roberts Court upheld a ban on the pro-cedure that had no exception for the health of the mother. As Justice Ginsburg stated in her dis-sent: ‘‘[T]he Act and the Court’s de-fense of it cannot be understood as anything other than an effort to chip away at a right declared again and again by this Court—and with increas-ing comprehension of its centrality to women’s lives.’’ If the conservative win rate in the Court is striking, the corporate one is even more so. A recent study found the Roberts Court more favorable to busi-ness interests than its predecessors, with all five members of the recent rightwing bloc among the top 10 most business-friendly judges in the last 65 years. Chief Justice Roberts was No. 1 and Justice Alito No. 2. Studies showed the Roberts Court following the legal position of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which is a de facto organ of the National Republican Party, 69 percent of the time, up from 56 percent during the Rehnquist Court and 43 percent during the Burger Court. Connect the dots. The Repub-licans are the party of the corpora-tions, the judges are the appointees of the Republicans, and the judges are de-livering for the corporations. It is being done in plain view. Many Chamber victories were signifi-cant, such as making employment dis-crimination harder to prove, letting manufacturers and distributors fix minimum prices for retail goods, let-ting mutual funds advisers include misstatements made by others in the documents they prepare for investors, and even Hobby Lobby, where the Court put the religious rights of cor-porate entities over the rights of em-ployees. Big corporations hate being hauled into court and having to face juries, and the five Republican appointees pro-tected them by raising pleading stand-ards for victims, letting companies push disputes into corporate-favored arbitration, restricting Americans’ ability to press cases of large-scale wrongdoing in class actions, making it more difficult for workers to hold em-ployers accountable for workplace har-assment, and making it harder for con-sumers with serious side effects to sue the drug companies. Now before the Court is a case the five-man bloc has pursued for some time. It was expected that the five would use it to deal a significant blow to the political and economic clout of unions, a great boon for the big cor-porations. It also looked like the five were teeing up for the fossil fuel indus-try, a big victory against the Presi-dent’s Clean Power Plan. There was a lot at stake in that fifth vote. There was a lot that was deliv-ered because of that fifth vote. At 4 to 4, the circuit court decision below 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.040 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S985 February 24, 2016 
stands. At 4 to 4, the challenged regula-tion ordinarily prevails. I will close with the big sockdolager: Citizens United. It was once the opin-ion of the U.S. Supreme Court that ‘‘to subject the state governments to the combined capital of wealthy corpora-tions [would] produce universal corrup-tion.’’ No more. The five judges behind Citizens United opened the floodgates for unlimited anonymous corporate spending in elections. They found that corporate corruption of elections was near impossible, and they caused a tsu-nami of slime—to use a phrase that I borrow—that we have seen in recent election cycles. Such a brute role for big corporations in our American Gov-ernment would shock the Founding Fa-thers who foresaw no important role in our Republic for the corporations of the time. To unleash that corporate power in our elections, the five conservative jus-tices had to go through some remark-able contortions. They had to reverse previous decisions where the Court had said the opposite. They had to make up facts that were then predictably and are now demonstrably wrong. They had to create a make-believe world of inde-pendence and transparency in election spending that present experience be-lies, and they had to maneuver their own judicial procedures to forestall a factual record belying the facts they were making up. It was a dirty business with a lot of signs of intent, and it has produced evil results that we live with every day. All of this—Republican election advan-tage, corporate welfare, the conserv-ative social agenda—is because the ac-tivists, corporatists, and rightwing bloc had a fifth vote. That bloc of five did more for the far right, for the Re-publican Party, and for its corporate backers than all of the Republicans in the House and Senate have been able to do. They delivered. Now it is 4 to 4 and that advantage is gone; hence the panic on the Republican side; hence the de-parture from plain constitutional text. Imagine any other constitutional duty of the President that he failed to do that would not cause uproar and outrage. There would be nobody on the floor here because everybody would have run off to FOX News to get their talking headshot in and talk about what a terrible thing the President had done by violating his constitutional duty. Well, the President has a con-stitutional duty—he shall nominate. They are in a political pickle, but the Constitution doesn’t care about the politics. From the Constitution’s point of view, the politics are just too darn bad. The Constitution directs the President to make the appointment, and he should do his job. The Constitu-tion gives the Senate the job of advice and consent to the President’s nomi-nee. We should do our job just as the Constitution provides. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
REMEMBERING WILLIAM USHER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to commemorate the life and leg-acy of a distinguished Kentuckian who has sadly passed away. William ‘‘Bill’’ Usher of Paducah died this February 14, 2016, after a short illness. He was 86 years old. Bill was the owner and manager for many years of Usher Transport, a fam-ily-owned and operated Kentucky busi-ness founded in the 1940s. He was well known in Paducah and western Ken-tucky as a community leader, and he was a friend of mine whom I saw often in my travels through Paducah. Bill gave generously of his time and resources to many organizations, char-ities, and causes. He served as both president and chairman of the Greater Paducah Chamber of Commerce. He served with Greater Paducah Industrial Development, the Paducah Rotary Club, the Kentucky Motor Transport Association, and National Tank Truck Carriers. Bill was a board member of Citizens Bank and helped found Paducah’s first industrial development group. He was the chairman of the Barkley Regional Airport board of directors. He was also the chairman of the Board of Exhibit Management in Louisville. Bill understood what it means to serve from a young age. While studying at the University of Kentucky, he was named outstanding cadet of the Air Force ROTC. Upon graduation in 1952, he served as a fighter pilot in the U.S. Air Force and Air Force Reserves for several years, retiring as a major. While in the military, he served as an air combat and gunner instructor at Luke Air Force Base in Phoenix, AZ, and with the 417th Tactical Fighter Squadron based in France and Ger-many flying F–100s. He was awarded the Commendation Medal. In the 1960s, he moved back to Paducah to help build the family business. Bill was a native of Graves County and attended the First United Meth-odist Church in Mayfield, KY. He leaves behind his wife Virginia ‘‘Ginger’’ Sabel Usher; two sons, Wil-liam A. Usher, Jr., and Alan W. Usher; a stepdaughter, Karen Elizabeth Reed Alpers; a stepson, James Boone Reed; three grandsons, Ryan Lunsford Usher, William Patrick Usher, and William A. Usher III; three stepgrandsons, David Roscoe Reed II, William Murphy Reed, and Ely E. Mazmanians; a stepgranddaughter, Avary Frazier; ex-tended family members Gabriel Vieira, Kathleen Overlin, Sabel Overlin, Max Overlin, Elise Overlin, and Stacy Overlin; and many more beloved family members and friends. The Paducah Sun recently published an article highlighting the impact Bill Usher had on his friends, family, and community. I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the article be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Paducah Sun, Feb. 15, 2016] B
ILLUSHER REMEMBERED AS BENEVOLENT  P
UBLIC SERVANT  (By Kaylan Thompson) Paducah leaders and friends remember Wil-liam ‘‘Bill’’ Usher as a driving force of lead-ership and benevolence throughout the area and say his impact will be felt throughout the community for years to come. ‘‘He’s a rare breed of community leader in Paducah,’’ said Bill Bartleman, McCracken County commissioner and friend of Usher for nearly 40 years. ‘‘He was the old kind of lead-ership, the behind-the-scenes leader that we used to have, the kind of people who weren’t in the limelight. They just did what they thought was right for the community.’’ Usher died early Sunday morning at Morningside Assisted Living. He was 86. Bartleman, a former legislative reporter with The Sun, first got to know Usher while covering community and political move-ments in the 1970s. During that time, Usher proved a helpful source and political liaison. ‘‘He was a major force for our commu-nity,’’ Bartleman said. ‘‘He did a lot to help the community and did it quietly. He had contacts with political leaders, and he worked with them to get benefits for the community. He did things that people prob-ably didn’t know about and would have been hard to document because he worked so humbly.’’ Usher’s political and civic resume includes an array of titles, including chairman of the McCracken County Democratic Party, presi-dent of the Greater Paducah Chamber of Commerce, president of the Paducah Rotary Club, and chairman of the Barkley Regional Airport Board of Directors. ‘‘He was always supportive and always en-couraged good government,’’ Bartleman said. ‘‘He wanted people to do the right thing. He didn’t use his influence to benefit himself, he used it solely to benefit the community through the bureaucracy of government.’’ During Bartleman’s campaign for political office, he added, Usher often reached out to him. ‘‘He said he was supportive of me as long as I would do what’s right for the community and the people,’’ he said. ‘‘Even in his senior years he was involved in politics and wanted things done right, not to see people elected to help himself, but to see people elected who would do good government.’’ That inspiration, Bartleman said, is the torch Usher passed on to him and others, en-couraging them to lead with humility. ‘‘What I learned from him is to just do the right thing and don’t seek publicity,’’ Bartleman said. ‘‘In the long run you’ll be rewarded, at least in knowing you benefited the community. Your involvement in any-thing should be to do what’s right and not seek self-gratification.’’ Usher, a Mayfield native, was a graduate of Mayfield High School and the University of Kentucky. He came to Paducah in 1960 following eight years of service in the U.S. Air Force, then taking on the family business, Usher Trans-portation Co., as president. In recent years, he strongly supported sev-eral charitable organizations and the Padu-cah Police Department. While most of his work remained anony-mous, his chief involvement with the depart-ment was with Christmas Cops, a program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.042 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES986 February 24, 2016 
engaging police with area families and youth through shopping for gifts and necessities. ‘‘Bill, being a huge supporter of the mis-sion of the police department to build rela-tionships with the community and the chil-dren, has been instrumental in affecting many, many lives in this community posi-tively by either financial support or being there to support our efforts,’’ said Paducah Police Chief Brandon Barnhill, a friend of his for many years. Usher’s support of the department began when he initiated an annual fundraiser in support of the program in the 1990s. His ef-forts remained largely anonymous until the early 2000s, when he became a member of the Christmas Cops board. ‘‘Whether it was financial or moral, he was always there in a supporting nature,’’ Barnhill said. ‘‘He was a big driving force be-hind much of what we do during the Christ-mas season. He was a well-grounded indi-vidual, and he stayed true to his principles. He would give you the shirt off his back if that’s what it took, and that’s putting it lightly.’’ A healthy community with thriving indi-viduals was Usher’s goal, believing connec-tions and relationships were key to achiev-ing it. ‘‘He fully understood the value of men-toring and fostering a positive relationship with the police and youth,’’ said Stacey Grimes, retired assistant chief of criminal investigations with the Paducah Police De-partment. ‘‘We’re not always arresting peo-ple or writing tickets, and he wanted them to see us in a different light.’’ Grimes met Usher in 1994 at a Christmas Cops fundraiser, then called Shop with a Cop. ‘‘He and his wife didn’t want any praise or publicity for hosting the fundraiser,’’ Grimes said. ‘‘He was extremely humble and was probably the most benevolent man that I’ve ever met. He never sought praise for what he did, not even a pat on the back.’’ ‘‘He always worked everything behind the scenes. His work helped ensure the program is sustainable for the future. Because of what Bill set up, I think it will be there for gen-erations to come.’’ Usher’s friends agree that helping others was always his top priority. ‘‘The hardest part of this is that we will never know how many lives Bill has posi-tively affected,’’ Barnhill said. ‘‘But we do know there are many, many out there. It’s just the person that he was.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO LESLIE PROLL Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would like to recognize Leslie Proll, the di-rector of policy for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc., for her years of excellent public service as she begins a new chapter in her career. Since 1998, Leslie has served as policy director at LDF, where she has advo-cated for the organization’s policy and legislative priorities. She has brought her expertise to bear on advancing im-portant Federal civil rights legislation and advocating for well-qualified, di-verse nominees to serve in our Federal judiciary and the executive branch. My staff has worked closely with her over the years, and she has been stead-fast and unwavering in her commit-ment to civil rights. Leslie provided in-valuable support when Congress reau-thorized the Voting Rights Act in 2006 and passed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act in 2009. Her contributions to these two critical legislative initia-tives, along with the civil rights com-munity, proved instrumental in mov-ing these two bills through Congress. Leslie has been an effective and tire-less advocate in promoting diversity in our Federal judiciary so that our courts are more representative of the citizenry they serve. Our justice sys-tem has been made a better one be-cause of her contributions. I commend Leslie for her years of service and wish her the best as she moves forward in her career. f 
CONFIRMATION OF ROBERT CALIFF Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Dr. Robert Califf on his con-firmation today as Food and Drug Ad-ministration, FDA, Commissioner. Dr. Califf is a well-respected cardiologist that hails from Anderson, SC,—very close to where I grew up. He has served our country and its medical needs in a variety of capacities. As a faculty member and professor at Duke Univer-sity, he founded the Duke Clinical Re-search Institute and served as vice chancellor for clinical research. In ad-dition to his accomplishments during his tenure at Duke, he is an active member of several professional organi-zations, including committees of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies and the FDA. In 2015, Dr. Califf was named Deputy Commissioner for Medical Products and Tobacco for the FDA. In this role, Dr. Califf is responsible for overseeing and directing the Center for Drug Eval-uation and Research, the Center for Devices and Radiological Health, and the Center for Tobacco Products. He also oversees the Office of Special Med-ical Programs. The broad bipartisan support for Dr. Califf’s nomination is testament to his strong, transparent leadership and record of advancing medical break-throughs. The FDA has been operating without a confirmed Commissioner for the past year, and I applaud the Sen-ate’s confirmation of Dr. Califf. I look forward to working with Dr. Califf as he brings his expertise to addressing challenges facing the FDA and our Na-tion. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, today the Senate voted on the confirmation of Dr. Robert Califf to serve as Com-missioner of Food and Drugs, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. While I was unable to vote today, I would have supported Dr. Califf’s nomi-nation, just as I supported proceeding to cloture on his nomination in Mon-day evening’s vote. The Food and Drug Administration has lacked a permanent Commissioner for almost a year, despite its role over-seeing the safety of 25 percent of goods sold in the United States, including food, drugs, medical devices, cosmetics, and vitamin supplements. I believe that Dr. Califf, a Duke car-diologist and clinical trial researcher endorsed by over 100 physician and pa-tient groups, is well qualified to over-see this critical mission. I look forward to working with Dr. Califf to implement key public health priorities, including examining ways to tackle rising prescription drugs prices, improve clinical trials, and combat the opioid epidemic. (At the request of Mr. REID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) ∑Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for today’s vote on the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. I would have voted nay.∑ 
f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for February 2016. The report compares current law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts provided in the conference re-port to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016. This information is necessary to deter-mine whether budget points of order lie against pending legislation. It has been prepared by the Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, pursu-ant to section 308(b) of the Congres-sional Budget Act, CBA. This is the second scorekeeping re-port for this calendar year but the sixth report I have made since adoption of the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution on May 5, 2015. My last filing can be found in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD on January 11, 2016. The information con-tained in this report is current through February 22, 2016. Table 1 gives the amount by which each Senate authorizing committee is below or exceeds its allocation under the budget resolution. This informa-tion is used for enforcing committee allocations pursuant to section 302 of the CBA. Over the fiscal year 2016–2025 period, which is the entire period cov-ered by S. Con. Res. 11, Senate author-izing committees have spent $147.9 bil-lion more than the budget resolution calls for. Table 2 gives the amount by which the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds the statutory spending limits. This information is used to determine points of order re-lated to the spending caps found in sec-tion 312 and section 314 of the CBA. On December 18, 2015, the President signed H.R. 2029, the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016, P.L. 114–113, into law. This bill provided regular appropria-tions equal to the levels set in the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015, P.L. 114–74, specifically $548.1 billion in budget au-thority for defense accounts, revised 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.030 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S987 February 24, 2016 
security category, and $518.5 billion in budget authority for nondefense ac-counts, revised nonsecurity category. Table 3 gives the amount by which the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds its allocation for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism, OCO/GWOT, spending. This separate allocation for OCO/GWOT was established in section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11 and is enforced using section 302 of the CBA. The con-solidated appropriations bill included $73.7 billion in budget authority and $32.1 billion in outlays for OCO/GWOT in fiscal year 2016. This level is equal to the revised OCO/GWOT levels that I filed in the R
ECORD on December 18, 2015. The budget resolution established two new points of order limiting the use of changes in mandatory programs in appropriations bills, CHIMPS. Ta-bles 4 and 5 show compliance with fis-cal year 2016 limits for overall CHIMPS and the Crime Victims Fund CHIMP, respectively. This information is used for determining points of order under section 3103 and section 3104, respec-tively. Enacted CHIMPS are under both the broader CHIMPS limit, $1.3 billion less, and the Crime Victims Fund limit, $1.8 billion less. In addition to the tables provided by the Senate Budget Committee Repub-lican staff, I am submitting additional tables from CBO that I will use for en-forcement of budget levels agreed to by the Congress. For fiscal year 2016, CBO estimates that current law levels are $138.9 bil-lion and $103.6 billion above the budget resolution levels for budget authority and outlays, respectively. Revenues are $155.2 billion below the level assumed in the budget resolution. Finally, So-cial Security outlays are at the levels assumed in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016, while Social Security revenues are $23 million below assumed levels for the budget year. CBO’s report also provides informa-tion needed to enforce the Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule. The Senate’s pay- as-you-go scorecard currently shows deficit reduction of $20.4 billion over the fiscal year 2015–2020 period and $95.7 billion over the fiscal year 2015–2025 pe-riod. Over the initial 6-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would increase revenues by $17 billion and decrease outlays by $3.3 billion. Over the 11-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would increase revenues by $36.8 billion and decrease outlays by $59 billion. The Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule is enforced by sec-tion 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS (In millions of dollars) 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Armed Services Budget Authority ............. ¥66 ¥518 ¥1,117 Outlays ............................ ¥50 ¥476 ¥1,099 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority ............. 130 650 1,300 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Energy and Natural Resources Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority ............. 2,880 19,432 9,459 Outlays ............................ 252 1,147 ¥8,801 Finance Budget Authority ............. 365 41,116 152,815 Outlays ............................ 365 41,116 152,815 Foreign Relations Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 ¥1 0 Judiciary Budget Authority ............. ¥3,358 5,962 4,833 Outlays ............................ 1,713 5,862 4,082 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority ............. 0 208 278 Outlays ............................ 0 208 278 Rules and Administration Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Intelligence Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority ............. ¥2 ¥1 ¥1 Outlays ............................ 388 644 644 Indian Affairs Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Small Business Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 1 2 2 
Total Budget Authority ....¥51 66,849 167,567 Outlays ................... 2,669 48,502 147,921 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
(Budget authority, in millions of dollars) 2016 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 548,091 518,491 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 21,750 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 5,101 50,621 Defense ................................................. 514,000 136 Energy and Water Development ............ 18,860 18,325 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 44 23,191 Homeland Security ................................ 1,705 39,250 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 32,159 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 162,127 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 4,363 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 8,171 71,698 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 37,780 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 210 57,091 
Current Level Total ............. 548,091 518,491 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. 0 0 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 2016 BA OT 
OCO/GWOT Allocation1.......................... 73,693 32,079 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 Defense ................................................. 58,638 27,354 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 0 0 Homeland Security ................................ 160 128 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 0 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 14,895 4,597 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 0 0 
Current Level Total ............. 73,693 32,079 Total OCO/GWOT Spending vs. Budget Resolution ................... 0 0 
BA = Budget Authority; OT = Outlays 
1This allocation may be adjusted by the Chairman of the Budget Com-mittee to account for new information, pursuant to section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 2016 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ................................. 19,100 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 600 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 9,458 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 725 Homeland Security ........................................................... 176 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 28 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 6,799 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 17,786 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥1,314 
TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 2016 
Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ............................................................................ 10,800 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 9,000 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 0 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 9,000 Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥1,800 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.023 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES988 February 24, 2016 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, February 24, 2016. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2016 budget and is current through February 22, 2016. This report is sub-mitted under section 308(b) and in aid of sec-tion 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. Since our last letter dated January 11, 2016, the Congress has cleared for the President’s signature the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (H.R. 644). That act would affect budget authority, outlays, and revenues for fiscal year 2016. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF FEBRUARY 22, 2016 
(In billions of dollars) Budget Resolution Current Level
a Current Level Over/ Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............. 3,069.8 3,208.7 138.9 TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF FEBRUARY 22, 2016—Continued 
(In billions of dollars) Budget Resolution Current Level
a Current Level Over/ Under (¥) Resolution 
Outlays ............................ 3,091.2 3,194.9 103.6 Revenues ......................... 2,676.0 2,520.7 ¥155.2 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
b 777.1 777.1 0.0 Social Security Revenues 794.0 794.0 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. a. Excludes emergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. b. Excludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF FEBRUARY 22, 2016 
(In millions of dollars) Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacteda Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a, n.a. 2,676,733 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 1,968,496 1,902,345 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 500,825 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥784,820 ¥784,879 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,183,676 1,618,291 2,676,733 Enacted Legislation: An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) ........................... ........................................................................................ 0 20 0 Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act & Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P .L. 114–26) .......................................................... 0 0 5 Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 44 5 175 ¥766 Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 5 5 0 Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41)
b............................................................................................................................... 0 0 99 Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–53) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 700 775 0 Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–55) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 130  0 0 Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) .................................................. ............................................................................................................... ¥2 368 0 Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 40 Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–74) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 3,424 4,870 269 Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–88) .............................................. ........................................................................................................... 0 1 0 National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (P.L. 114–92) .......................................................... .................................................................................................................... ¥66 ¥50 0 Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (P.L. 114–94) ...................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,88 0 252 471 Federal Perkins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–105) .............................................................. ................................................................................................................... 269 269 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113)
b............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 2,008,016 1,563,177 ¥156,107 Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act (P.L. 114–115) ...................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 32 32  0 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 2,015,833 1,569,894 ¥155,989 Passed, Pending Signature: Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (H.R. 644) ................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 20 20 ¥7 Entitlements and Mandatories: Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... 9,170 6,674 0 Total Current Level
c............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 3,208,69 9 3,194,879 2,520,737 Total Senate Resolution
d............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 3,069,829 3,091, 246 2,675,967 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 138,870 103,633 n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 155,230 Memorandum: Revenues, 2016–2025: Senate Current Level ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... n.a. n.a. 31,755,050 Senate Resolution .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. n.a. n.a. 32,233,099 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . n.a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 478,049 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. a. Includes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during this  session, but before the adoption of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016: the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2014 (P.L. 114–1); the Department of Homeland Security Approp riations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4), and the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 10). b. Emergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budge t and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall not count for certain budgetary enforcement pur- poses. These amounts, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) ................................... ........................................................................................................ 0 917 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......¥2 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................¥2 917 0 
c. For purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Sena te, does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. d. Periodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to various provis ions of the resolution. The Initial Senate Resolution total below excludes $6,872 million in budget authority and $344 million in outlays assumed in S. Con. Res. 11 for disaster-related spending. The Revised Senate Resolution total below  includes amounts for disaster-related spending: Initial Senate Resolution: 3,032,343 3,091,098 2,676,733 Revisions: Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4311 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 445 175 ¥766 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con. Res. 11 ............................................ ............................................................................................. 700 700 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con. Res. 11 ............................................ ............................................................................................. 0 1 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4313 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 269 269 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 3404 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 36,072 ¥997 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,069,829 3,091,246 2,675,967 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS, AS OF FEBRUARY 22, 2016 
(In millions of dollars) 2015–2020 2015–2025 
Beginning Balancea............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 0 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.024 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S989 February 24, 2016 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS, AS OF FEBRUARY 22, 2016—Continued 
(In millions of dollars) 2015–2020 2015–2025 
Enacted Legislation:bcd Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–17) ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... n.e. n.e. Construction Authorization and Choice Improvement Act (P.L. 114–19) ............................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 20 20 Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–22) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1 2 Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effective Discipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 23) ....................................................................................................... * * An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado (P.L. 114–25) .............................................. 150 150 Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act & Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P .L. 114–26) ......................................................................................... ¥1 5 Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................¥640 ¥52 Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act (P.L. 114–30) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 0 0 Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 13 28 Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) ................................... .............................................................................................................................. ¥1,552 ¥6,924 Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–54) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. * * Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............... 624 624 Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥32 ¥2 Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–62) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... * * Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–63) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... * * Adoptive Family Relief Act (P.L. 114–70) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... * * Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–73) ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... * * Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–74) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................¥15,050 ¥71,315 Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–81) ............................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... * * A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs for all-inclusive care for t he elderly (PACE programs) (P.L. 114–85) ................................................... * * Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–88) .............................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 2 2 Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act (P.L. 114–89) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... * * National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (P.L. 114–92) .......................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................¥194 ¥10 Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–93) .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... * * Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (P.L. 114–94)
g............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................... ¥3,845 ¥18,144 Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act (P.L. 114–97) ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... * * Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–99) ......................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............¥1 0 Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–102) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. * * Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–104) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... * * Federal Perkins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–105) .............................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................¥14 ¥13 Securing Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–106) .............................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... * * National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–107) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............ * * Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–109) .............................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. * * Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113)
h............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 2 4 Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act (P.L. 114–115) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 36 ¥1 District of Columbia Courts, Public Defender Service, and Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 118) .................................................................................................... * * International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders (P.L. 114–119) .................................................................. * * Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–120) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ * * North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–122) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............. * * Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (H.R. 644) ................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 104 ¥116 Judicial Redress Act of 2015 (H.R. 1428) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... * * To revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Florida. (H.R. 890) ............... ........................................................................................................................ * * 
Current Balance ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. ¥20,377 ¥95,742 
Memorandum: Changes to Revenues ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 17,037 36,750 Changes to Outlays ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... ¥3,340 ¥58,992 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.e. = not able to estimate; P.L. = Public Law. * = between ¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aPursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, the Senate Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard was reset to zero. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated impact of the public laws on the deficit. Negative numbers indicate an increase in th e deficit; positive numbers indicate a decrease in the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
eP.L. 114–17 could affect direct spending and revenues, but such impacts would depend on future actions of the President that CB O cannot predict. (http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/cbofiIes/attachments/s615.pdf) 
fP.L. 114–30 will cause a decrease in spending of $5 million in 2017 and an increase in spending of $5 million in 2019 for a net  impact of zero over the six-year and eleven-year periods. 
gThe budgetary effects associated with the Federal Reserve Surplus Funds are excluded from the PAYGO Scorecard in P.L. 114–94 pu rsuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290, the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001 (106th Congress). 
hThe budgetary effects of divisions M through Q are not reflected in the PAYGO Scorecard pursuant to section 1001(b) of Title X of Division O of P.L. 114–113. 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING JUDGE DAN KEMP NALL ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Judge Dan Kemp Nall of Sheridan, AR, who passed away on Sunday, February 14, 2016. Judge Nall was a beloved husband, brother, father, and grandfather. He was also a dedicated public servant, es-pecially to his friends and neighbors in Grant County where he served as coun-ty judge for 10 terms after serving for 20 years on the Grant County Quorum Court. He was also active in many civic organizations, including the Jaycees and the Sheridan Rotary Club, further demonstrating his commitment to the people of his community. A graduate of the University of Arkansas, Judge Nall was a dedicated Razorback fan. I admire his dedication to serving his lifelong home of Grant County. I know his leadership, dedication, and commit-ment to the community will be missed by many. I join with them in praying for comfort for Judge Nall’s friends and loved ones. We will remember the valu-able contributions he made which en-riched the lives of those he served, and we honor his enduring legacy as a pub-lic servant.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO TOM KUNTZ ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Tom Kuntz of Red Lodge, MT, for his company’s generous dona-tions to nonprofits throughout Carbon County. Tom is the owner of local pizza shop Red Lodge Pizza Co., which contributed $11,700 of its profits to 20 various non- profits to help support their goals and missions. His contributions make up the largest portion of $34,000 raised during this year’s third annual chari-table contribution program on behalf of the Red Lodge Area Community Foundation. His generous giving is not just a one- time occurrence. Throughout his 20 years in business, Red Lodge Pizza Co. has made supporting community orga-nizations a priority. Some of the organizations profiting from Red Lodge Pizza Co.’s donations include Boys and Girls of Carbon Coun-ty, Domestic & Sexual Violence Serv-ices, Red Lodge Public Schools Foun-dation, Beartooth Humane Alliance, and Bridger Community Food Bank. Tom is also the Red Lodge fire chief and was gracious enough to give me a tour of an area fire discussing fuels re-duction in August of 2013. I am grateful for Tom’s dedication to his hometown, his generosity and selfless actions ben-efitting the people and organizations that make up his community. It’s peo-ple like Tom that make me proud to call Montana home. I agree with Tom when he says ‘‘it is great to give back to people that make this place so won-derful.’’∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROSECRANCE HEALTH NETWORK ∑Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Rosecrance Health Network for providing 100 years of high-quality care for Illinois resi-dents. As the Senate considers legisla-tion to address the heroin and opioid epidemic, including S. 524, the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which I was proud to introduce with Senators W
HITEHOUSE , PORTMAN , K
LOBUCHAR , A YOTTE , and C OONS , we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.032 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES990 February 24, 2016 
should consider successful organiza-tions like Rosecrance who have been treating individuals with addiction for decades. Rosecrance Memorial Home for Chil-dren was established in 1916 to care for neglected and dependent children in New Milford, IL. In 1982, after moving to Rockford, IL, in the 1970s, they rec-ognized growing substance abuse rates among teenagers and created a first-of- its-kind chemical dependency treat-ment program in northern Illinois spe-cifically for this population. In 1992, this program expanded to serve adults as well. Five years ago, they recognized the importance of integrating addiction and mental health treatment and merged with the Janet Wattles Center in Rockford. This has enabled them to treat individuals with co-occurring dis-orders that require behavioral health and addiction treatment more effec-tively. They now provide critical serv-ices for over 22,000 children, adoles-cents, adults, and families at over 40 locations in Illinois and Wisconsin an-nually. I congratulate Rosecrance Health Network on a century of success and look forward to working with them to address substance abuse in my State. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BUFFALO GALS ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the Buffalo Gals, a monthly gathering of women in the Rapid City, SD, area that are hosts of the Inter-national Women’s Day celebration starting on March 4, 2016, in Rapid City. The Buffalo Gals are a motivated group of over 100 women who have gathered once a month in Rapid City over the past year. Their mission is to create a community of driven, like- minded women who share their experi-ences with one another and act as role models for people of all ages. This in-spirational group spreads awareness of worthy causes and empowers its mem-bers to accomplish their goals, which benefits the community as a whole. This year’s theme for the Inter-national Women’s Day celebration is ‘‘Celebrate our Legacy.’’ This exciting 2-day event will honor the accomplish-ments and promising futures of the Buffalo Gals and women everywhere, and it will feature guest speakers, meals, and a live concert that will in-spire women to continue to be leaders that seek to address complex commu-nity and family challenges. These remarkable women have achieved a great deal in the past year, and I am excited to see what they do in the future. I wish them continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JULIA BROECHER ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Julia Broecher from my hometown of Murdo, SD, as she celebrates her 100th birthday. Julia was born in Kimball, SD, to Thomas and Sophia Lebeda. At the age of 3, her family moved to Murdo, where she has lived ever since. Julia is the oldest of 14 children, and five of her siblings are still living today. Julia married Carroll Broecher in 1937. The couple had four children, three girls and one boy. Today, Julia has 15 grandchildren and numerous great- and great-great-grandchildren. In her youth, Julia worked as a coun-try school teacher for several years, and later in life, she was the head cus-todian for the Jones County court-house and a well-known restaurant in Murdo. Over the years, Julia has had a sig-nificant impact on the Murdo commu-nity and has been a fixture at school and community functions. She is a charter member of the Community Bible Church where she taught Sunday school to many children. One of those children was me. She was known in the area as being a master seamstress, making many wedding and prom dresses for young women, as well as teaching young women how to sew. Julia loves to fish and play cards and dominoes with family at the Murdo Senior Center. Julia has always welcomed chal-lenges with a loving and caring atti-tude and is the embodiment of the American values of faith, family, friends and freedom. Happy birthday, Julia.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE MODIFICATION AND CONTINUATION OF THE NA-TIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RE-SPECT TO CUBA AND OF THE EMERGENCY AUTHORITY RELAT-ING TO THE REGULATION OF THE ANCHORAGE AND MOVE-MENT OF VESSELS, AS AMEND-ED—PM 42 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, including section 1 of title II of Public Law 65–24, ch. 30, June 15, 1917, as amended (50 U.S.C. 191), sections 201, 202, and 301 of the Na-tional Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued a Proclamation to modify and continue the national emergency declared in Proclamations 6867 and 7757. The Proclamation recognizes that certain descriptions of the national emergency set forth in Proclamations 6867 and 7757 no longer reflect the international relations of the United States related to Cuba. Further, the Proclamation recognizes the reestab-lishment of diplomatic relations be-tween the United States and Cuba, and that the United States continues to pursue the progressive normalization of relations while aspiring toward a peaceful, prosperous, and democratic Cuba. The Proclamation clarifies the na-tional emergency related to Cuba and specifically provides the following statements related to U.S. national se-curity and foreign policy: ∑It is U.S. policy that a mass migra-tion from Cuba would endanger the se-curity of the United States by posing a disturbance or threatened disturbance of the international relations of the United States. ∑The unauthorized entry of vessels subject to the jurisdiction of the United States into Cuban territorial waters is in violation of U.S. law and contrary to U.S. policy. ∑The unauthorized entry of U.S.-reg-istered vessels into Cuban territorial waters is detrimental to U.S. foreign policy, and counter to the purpose of Executive Order 12807, which is to en-sure, among other things, safe, orderly, and legal migration. ∑The possibility of large-scale unau-thorized entries of U.S.-registered ves-sels would disturb the international re-lations of the United States by facili-tating a possible mass migration of Cuban nationals. I have directed the Secretary of Homeland Security (the ‘‘Secretary’’) to make and issue such rules and regu-lations as the Secretary may find ap-propriate to regulate the anchorage and movement of vessels, and authorize and approve the Secretary’s issuance of such rules and regulations, as author-ized by the Act of June 15, 1917. I am enclosing a copy of the Procla-mation I have issued. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 24, 2016. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:40 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.022 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S991 February 24, 2016 
S. 2109. An act to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to develop an integrated plan to re-duce administrative costs under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3584. An act to authorize, streamline, and identify efficiencies within the Trans-portation Security Administration, and for other purposes. H.R. 4398. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for require-ments relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4402. An act to require a review of in-formation regarding persons who have trav-eled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist organizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes. H.R. 4408. An act to require the develop-ment of a national strategy to combat ter-rorist travel, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following resolution: 
H. Res. 620. Resolution relative to the death of the Honorable Antonin Scalia, Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 113. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collec-tively to the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers’’. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:56 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 487. An act to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands. H.R. 890. An act to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Florida. H.R. 3262. An act to provide for the convey-ance of land of the Illiana Health Care Sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois. H.R. 4056. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Af-fairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida. H.R. 4437. An act to extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3584. An act to authorize, streamline, and identify efficiencies within the Trans-portation Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4398. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for require-ments relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4402. An act to require a review of in-formation regarding persons who have trav-eled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist organizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 4408. An act to require the develop-ment of a national strategy to combat ter-rorist travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. f MEASURE HELD AT THE DESK The following resolution was ordered held at the desk, by unanimous con-sent: 
S. Res. 374. Resolution relating to the death of Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4455. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyriproxyfen; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9941–38–OCSPP) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 19, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4456. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Triclopyr; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9941–87–OCSPP) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 19, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4457. A communication from the Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s proposed fiscal year 2017 budg-et; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry. EC–4458. A communication from the Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, transmitting, authorization of Lieutenant General John W. Nicholson, Jr., United States Army, to wear the insignia of the grade of general in ac-cordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4459. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran as declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4460. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency with re-spect to Libya declared in Executive Order 13566; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4461. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Procedure; Civil Money Penalty Infla-tion Adjustment’’ (RIN2590–AA77) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 18, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4462. A communication from the Direc-tor, Community Development Financial In-stitutions Fund, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Bank Enterprise Award Program’’ ((RIN1505–AA91) (12 CFR Part 1806)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 22, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4463. A communication from the Direc-tor, Community Development Financial In-stitutions Fund, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Community Develop-ment Financial Institutions Program’’ ((RIN1505–AA92) (12 CFR Part 1805)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4464. A communication from the Direc-tor, Community Development Financial In-stitutions Fund, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Capital Magnet Fund’’ (RIN1559–AA00) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4465. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Update of Filing Fees’’ ((RIN1902–AF17) (Docket No. RM16–2–000)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4466. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Review of New Sources and Modifica-tions in Indian Country: Extension of Per-mitting and Registration Deadlines for True Minor Sources Engaged in Oil and Natural Gas Production in Indian Country’’ ((RIN2060–AS27) (FRL No. 9942–64–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 17, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4467. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Regulation to Limit Nitrogen Ox-ides Emissions from Large Non-Electric Gen-erating Units’’ (FRL No. 9942–59–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 17, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4468. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Interstate Pollution Transport Requirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide Standards’’ (FRL No. 9942–58–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 17, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4469. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.007 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES992 February 24, 2016 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Revi-sion to the Milwaukee-Racine-Waukesha 2006 24-Hour Particulate Matter Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9942–56–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4470. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Particu-late Matter Emissions Limits Revision’’ (FRL No. 9942–54–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4471. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clarification of Requirements for Method 303 Certification Training’’ ((RIN2060–AR97) (FRL No. 9940–76–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 19, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4472. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Mis-souri; Emissions Inventory and Emissions Statement for the Missouri Portion of the St. Louis-MO–IL Ozone Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9942–76–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 19, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4473. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; GA; Redesignation of the At-lanta, GA, 1997 Annual PM2.5 Nonattainment Area to Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9942–61–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 19, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4474. A communication from the Acting Unified Listing Chief, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; 4(d) Rule for the Northern Long- Eared Bat’’ (RIN1018–AY98) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4475. A communication from the Acting Unified Listing Chief, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Listing Endangered and Threatened Species and Designating Critical Habitat; Implementing Changes to the Regulations for Designating Critical Habitat’’ (RIN1018– AX86 and RIN0648–BB79) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4476. A communication from the Acting Unified Listing Chief, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Consolea Corallicola (Florida Semaphore Cactus) and Harrisia aboriginum (Aboriginal Prickly-apple)’’ (RIN1018–AZ92) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4477. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clari-fication of Licensee Actions in Receipt of Enforcement Discretion Per Enforcement Guidance Memorandum EGM 15–002, ‘En-forcement Discretion for Tornado-Generated Missile Protection Noncompliance’’’ (DSS– ISG–2016–01) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 19, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4478. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Bogue Banks project in Carteret County, North Carolina; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4479. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a project for Flagler County, Flor-ida; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4480. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a project for Edisto Beach, Colleton County, South Carolina; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4481. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife; Technical Corrections for Eight Wildlife Species on the List of En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018– BB28) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4482. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reclassi-fying Hesperocyparis abramsiana (=Cupressus abramsiana) as Threatened’’ (RIN1018–AY77) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4483. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Fis-cal Assistant Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of the Treasury Regulations for the Gulf Coast Res-toration Trust Fund’’ ((RIN1505–AC44) (31 CFR Part 34)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4484. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Maximum Vehicle Values for 2016 for Use With Vehicle Cents- Per-Mile and Fleet-Average Valuation Rules’’ (Notice 2016–12) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4485. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 Inflation Ad-justment Factor for the Indian Coal Produc-tion Credit’’ (Notice 2016–11) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4486. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Timing of Submit-ting Preexisting Accounts and Periodic Cer-tifications’’ (Notice 2016–08) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4487. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2016 Cost-of-Living Adjustment for Certain Items Resulting from the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–14) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–4488. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transition Relief for Certain Section 529 Qualified Tuition Programs Required to File Form 1099–Q’’ (Notice 2016–13) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4489. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Management, De-partment of the Treasury, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of the Treasury Employee Rules of Conduct’’ (31 CFR Part 0) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4490. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0164); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4491. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0112); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4492. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0167); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4493. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0111); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4494. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–123); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.011 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S993 February 24, 2016 
EC–4495. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod August 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4496. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Economic Report of the President together with the 2016 Annual Re-port of the Council of Economic Advisers; to the Joint Economic Committee. EC–4497. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Review and Re-classification Procedures for Biological Products Licensed Prior to July 1, 1972’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015–N–2103) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 16, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4498. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s (FDA) annual report on Drug Shortages for Calendar Year 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4499. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Report on the Preventive Medicine and Public Health Training Grant and Inte-grative Medicine Programs’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4500. A communication from the Sec-retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Short-Time Compensation (STC) Pro-gram Provisions in the Middle Class Tax Re-lief and Job Creation Act of 2012’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4501. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the cost of response and re-covery efforts for FEMA–3374–EM in the State of Missouri having exceeded the $5,000,000 limit for a single emergency dec-laration; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4502. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Board of Governors, U.S. Postal Service, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4503. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Dura-bility of Police Reform: The Metropolitan Police Department Use of Force: 2008–2015’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4504. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual re-ports of the Attorney General relative to en-forcement actions taken by the Department of Justice under the Lobbying Disclosure Act for the periods beginning on January 1, 2012; July 1, 2012; January 1, 2013; July 1, 2013; Jan-uary 1, 2014; July 1, 2014; and January 1, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4505. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to grants made under the Paul Coverdell National Forensic Science Improvement Grants Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4506. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Size Stand-ards, Small Business Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Business Size Standards: In-flation Adjustments to Monetary Based Size Standards’’ (RIN3245–AG60) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 17, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–4507. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Size Stand-ards, Small Business Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Business Size Standards: In-dustries With Employee Based Size Stand-ards Not Part of Manufacturing, Wholesale Trade, or Retail Trade’’ (RIN3245–AG51) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 17, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–4508. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Size Stand-ards, Small Business Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Business Size Standards for Manufacturing’’ (RIN3245–AG50) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 17, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–4509. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Size Stand-ards, Small Business Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Business Size Standards: Employee Based Size Standards in Wholesale Trade and Retail Trade’’ (RIN3245–AG49) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 17, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–4510. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Grants Man-agement, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Awarding Agency Regulatory Implementation of Office of Man-agement and Budget’s Uniform Administra-tive Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ (RIN3245–AG62) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 17, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. EC–4511. A communication from the Chair-man, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notification and Reporting of Aircraft Accidents or Incidents and Over-due Aircraft, and Preservation of Aircraft Wreckage, Mail, Cargo, and Records’’ (RIN3147–AA11) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4512. A communication from the Fed-eral Register and Regulatory Liaison Officer, Office of Diversity and Equal Opportunity, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Discrimination on the Basis of Disability in Federally Assisted and Federally Conducted Programs and Ac-tivities’’ (RIN2700–AD85) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4513. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf, and South Atlantic; Aquaculture’’ (RIN0648–AS65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4514. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Pelagic Fisheries; Exemption for Large U.S. Longline Vessels To Fish in Portions of the American Samoa Large Ves-sel Prohibited Area’’ (RIN0648–BF22) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 18, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4515. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Crab Rationalization Program’’ (RIN0648– BF68) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4516. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Trip Limit Adjustment for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE398) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 22, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4517. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Greater Amberjack’’ (RIN0648– XE397) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 19, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4518. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE420) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 18, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4519. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Directed Fishing With Trawl Gear by Fisheries Act Catcher Processors in Bycatch Limitation Zone 1 of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE429) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4520. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.013 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES994 February 24, 2016 
‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Pot Catcher/Proc-essors in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE418) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 18, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4521. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2016 Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts’’ (RIN0648–XE367) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4522. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnu-son-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015–2016 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjust-ments’’ (RIN0648–BF63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 22, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4523. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2016 Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts’’ (RIN0648–XE367) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 19, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2276. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–209). By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 659. A bill to protect and enhance oppor-tunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–210). S. 1024. A bill to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative , and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–211). By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, without amendment: S. 1674. A bill to amend and reauthorize certain provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship (Rept. No. 114–212). S. 2143. A bill to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr- Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–213). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. PORTMAN: S. 2570. A bill to amend the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act of 1995 to provide for regu-latory impact analyses for certain rules and consideration of the least burdensome regu-latory alternative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, and Mrs. E RNST ): S. 2571. A bill to provide for the eligibility for airport development grants of airports that enter into certain leases with compo-nents of the Armed Forces; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Mr. R EED, and Mr. P ETERS ): S. 2572. A bill to make demonstration grants to eligible local educational agencies or consortia of eligible local educational agencies for the purpose of increasing the numbers of school nurses in public elemen-tary schools and secondary schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 2573. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit for taxpayers who remove lead-based hazards; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 2574. A bill to amend title IV of the So-cial Security Act to require States to adopt a centralized electronic system to help expe-dite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. MURPHY: S. 2575. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit for property owners who remove hazards relat-ing to lead, asbestos, and radon; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. AYOTTE: S. 2576. A bill to permit the Attorney Gen-eral to authorize a temporary transfer of funds from Department of Justice accounts in the amount necessary to restore Depart-ment of Justice Asset Forfeiture Program equitable sharing payments to participating law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 2577. A bill to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science lab-oratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to im-prove the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2578. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to permit certain partial fillings of prescriptions; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. BROWN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. R EED, Mr. B
URR, Mr. D URBIN , and Mrs. B OXER ): S. 2579. A bill to provide additional support to ensure safe drinking water; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PAUL: S.J. Res. 30. A joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed foreign mili-tary sale to the Government of Pakistan of F–16 Block 52 aircraft; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. R EID, Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W
ICKER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. R EED, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. K AINE, Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. B URR, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. P AUL, Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. Res. 372. A resolution celebrating Black History Month; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 373. A resolution recognizing the historical significance of Executive Order 9066 and expressing the sense of the Senate that policies that discriminate against any individual based on the actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, or religion of that individual would be a repetition of the mistakes of Executive Order 9066 and contrary to the values of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.015 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S995 February 24, 2016 
Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 374. A resolution relating to the death of Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States; or-dered held at the desk. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 239 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 239, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to ap-portionments under the Airport Im-provement Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 353 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 353, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prevent unjust and ir-rational criminal punishments. 
S. 441 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 441, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clar-ify the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manu-facturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. At the request of Mr. P
ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 524, supra. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 1131 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1131, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-duce the incidence of diabetes among Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1358, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inter in national cemeteries individuals who supported the United States in Laos during the Vietnam War era. S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated serv-ice of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1874, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting rep-resentation by a labor organization. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1913 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1913, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish programs to prevent prescription drug abuse under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2041 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2041, a bill to promote the development of safe drugs for neonates. 
S. 2185 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2185, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in rec-ognition of the fight against breast cancer. 
S. 2268 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2268, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their extraordinary heroism and life- saving actions in Vietnam. 
S. 2276 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2276, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide en-hanced safety in pipeline transpor-tation, and for other purposes. S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2427 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2427, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 2455 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2455, a bill to expand school choice in the District of Columbia. 
S. 2474 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2474, a bill to allow for addi-tional markings, including the words ‘‘Israel’’ and ‘‘Product in Israel,’’ to be used for country of origin marking re-quirements for goods made in the geo-graphical areas known as the West Bank and Gaza Strip. 
S. 2512 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2512, a bill to ex-pand the tropical disease product pri-ority review voucher program to en-courage treatments for Zika virus. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in com-merce-related or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions ac-tivities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2540, a bill to provide access to counsel for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable populations. 
S. 2558 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2558, a bill to expand the prohibition on misleading or inac-curate caller identification informa-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.018 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES996 February 24, 2016 
West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2559, a bill to prohibit the modification, ter-mination, abandonment, or transfer of the lease by which the United States acquired the land and waters con-taining Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
S. 2563 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2563, a bill to affirm the impor-tance of the land forces of the United States Armed Forces and to authorize fiscal year 2016 end-strength minimum levels for the active and reserve com-ponents of such land forces, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 21 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her name was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 21, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States authorizing the Congress to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 346 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 346, a resolution expressing oppo-sition to the European Commission in-terpretive notice regarding labeling Israeli products and goods manufac-tured in the West Bank and other areas, as such actions undermine the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 2577. A bill to protect crime vic-tims’ rights, to eliminate the substan-tial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and ex-pand the forensic science testing ca-pacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase re-search and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of foren-sic science laboratories and medical ex-aminer offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the per-formance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 2577 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) R ESTITUTION DURING SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE .—Section 3583(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence by inserting ‘‘, that the defendant make res-titution in accordance with sections 3663 and 3663A, or any other statute authorizing a sentence of restitution,’’ after ‘‘supervision’’. (b) C
OLLECTION OF RESTITUTION FROM DE-
FENDANT ’SESTATE .—Section 3613(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The liability to pay restitution shall terminate on the date that is the later of 20 years from the entry of judgment or 20 years after the release from imprisonment of the person ordered to pay restitution. In the event of the death of the person ordered to pay restitution, the indi-vidual’s estate will be held responsible for any unpaid balance of the restitution amount, and the lien provided in subsection (c) of this section shall continue until the es-tate receives a written release of that liabil-ity.’’. (c) V
ICTIM INTERPRETERS .—Rule 28 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure is amended in the first sentence by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including an interpreter for the victim’’. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR GRANTS FOR CRIME VICTIMS. 
(a) C RIME VICTIMS LEGAL ASSISTANCE  G
RANTS .—Section 103(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2264) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (b) C
RIME VICTIMS NOTIFICATION GRANTS .— Section 1404E(c) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603e(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009’’ and in-serting ‘‘2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 4. REDUCING THE RAPE KIT BACKLOG. 
Of the amounts made available to the At-torney General for a DNA Analysis and ca-pacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW EN -
FORCEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE OF  J
USTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’ in a fiscal year— (1) not less than 75 percent of such amounts shall be provided for grants for di-rect testing activities described under para-graphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 2(a) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(a)); and (2) not less than 5 percent of such amounts shall be provided for grants for law enforce-ment agencies to conduct audits of their backlogged rape kits, including through the creation of a tracking system, under section 2(a)(7) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimi-nation Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(a)(7)), and to prioritize testing in those cases in which the statute of limitation will soon expire. SEC. 5. SEXUAL ASSAULT NURSE EXAMINERS. 
Section 304 of the DNA Sexual Assault Jus-tice Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136a) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) P
REFERENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In reviewing applica-tions submitted in accordance with a pro-gram authorized, in whole or in part, by this section, the Attorney General shall give preference to any eligible entity that cer-tifies that the entity will use the grant funds to— ‘‘(A) operate or expand forensic nurse ex-aminer programs in a rural area or for an un-derserved population, as those terms are de-fined in section 4002 of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925); ‘‘(B) hire full-time forensic nurse exam-iners to conduct activities under subsection (a); or ‘‘(C) sustain or establish a training pro-gram for forensic nurse examiners. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTIVE TO THE ATTORNEY GEN -
ERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reau-thorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall coordinate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to inform Fed-eral Qualified Health Centers, Community Health Centers, hospitals, colleges and uni-versities, and other appropriate health-re-lated entities about the role of forensic nurses and existing resources available with-in the Department of Justice and the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to train or employ forensic nurses to address the needs of communities dealing with sexual as-sault, domestic violence, and elder abuse. The Attorney General shall collaborate on this effort with nongovernmental organiza-tions representing forensic nurses.’’. 
SEC. 6. PROTECTING THE VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT. 
Section 8(e)(1)(A) of the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act of 2003 (42 U.S. 15607(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the program is not administered by the Office on Violence Against Women of the Department of Justice.’’. 
SEC. 7. CLARIFICATION OF VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT HOUSING PROTEC-TIONS. 
Section 41411(b)(3)(B)(ii) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043e– 11(b)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or resident’’ after ‘‘any remaining tenant’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘or resident’’ after ‘‘tenant’’ each place it ap-pears. 
SEC. 8. STRENGTHENING THE PRISON RAPE ELIMINATION ACT. 
The Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 15601 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 6(d)(2) (42 U.S.C. 15605(d)(2)), by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A)(i) include the certification of the chief executive that the State receiving such grant has adopted all national prison rape standards that, as of the date on which the application was submitted, have been pro-mulgated under this Act; or ‘‘(ii) demonstrate to the Attorney General, in such manner as the Attorney General shall require, that the State receiving such grant is actively working to adopt and achieve full compliance with the national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.021 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S997 February 24, 2016 
prison rape standards described in clause (i);’’; and (2) in section 8(e) (42 U.S.C. 15607(e))— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
DOPTION OF NATIONAL STANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, any amount that a State would otherwise re-ceive for prison purposes for that fiscal year under a grant program covered by this sub-section shall be reduced by 5 percent, unless the chief executive officer of the State sub-mits to the Attorney General proof of com-pliance with this Act through— ‘‘(i) a certification that the State has adopted, and is in full compliance with, the national standards described in subsection (a); or ‘‘(ii) an assurance that the State intends to adopt and achieve full compliance with those national standards so as to ensure that a cer-tification under clause (i) may be submitted in future years, which includes— ‘‘(I) a commitment that not less than 5 percent of such amount shall be used for this purpose; or ‘‘(II) a request that the Attorney General hold 5 percent of such amount in abeyance pursuant to the requirements of subpara-graph (E). ‘‘(B) R
ULES FOR CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A chief executive officer of a State who submits a certification under this paragraph shall also provide the Attor-ney General with— ‘‘(I) a list of the prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State; ‘‘(II) a list of the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) that were audited during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(III) all final audit reports for prisons listed under subclause (I) that were com-pleted during the most recently concluded audit year; and ‘‘(IV) a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) during the following 3 audit years. ‘‘(ii) A
UDIT APPEAL EXCEPTION .—Beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthor-ization Act of 2016, a chief executive officer of a State may submit a certification that the State is in full compliance pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i) even if a prison under the operational control of the executive branch of the State has an audit appeal pending. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR ASSURANCES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A chief executive officer of a State who submits an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall also provide the Attorney General with— ‘‘(I) a list of the prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State; ‘‘(II) a list of the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) that were audited during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(III) an explanation of any barriers the State faces to completing required audits; ‘‘(IV) all final audit reports for prisons list-ed under subclause (I) that were completed during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(V) a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of the State during the following 3 audit years; and ‘‘(VI) an explanation of the State’s current degree of implementation of the national standards. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—A chief ex-ecutive officer of a State who submits an as-surance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) shall, before receiving the applicable funds de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I), also pro-vide the Attorney General with a proposed plan for the expenditure of the funds during the applicable grant period. ‘‘(iii) ACCOUNTING OF FUNDS .—A chief exec-utive officer of a State who submits an as-surance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) shall, in a manner consistent with the applicable grant reporting requirements, submit to the Attorney General a detailed accounting of how the funds described in subparagraph (A) were used. ‘‘(D) S
UNSET OF ASSURANCE OPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, sub-clause (II) of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall cease to have effect. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL SUNSET .—On the date that is 6 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, clause (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall cease to have effect. ‘‘(iii) E
MERGENCY ASSURANCES .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—Notwithstanding clause (ii), during the 2-year period beginning 6 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, a chief exec-utive officer of a State who certifies that the State has audited not less than 90 percent of prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of the State may request that the Attorney General allow the chief executive officer to submit an emergency as-surance in accordance with subparagraph (A)(ii) as in effect on the day before the date on which that subparagraph ceased to have effect under clause (ii) of this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) G
RANT OF REQUEST .—The Attorney General shall grant a request submitted under subclause (I) within 60 days upon a showing of good cause. ‘‘(E) D
ISPOSITION OF FUNDS HELD IN ABEY -
ANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the chief executive of-ficer of a State who has submitted an assur-ance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) subse-quently submits a certification under sub-paragraph (A)(i) during the 3-year period be-ginning on the date of enactment of the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General will release all funds held in abeyance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) to be used by the State in accordance with the conditions of the grant program for which the funds were provided. ‘‘(ii) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—If the chief exec-utive officer of a State who has submitted an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) is unable to submit a certification during the 3- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, but does assure the Attorney General that 
2⁄3of prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State have been audited at least once, the Attorney General shall release all of the funds of the State held in abeyance to be used in adopting and achieving full compli-ance with the national standards, if the State agrees to comply with the applicable requirements in clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(iii) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—If the chief executive officer of a State who has submitted an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) is unable to submit a certification during the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Justice for All Re-authorization Act of 2016 and does not assure the Attorney General that 
2⁄3of prisons under the operational control of the execu-tive branch of the State have been audited at least once, the Attorney General shall redis-tribute the funds of the State held in abey-ance to other States to be used in accordance with the conditions of the grant program for which the funds were provided. ‘‘(F) P
UBLICATION OF AUDIT RESULTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall request from each State, and make available on an appropriate Internet website, all final audit reports completed to date for prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of each State. The Attorney General shall update such website annually with re-ports received from States under subpara-graphs (B)(i) and (C)(i). ‘‘(G) REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF NA -
TIONAL STANDARDS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attor-ney General shall issue a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on the status of imple-mentation of the national standards and the steps the Department, in conjunction with the States and other key stakeholders, is taking to address any unresolved implemen-tation issues.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS FOR AUDITORS .— An individual seeking certification by the Department of Justice to serve as an auditor of prison compliance with the national standards described in subsection (a) shall, upon request, submit fingerprints in the manner determined by the Attorney General for criminal history record checks of the ap-plicable State and Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation repositories.’’. 
SEC. 9. ADDITIONAL REAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) DNA R ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— Section 305(c) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136b(c)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (b) FBI DNA P
ROGRAMS .—Section 307(a) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2275) is amended by striking ‘‘$42,100,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (c) DNA I
DENTIFICATION OF MISSING PER-
SONS.—Section 308(c) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136d(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 10. PAUL COVERDELL FORENSIC SCIENCES IMPROVEMENT GRANTS. 
(a) G RANTS .—Part BB of title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797j) is amended— (1) in section 2802(2) (42 U.S.C. 3797k(2)), by inserting after ‘‘bodies’’ the following: ‘‘and is accredited by an accrediting body that is a signatory to an internationally recognized arrangement and that offers accreditation to forensic science conformity assessment bod-ies using an accreditation standard that is recognized by that internationally recog-nized arrangement, or attests, in a manner that is legally binding and enforceable, to use a portion of the grant amount to prepare and apply for such accreditation not more than 2 years after the date on which a grant is awarded under section 2801’’; (2) in section 2803(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797l(a))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Seventy-five percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Eighty-five percent’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘85 percent’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Twenty- five percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Fifteen per-cent’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘0.6 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘1 percent’’; (3) in section 2804(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797m(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘impression evidence,’’ after ‘‘latent prints,’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.027 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES998 February 24, 2016 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘digital evidence, fire evi-dence,’’ after ‘‘toxicology,’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and medicolegal death investigators’’ after ‘‘lab-oratory personnel’’; and (C) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(4) To address emerging forensic science issues (such as statistics, contextual bias, and uncertainty of measurement) and emerg-ing forensic science technology (such as high throughput automation, statistical software, and new types of instrumentation). ‘‘(5) To educate and train forensic patholo-gists in the United States. ‘‘(6) To work with the States and units of local government to direct funding to medicolegal death investigation systems to facilitate accreditation of medical examiner and coroner offices and certification of medicolegal death investigators.’’; and (4) in section 2806(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797o(a))— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the progress of any unaccredited foren-sic science service provider receiving grant funds toward obtaining accreditation; and’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1001(a)(24) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)(24)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 11. IMPROVING THE QUALITY OF REP-RESENTATION IN STATE CAPITAL CASES. 
Section 426 of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14163e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or upon a showing of good cause, and at the dis-cretion of the Attorney General, the State may determine a fair allocation of funds across the uses described in sections 421 and 422’’. 
SEC. 12. POST-CONVICTION DNA TESTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3600 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘under a sentence of’’ in each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sen-tenced to’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘death’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘and the applicant did not—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘knowingly fail to request’’ and in-serting ‘‘and the applicant did not knowingly fail to request’’; (3) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) order the Government to— ‘‘(i) prepare an inventory of the evidence related to the case; and ‘‘(ii) issue a copy of the inventory to the court, the applicant, and the Government.’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) R
ESULTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The results of any DNA testing ordered under this section shall be si-multaneously disclosed to the court, the ap-plicant, and the Government. ‘‘(B) RESULTS EXCLUDE APPLICANT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If a DNA profile is ob-tained through testing that excludes the ap-plicant as the source and the DNA complies with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s requirements for the uploading of crime scene profiles to the National DNA Index System (referred to in this subsection as ‘NDIS’), the court shall order that the law enforcement entity with direct or conveyed statutory jurisdiction that has access to the NDIS submit the DNA profile obtained from probative biological material from crime scene evidence to determine whether the DNA profile matches a profile of a known in-dividual or a profile from an unsolved crime. ‘‘(ii) NDIS 
SEARCH .—The results of a search under clause (i) shall be simultaneously dis-closed to the court, the applicant, and the Government.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Na-tional DNA Index System (referred to in this subsection as ‘NDIS’)’’ and inserting ‘‘NDIS’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘death’’. (b) P
RESERVATION OF BIOLOGICAL EVI-
DENCE .—Section 3600A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under a sentence of’’ and inserting ‘‘sentenced to’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively. 
SEC. 13. KIRK BLOODSWORTH POST-CONVICTION DNA TESTING PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 413 of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136 note) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) for eligible entities that are a State or unit of local government, provide a certifi-cation by the chief legal officer of the State in which the eligible entity operates or the chief legal officer of the jurisdiction in which the funds will be used for the purposes of the grants, that the State or jurisdic-tion— ‘‘(A) provides DNA testing of specified evi-dence under a State statute or a State or local rule or regulation to persons sentenced to imprisonment or death for a State felony offense, in a manner intended to ensure a reasonable process for resolving claims of ac-tual innocence that ensures post-conviction DNA testing in at least those cases that would be covered by section 3600(a) of title 18, United States Code, had they been Fed-eral cases and, if the results of the testing exclude the applicant as the source of the DNA, permits the applicant to apply for post-conviction relief, notwithstanding any provision of law that would otherwise bar the application as untimely; and ‘‘(B) preserves biological evidence, as de-fined in section 3600A of title 18, United States Code, under a State statute or a State or local rule, regulation, or practice in a manner intended to ensure that reasonable measures are taken by the State or jurisdic-tion to preserve biological evidence secured in relation to the investigation or prosecu-tion of, at a minimum, murder, nonnegligent manslaughter and sexual offenses.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 412(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136e(b)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. SEC. 14. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR EVIDENCE RETENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title IV of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2278) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 414. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR EVIDENCE RETENTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Institute of Justice, in consultation with Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment agencies and government laboratories, shall— ‘‘(1) establish best practices for evidence retention to focus on the preservation of fo-rensic evidence; and ‘‘(2) assist State, local, and tribal govern-ments in adopting and implementing the best practices established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Di-rector of the National Institute of Justice shall publish the best practices established under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require or obligate compliance with the best practices estab-lished under subsection (a)(1).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2260) is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 413 the following: ‘‘Sec. 414. Establishment of best practices for evidence retention.’’. 
SEC. 15. EFFECTIVE ADMINISTRATION OF CRIMI-NAL JUSTICE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Effective Administration of Criminal Justice Act of 2015’’. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—Section 502 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3752) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(
A) INGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘To request a grant’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) A comprehensive Statewide plan de-tailing how grants received under this sec-tion will be used to improve the administra-tion of the criminal justice system, which shall— ‘‘(A) be designed in consultation with local governments, and representatives of all seg-ments of the criminal justice system, includ-ing judges, prosecutors, law enforcement per-sonnel, corrections personnel, and providers of indigent defense services, victim services, juvenile justice delinquency prevention pro-grams, community corrections, and reentry services; ‘‘(B) include a description of how the State will allocate funding within and among each of the uses described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 501(a)(1); ‘‘(C) describe the process used by the State for gathering evidence-based data and devel-oping and using evidence-based and evidence- gathering approaches in support of funding decisions; ‘‘(D) describe the barriers at the State and local level for accessing data and imple-menting evidence-based approaches to pre-venting and reducing crime and recidivism; and ‘‘(E) be updated every 5 years, with annual progress reports that— ‘‘(i) address changing circumstances in the State, if any; ‘‘(ii) describe how the State plans to adjust funding within and among each of the uses described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 501(a)(1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.027 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S999 February 24, 2016 
‘‘(iii) provide an ongoing assessment of need; ‘‘(iv) discuss the accomplishment of goals identified in any plan previously prepared under this paragraph; and ‘‘(v) reflect how the plan influenced fund-ing decisions in the previous year. ‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attorney General shall begin to provide technical assistance to States and local governments requesting support to de-velop and implement the strategic plan re-quired under subsection (a)(6). ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF CONSTITUTIONAL  
RIGHTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the At-torney General shall begin to provide tech-nical assistance to States and local govern-ments, including any agent thereof with re-sponsibility for administration of justice, re-questing support to meet the obligations es-tablished by the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which shall include— ‘‘(A) public dissemination of practices, structures, or models for the administration of justice consistent with the requirements of the Sixth Amendment; and ‘‘(B) assistance with adopting and imple-menting a system for the administration of justice consistent with the requirements of the Sixth Amendment. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this subsection.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement to submit a strategic plan under section 501(a)(6) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by subsection (b), shall apply to any application submitted under such section 501 for a grant for any fiscal year beginning after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 16. OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
All grants awarded by the Department of Justice that are authorized under this Act shall be subject to the following: (1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .—Beginning in fis-cal year 2016, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this Act to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appro-priate number of grantees to be audited each year. (2) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this Act that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this Act during the 2 fiscal years beginning after the 12-month period described in paragraph (5). (3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this Act, the Attorney General shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that, during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this Act, did not have an unresolved audit finding showing a violation in the terms or conditions of a Department of Justice grant program. (4) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-ed grant funds under this Act during the 2- fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from receiving grants under para-graph (2), the Attorney General shall— (A) deposit an amount equal to the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and (B) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. (5) D
EFINED TERM .—In this section, the term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means an audit report finding in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within a 12-month period begin-ning on the date when the final audit report is issued. (6) NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion and the grant programs described in this Act, the term ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General shall not award a grant under any grant pro-gram described in this Act to a nonprofit or-ganization that holds money in offshore ac-counts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is awarded a grant under a grant program described in this Act and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to cre-ate a rebuttable presumption of reasonable-ness for the compensation of its officers, di-rectors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-tion. (7) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Unless oth-erwise explicitly provided in authorizing leg-islation, not more than 7.5 percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral for salaries and administrative expenses of the Department of Justice. (8) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— (A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice under this Act may be used by the Attorney General or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds through a coop-erative agreement under this Act, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or the appropriate Assistant Attorney General, Di-rector, or principal deputy as the Deputy At-torney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. (B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audio/visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. (C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expendi-tures approved by operation of this para-graph. (9) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may not be uti-lized by any grant recipient to— (i) lobby any representative of the Depart-ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or (ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. (B) PENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-termines that any recipient of a grant under this Act has violated subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall— (i) require the grant recipient to repay the grant in full; and (ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-ceiving another grant under this Act for not less than 5 years. 
SEC. 17. NEEDS ASSESSMENT OF FORENSIC LAB-ORATORIES. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than Oc-tober 1, 2018, the Attorney General shall con-duct a study and submit a report to the Com-mittee of the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on the status and needs of the forensic science community. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) examine the status of current workload, backlog, personnel, equipment, and equip-ment needs of public crime laboratories and medical examiner and coroner offices; (2) include an overview of academic foren-sic science resources and needs, from a broad forensic science perspective, including non- traditional crime laboratory disciplines such as forensic anthropology, forensic ento-mology, and others as determined appro-priate by the Attorney General; (3) consider— (A) the National Institute of Justice study, Forensic Sciences: Review of Status and Needs, published in 1999; (B) the Bureau of Justice Statistics census reports on Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories, published in 2002, 2005, 2009, and 2014; (C) the National Academy of Sciences re-port, Strengthening Forensic Science: A Path Forward, published in 2009; and (D) the Bureau of Justice Statistics survey of forensic providers recommended by the National Commission of Forensic Science and approved by the Attorney General on September 8, 2014; (4) provide Congress with a comprehensive view of the infrastructure, equipment, and personnel needs of the broad forensic science community; and (5) be made available to the public. 
SEC. 18. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the Sense of Congress that— (1) the authority of the Director of the Of-fice of Victims of Crime under section 1404 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603) includes funding ongoing projects that provide services to victims of crime on a na-tionwide basis or Americans abroad who are victims of crimes committed outside of the United States; and (2) the proposed rule entitled ‘‘VOCA Vic-tim Assistance Program’’ published by the Office of Victims of Crime of the Department of Justice in the Federal Register on August 27, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 52877) is consistent with section 1404 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603). 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, I am proud to introduce the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 with Senator C
ORNYN . The Justice for All Act, originally enacted in 2004, was an unprecedented bipartisan piece of criminal justice legislation. It has im-proved many aspects of our criminal justice system, and this reauthoriza-tion includes critical updates to ensure public confidence in the integrity of the American justice system. The bill builds on the work I began in 2000, when I introduced the Innocence Protection Act. That measure was de-signed to ensure that defendants re-ceive competent representation in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.027 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1000 February 24, 2016 
criminal cases and have access to post- conviction DNA testing in those cases where the system got it wrong. The In-nocence Protection Act became a key component of the Justice for All Act, and is reauthorized in the bill we intro-duce today. We know our justice system is imper-fect and that innocent people are some-times convicted, and even sentenced to death. There were 149 people exoner-ated just last year, the highest number on record. They spent an average of 15 years in prison before their names were cleared. There have been 337 post-con-viction DNA exonerations in the United States since 1989. Twenty of them were sentenced to death. The first person exonerated from a death row crime by DNA evidence was a man named Kirk Bloodsworth. Kirk was a young man just out of the Ma-rines when he was arrested, convicted, and sentenced to death for a heinous crime that he did not commit. Now the Kirk Bloodsworth Post Conviction DNA Testing Grant Program is a cor-nerstone of the Justice for All Act. This program provides grants to States for testing in cases like Kirk’s where someone has been convicted, but where significant DNA evidence was not test-ed. This bill expands access to post-con-viction DNA testing so that more inno-cent people will have a chance at the redemption they deserve. For example, this reauthorization will permit indi-viduals to access DNA testing even if they previously waived their right to testing as part of a guilty plea. This change is critical because we know that people sometimes pled guilty or confess to crimes they did not commit. In fact, of the 337 people who have been freed based on DNA evidence, 88 falsely confessed or pled guilty. That is almost 30 percent of DNA exonerations. Had it not been for DNA testing, they would likely still be behind bars, or worse. The bill also takes steps to encourage prosecutors to search for additional leads when the DNA evidence tested ex-cludes an individual. Under the legisla-tion, the government must run that DNA through the national database to see if it matches someone else in the system who might be the actual perpe-trator. Unfortunately, this is not al-ways done. This commonsense measure will increase public safety by getting the true criminals off the street. Even in cases that do not involve DNA, it is imperative that every crimi-nal defendant, including those who cannot afford a lawyer, receive effec-tive representation. This bill requires the Department of Justice to assist states in developing a proficient sys-tem of indigent defense. I know as a former prosecutor, that the system only works as it should when each side is well represented by competent and well-trained counsel. This helps pre-vent wrongful convictions in the first place. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act also increases resources for public forensic laboratories. Prosecutors and police officers depend on the efficient and accurate testing of evidence to solve cases. Putting more resources into forensic testing will also help re-duce rape kit backlogs and ensure that survivors of this terrible crime are able to see their cases prosecuted and begin to feel safe again. This bill further addresses the needs of sexual assault survivors by directing grants to forensic exam programs, prioritizing those that operate in rural areas or provide assistance to under-served populations. Timely access to forensic exams is a critical first step in ensuring perpetrators are held account-able and taken off the streets. We must also ensure that the evidence collected from these exams in the form of rape kits are processed quickly. To help with that effort, the bill also provides support for law enforcement to create evidence tracking systems for rape kits, so their processing can be mon-itored and accounted for. Finally, we must ensure that law en-forcement and victim services pro-grams have the resources they need to move these cases through our justice system and assist these survivors. This bill also strengthens some key provisions of the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act, a bill I strongly supported when it was enacted in 2003. Specifi-cally, changes imposed by this bill will require that states comply with regula-tions designed to prevent sexual as-saults in our jails and prisons or lose Federal grant money. The Department of Justice will work with the states to assist them, but ultimately states will be penalized if they do not act. This bill imposes the true accountability re-quired to eradicate this awful crime. This reauthorization also expands rights for victims of all crime. It builds upon the success of the Crime Victims’ Rights Act by making it easier for crime victims to have an interpreter present during court proceedings and to obtain court-ordered restitution. I firmly believe that improving our criminal justice system is a priority and a place we should not be afraid to invest additional resources. There are parts of this legislation that I would like to see receive more funding, but this bill, like most legislation, is a compromise. As a result, this bill does reduce the total authorized funding under the Justice for All Act, but I be-lieve it does so responsibly. I also be-lieve that many of the changes ad-vanced by this legislation will help states, communities, and the federal government save money in the long term. The programs created by the Justice for All Act have had an enormous im-pact, and it is crucial that we reau-thorize and improve them. It has been 12 years since this law was updated, and we must work together to address the challenges currently facing our Na-tion’s justice system. I thank the many law enforcement and criminal justice organizations that have helped to pinpoint the needed im-provements that this law attempts to solve and I appreciate their ongoing support in seeing it passed. Today, we rededicate ourselves to building a criminal justice system in which the innocent remain free, the guilty are punished, and all sides have the resources they need to advance jus-tice. Americans deserve a criminal jus-tice system which keeps us safe, en-sures fairness, and fulfills the promise of our constitution. This bill will bring us closer to that goal. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 372—CELE-BRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. R EID, Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W
ICKER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. R
EED, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. K
AINE, Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. B URR, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. P AUL, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 372 Whereas in 1776, people envisioned the United States as a new nation dedicated to the proposition stated in the Declaration of Independence that ‘‘all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pur-suit of Happiness . . .’’; Whereas Africans were first brought invol-untarily to the shores of America as early as the 17th century; Whereas African Americans suffered en-slavement and subsequently faced the injus-tices of lynch mobs, segregation, and denial of the basic and fundamental rights of citi-zenship; Whereas in 2016, inequalities and injustices in the society of the United States continue to exist; Whereas in the face of injustices, people of good will and of all races in the United States have distinguished themselves with a commitment to the noble ideals on which the United States was founded and have fought courageously for the rights and free-dom of African Americans and others; Whereas African Americans, such as Lieu-tenant Colonel Allen Allensworth, Maya Angelou, Arthur Ashe Jr., James Baldwin, James Beckwourth, Clara Brown, Blanche Bruce, Ralph Bunche, Shirley Chisholm, Holt Collier, Frederick Douglass, W. E. B. Du Bois, Ralph Ellison, Medgar Evers, Alex Haley, Dorothy Height, Lena Horne, Charles Hamilton Houston, Mahalia Jackson, Steph-anie Tubbs Jones, B.B. King, Martin Luther King, Jr., Thurgood Marshall, Constance Baker Motley, Rosa Parks, Walter Payton, Bill Pickett, Homer Plessy, Bass Reeves, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.031 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1001 February 24, 2016 
Hiram Revels, Amelia Platts Boynton Robin-son, Jackie Robinson, Aaron Shirley, So-journer Truth, Harriet Tubman, Booker T. Washington, the Greensboro Four, and the Tuskegee Airmen, along with many others, worked against racism to achieve success and to make significant contributions to the economic, educational, political, artistic, athletic, literary, scientific, and techno-logical advancements of the United States; Whereas the contributions of African Americans from all walks of life throughout the history of the United States reflect the greatness of the United States; Whereas many African Americans lived, toiled, and died in obscurity, never achieving the recognition they deserved, and yet paved the way for future generations to succeed; Whereas African Americans continue to serve the United States at the highest levels of business, government, and the military; Whereas the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass inspired the creation of Negro History Week, the precursor to Black History Month; Whereas Negro History Week represented the culmination of the efforts of Dr. Carter G. Woodson, the ‘‘Father of Black History’’, to enhance knowledge of Black history through the Journal of Negro History, pub-lished by the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, which was founded by Dr. Carter G. Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland; Whereas Black History Month, celebrated during the month of February, originated in 1926 when Dr. Carter G. Woodson set aside a special period in February to recognize the heritage and achievement of Black people of the United States; Whereas Dr. Carter G. Woodson stated: ‘‘We have a wonderful history behind us. . . . If you are unable to demonstrate to the world that you have this record, the world will say to you, ‘You are not worthy to enjoy the blessings of democracy or anything else.’’’; Whereas since the founding of the United States, the Nation has imperfectly pro-gressed toward noble goals; and Whereas the history of the United States is the story of people regularly affirming high ideals, striving to reach those ideals but often failing, and then struggling to come to terms with the disappointment of that fail-ure, before committing to trying again: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) acknowledges that all people of the United States are the recipients of the wealth of history provided by Black culture; (2) recognizes the importance of Black His-tory Month as an opportunity to reflect on the complex history of the United States, while remaining hopeful and confident about the path ahead; (3) acknowledges the significance of Black History Month as an important opportunity to commemorate the tremendous contribu-tions of African Americans to the history of the United States; (4) encourages the celebration of Black History Month to provide a continuing op-portunity for all people in the United States to learn from the past and understand the experiences that have shaped the United States; and (5) agrees that, while the United States began as a divided country, the United States must— (A) honor the contribution of all pioneers in the United States who have helped to en-sure the legacy of the great United States; and (B) move forward with purpose, united tire-lessly as a nation ‘‘indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.’’. SENATE RESOLUTION 373—RECOG-NIZING THE HISTORICAL SIG-NIFICANCE OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 9066 AND EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT POLICIES THAT DISCRIMI-NATE AGAINST ANY INDIVIDUAL BASED ON THE ACTUAL OR PER-CEIVED RACE, ETHNICITY, NA-TIONAL ORIGIN, OR RELIGION OF THAT INDIVIDUAL WOULD BE A REPETITION OF THE MISTAKES OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 9066 AND CONTRARY TO THE VALUES OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. W YDEN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 373 Whereas on December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy launched a surprise attack against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, which led to— (1) increased prejudice and suspicion to-ward Japanese Americans; and (2) calls from civilians and public officials to remove Japanese Americans from the west coast of the United States; Whereas on February 19, 1942, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407; relating to au-thorizing the Secretary of War to prescribe military areas) (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Executive Order 9066’’), which led to— (1) the exclusion of 120,000 Japanese Ameri-cans and legal resident aliens from the west coast of the United States; and (2) the incarceration of United States citi-zens and lawful permanent residents of Japa-nese ancestry in incarceration camps during World War II; Whereas President Gerald Ford formally rescinded Executive Order 9066 in Presi-dential Proclamation 4417, dated February 19, 1976 (41 Fed. Reg. 7741) (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Presidential Proclamation 4417’’); Whereas Presidential Proclamation 4417— (1) states that Japanese Americans were and are loyal people of the United States who have contributed to the well-being and security of the United States; (2) states that the issuance of Executive Order 9066 was a grave mistake in United States history; and (3) resolves that actions such as the ac-tions authorized by Executive Order 9066 shall never happen again; Whereas in 1980, Congress established the Commission on Wartime Relocation and In-ternment of Civilians to investigate the cir-cumstances surrounding the issuance of Ex-ecutive Order 9066; Whereas in 1983, the Commission on War-time Relocation and Internment of Civilians issued a report entitled ‘‘Personal Justice Denied’’ in which the Commission on War-time Relocation and Internment of Civilians concluded that— (1) the promulgation of Executive Order 9066 was not justified by military necessity; and (2) the decision to issue Executive Order 9066 was shaped by ‘‘race prejudice, war hysteria, and a failure of political leader-ship’’; Whereas on August 10, 1988, the Civil Lib-erties Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–383; 102 Stat. 903) was enacted— (1) to apologize for ‘‘fundamental viola-tions of the basic civil liberties and constitu-tional rights of these individuals of Japanese ancestry’’; and (2) to establish the Civil Liberties Public Education Fund, to ensure that ‘‘the events surrounding the exclusion, forced removal, and incarceration of civilians and permanent resident aliens of Japanese ancestry will be remembered, and so that the causes and cir-cumstances of this and similar events may be illuminated and understood’’; Whereas the terrorist attacks carried out in the United States on September 11, 2001, have led to heightened levels of suspicion and hate crimes, xenophobia, and bigotry di-rected toward the Arab, Middle Eastern, South Asian, Muslim, Sikh, and Hindu American communities, including— (1) on August 5, 2012, an attack on the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin in Oak Creek, Wis-consin, which led to several injuries and the death of 6 Sikh Americans; and (2) on February 10, 2015, the execution- style shooting of 3 Muslim American stu-dents in Chapel Hill, North Carolina; Whereas the terrorist attacks carried out in Paris, France, on November 5, 2015, have led to renewed calls from public officials and figures to register Muslim Americans and bar millions from entering the United States based solely on the religion of those individ-uals, repeating the mistakes of 1942: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the historical significance of February 19, 1942, as the date on which Presi-dent Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed Exec-utive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407; relating to authorizing the Secretary of War to pre-scribe military areas) (referred to in this re-solving clause as ‘‘Executive Order 9066’’), which restricted the freedom of Japanese Americans; (2) recognizes the historical significance of February 19, 1976, as the date on which Presi-dent Gerald Ford issued Presidential Procla-mation 4417 (41 Fed. Reg. 7741), which for-mally terminated Executive Order 9066; (3) supports the goals of the Japanese American community in recognizing a Na-tional Day of Remembrance to increase pub-lic awareness about the unjust measures taken to restrict the freedom of Japanese Americans during World War II; (4) expresses the sense that the National Day of Remembrance is an opportunity— (A) to reflect on the importance of uphold-ing justice and civil liberties for all people of the United States; and (B) to oppose hate, xenophobia, and big-otry; (5) recognizes the positive contributions that people of the United States of every race, ethnicity, religion, and national origin have made to the United States; (6) steadfastly confirms the dedication of the Senate to the rights and dignity of all people of the United States; and (7) expresses the sense that policies that discriminate against any individual based on the actual or perceived race, ethnicity, na-tional origin, or religion of that individual would be— (A) a repetition of the mistakes of Execu-tive Order 9066; and (B) contrary to the values of the United States. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, 74 years ago, President Roosevelt signed Execu-tive Order 9066. That order led to the mass internment of nearly 120,000 Japa-nese Americans. Executive Order 9066 is an example of what can happen when a government acts out of fear. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.026 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1002 February 24, 2016 
Today I am submitting a resolution that recognizes this dark chapter and calls for the Senate and all Americans to uphold the lessons learned from the issuance of Executive Order 9066. In the wake of the bombing of Pearl Harbor in 1941, Americans of Japanese ancestry living in the United States be-came a target of paranoia, suspicion, and fear. Without any evidence of sub-terfuge, the government classified Jap-anese Americans as ‘‘enemy aliens’’ based purely on race and removed Jap-anese families from the west coast in the name of national security. These were families like yours and mine— farmers, students, shop owners, Bud-dhist priests, and teachers, parents and grandparents working toward the American dream of giving their chil-dren a better future. The majority were American citizens. These families were forced to abandon or sell for a pittance homes and businesses they had spent decades building. Many destroyed fam-ily treasures that could link them to Japan. Thousands of college students had their educations cut short when they were forced to leave school for the in-ternment camps. One University of Washington stu-dent who was forced to leave school, Gordon Hirabayashi, would go on to challenge the legality of the intern-ment all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. Gordon’s parents had emigrated from Japan and settled in Washington State, where they were farmers. Upon the signing of Executive Order 9066 and subsequent orders, the Hirabayashi family and tens of thou-sands of other Japanese American fam-ilies were forced to pack up only what they could carry for a long train ride to unknown destinations. Upon arriv-ing at barren and isolated internment camps, including Honouliuli Intern-ment Camp in Waipahu, Oahu, these families passed through barbed-wire fences and armed guards. They settled in cramped, hastily constructed shan-ties that let in the elements. There was little privacy. And until these intern-ment camps were built, many families were forced to live in horse stalls. The shame and humiliation were extreme. Nearly 120,000 men, women, and chil-dren did the best they could under harsh circumstances, persevering through what at the time seemed un-bearable. Despite this treatment at the hands of their own government, the time came when many joined the war effort. From behind barbed wire, these young Japanese American men fought for their country and in the process, in doing so, proved their loyalty to the United States. The Army agreed to form the seg-regated 442nd Regimental Combat Team, the 100th Battalion, and the Military Intelligence Service. Thou-sands of men in Hawaii and across the internment camps, including our late colleague Senator Daniel K. Inouye, volunteered to take on the most dan-gerous missions in Europe. Today, the 442nd and the 100th Battalion remain the most decorated units in the Army’s history. These units, as well as the Military Intelligence Service, were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 2011. After the war ended, for all of the sacrifice Japanese Americans were forced to make, for all they had to give up, each internee was then given $25 and a train ticket to their prewar resi-dences. Many of them never returned to their homes because there was noth-ing to return to. It was not until 34 years later, due to the work of the Japanese American Citizens League and other individuals and groups, that President Gerald Ford issued Proclamation 1447, which for-mally terminated the authority of Ex-ecutive Order 9066. The Ford proclama-tion read, in part, ‘‘I call upon the American people to affirm with me this American Promise . . . to treasure lib-erty and justice for each individual American, and resolve that this kind of action shall never again be repeated.’’ While the internment is now recog-nized as one of the darkest periods in our Nation’s history, we must not for-get that Executive Order 9066 had wide-spread support at the time. The fight for formal recognition of these injus-tices has been a long and challenging road that continues to this day. I wish to recognize the efforts of three Japanese Americans—Gordon Hirabayashi, Minoru Yasui, and Fred Korematsu—who were convicted and imprisoned while bravely challenging the constitutionality of internment during the war. They were right, but it took decades of work to achieve justice for these individuals who took their cases all the way to the Supreme Court. In the majority opinion of Korematsu v. U.S. in 1944, the Supreme Court found that the internment was justi-fied during a time of war—a ruling that further underscores what can only be characterized as the rampant fear and racism at the time. I had the privilege of meeting Fred Korematsu and his family several times before his passing in 2005. After the war, he, Gordon, and Minoru con-tinued to fight for others’ civil rights their whole lives. Fred’s work is car-ried on by his daughter, Karen Korematsu, through the Korematsu In-stitute. These three individuals were years later awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and in Minoru Yasui’s case, only last year. It was not until the 1980s—almost 40 years after internment ended—that a new generation of attorneys and schol-ars took up their fight. They uncovered evidence that the government hid in-formation that proved that Japanese Americans were not a threat to the United States. Gordon, Minoru, and Fred appealed their earlier convictions, and the Ninth Circuit Court vacated all of their convictions in the 1980s. Gordon said after the Ninth Circuit overturned his earlier conviction: There was a time when I felt that the Con-stitution failed me. But with the reversal in the courts and in public statements from the government, I feel that our country has proven that the Constitution is worth up-holding. The U.S. Government admitted it made a mistake. A country that can do that is a strong country. I have more faith and al-legiance to the Constitution than I ever had before. 
Today, I call upon all of my col-leagues to uphold Gordon’s faith in our Constitution. Undoubtedly, the U.S. Government must keep people safe. However, as we learned with the internment, a govern-ment gripped by fear and hysteria can make terrible mistakes. Not one Amer-ican of Japanese ancestry who was in-terned has ever been found guilty of sabotage or espionage. Focusing on the most vulnerable of targets—usually a minority group— does not make our Nation safe or more secure. Actions like the internment be-tray our values and undermine our strength as a people. We are often reminded to learn from history. That presumes we are aware of the relevant history. The story of in-ternment remains one still unfamiliar to many Americans—for instance, Mayor David Bowers of Roanoke, VA, who used the internment as justifica-tion to suspend assistance to Syrian refugees. He later apologized. More re-cently, George Takei’s play ‘‘Alle-giance,’’ which just ended its Broadway run, depicted the shock, humiliation, anger, and resolve of one family—the Kimuras—who were interned in Heart Mountain, WY. Their internment was like that of thousands of other Japa-nese Americans, and, like too many others, the internment didn’t end for the Kimuras when World War II ended. Their family relations were irreparably damaged. Yet, despite efforts to educate a new generation of Americans through ef-forts like ‘‘Allegiance,’’ today we hear echoes of the sentiments of 1942 di-rected toward members of the South Asian, Muslim, Sikh, Hindu, Arab, and Middle Eastern communities. There are reports of children from these com-munities beaten up in schools, families being threatened in their homes, and houses of worship vandalized and set on fire. We hear calls from public figures and officials to racially profile and conduct surveillance on Muslim Ameri-cans, as well as to bar their entry into our country. While the security of the American people is a top priority, divisive pro-posals to ban all Muslims, for example, from entering the United States do nothing to make us safer; rather, they take us back to a time when our poli-cies were guided by fear, stereotypes, and mistrust. Now is not the time to turn on one another. Now is the time to stand to-gether against the hate and fear that divides our country. In affirming our commitment to lib-erty and justice for all, let us remem-ber that the United States is a diverse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.028 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1003 February 24, 2016 
country in which individuals of all backgrounds have and continue to make positive contributions to the well-being and security of our Nation. It is important to speak out against hateful rhetoric and divisive policy proposals that prey on people’s fears and instead promote our American val-ues that are rooted in compassion, re-spect for others, justice, and equality. I am joined today in the Gallery by advocates from the Asian American and Pacific Islander and Muslim com-munities. Mahalo to all of you for the work you do every day to advance equality, liberty, and justice for all. These values are the strength of Amer-ica. Let’s stand together in solidarity, that in this new century, we will not give in to old fears, old prejudices, and unjustified actions. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 374—RELAT-ING TO THE DEATH OF ANTONIN SCALIA, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELL-
ER, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was ordered held at the desk: 
S. R ES. 374 Whereas Antonin Scalia, the late Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, was born in Trenton, New Jersey, to Salvatore Eugene Scalia and Catherine Panaro Scalia and raised in Queens, New York; Whereas Antonin Scalia enrolled in Georgetown University, where he graduated valedictorian and summa cum laude and earned a bachelor’s degree in history; Whereas Antonin Scalia graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School, where he was a notes editor for the Harvard Law Review; Whereas Antonin Scalia married Maureen McCarthy, with whom he raised 9 children, Ann, Eugene, John, Catherine, Mary Claire, Paul, Matthew, Christopher, and Margaret; Whereas Antonin Scalia was an accom-plished attorney in Cleveland, Ohio, and a law professor at the University of Virginia and the University of Chicago; Whereas President Richard Nixon selected Antonin Scalia to be General Counsel for the Office of Telecommunications Policy; Whereas Antonin Scalia served as chair-man of the Administrative Conference of the United States; Whereas President Richard Nixon selected Antonin Scalia to be Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel of the Department of Justice, and President Gerald Ford resubmitted the nomination of Antonin Scalia to serve in that position; Whereas President Ronald Reagan nomi-nated Antonin Scalia to be a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit; Whereas President Ronald Reagan nomi-nated Antonin Scalia to serve as an Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States; Whereas Antonin Scalia had a profound love for hunting and the arts, in particular opera; Whereas Antonin Scalia was a man of enor-mous intellect, incisive analytical skill, and tremendous wit, a combination reflected in the clarity of his judicial opinions; Whereas the record of Antonin Scalia illus-trates a belief in judicial restraint, judicial independence, and the rule of law; Whereas Antonin Scalia moved public dis-cussion toward a greater appreciation of the text and original meaning of the Constitu-tion as a basis for interpreting the terms of the Constitution; Whereas Antonin Scalia enforced the sepa-ration of powers contained in the Constitu-tion as a bulwark for individual freedom; Whereas Antonin Scalia raised the level of the quality of oral argument and judicial de-cisionmaking; Whereas Antonin Scalia was highly re-garded by each of his colleagues, including colleagues with a judicial philosophy that differed from his own; Whereas Antonin Scalia served with dis-tinction on the Supreme Court for more than 29 years; Whereas Antonin Scalia was 1 of the most influential and memorable Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States; Whereas Antonin Scalia was the embodi-ment of each of the ideal qualities of a judge: fairness, openmindedness, and above all com-mitment to intellectual rigor in application of the Constitution and the rule of law; Whereas Antonin Scalia will be remem-bered as 1 of the great Justices of the Su-preme Court of the United States; Whereas Antonin Scalia passed away on February 13, 2016; and Whereas the nation is deeply indebted to Antonin Scalia, a truly distinguished indi-vidual of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) extends heartfelt sympathy to the fam-ily and friends of Antonin Scalia; (2) acknowledges the lifetime of service of Antonin Scalia to the United States as a tal-ented attorney, a learned law professor, a dedicated public servant, a brilliant jurist, and 1 of the great Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States; and (3) commends Antonin Scalia for the 29- year tenure on the Supreme Court of the United States. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3312. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3313. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. G
RAHAM , and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3314. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3315. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3316. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3317. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. B OOKER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3318. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3319. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3320. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3321. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3322. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. A
LEXANDER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3323. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. R EED, Mr. B URR, Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 4470, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act with respect to the requirements related to lead in drinking water, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3312. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.028 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1004 February 24, 2016 
MURKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. CLEAN ENERGY VICTORY BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Treasury, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a re-port to Congress that provides recommenda-tions for the establishment, issuance, and promotion of Clean Energy Victory Bonds by the Department of the Treasury (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Clean Energy Victory Bonds Program’’). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of sub-section (a), the Clean Energy Victory Bonds Program shall be designed to— (1) ensure that any available proceeds from the issuance of Clean Energy Victory Bonds are used to finance clean energy projects (as defined in subsection (c)) at the Federal, State, and local level, which may include— (A) providing additional support to exist-ing Federal financing programs available to States for energy efficiency upgrades and clean energy deployment, and (B) providing funding for clean energy in-vestments by the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies, (2) provide for payment of interest to per-sons holding Clean Energy Victory Bonds through such methods as are determined ap-propriate by the Secretary of the Treasury, including amounts— (A) recaptured from savings achieved through reduced energy spending by entities receiving any funding or financial assistance described in paragraph (1), and (B) collected as interest on loans financed or guaranteed under the Clean Energy Vic-tory Bonds Program, (3) issue bonds in denominations of not less than $25 or such amount as is determined ap-propriate by the Secretary of the Treasury to make them generally accessible to the public, and (4) collect not more than $50,000,000,000 in revenue from the issuance of Clean Energy Victory Bonds for purposes of financing clean energy projects described in paragraph (1). (c) C
LEAN ENERGY PROJECT .—The term ‘‘clean energy project’’ means a project which provides— (1) performance-based energy efficiency improvements, or (2) clean energy improvements, including— (A) electricity generated from solar, wind, geothermal, hydropower, and hydrokinetic energy sources, (B) fuel cells using non-fossil fuel sources, (C) advanced batteries, (D) next generation biofuels from non-food feedstocks, and (E) electric vehicle infrastructure. 
SA 3313. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. G
RAHAM , and Mr. C ARDIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 42ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ACCEL-ERATING ENERGY INNOVATION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) although important progress has been made in cost reduction and deployment of clean energy technologies, accelerating clean energy innovation will help meet crit-ical competitiveness, energy security, and environmental goals; (2) accelerating the pace of clean energy innovation in the United States calls for— (A) supporting existing research and devel-opment programs at the Department and the world-class National Laboratories (as de-fined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)); and (B) exploring and developing new pathways for innovators, investors, and decision-mak-ers to leverage the resources of the Depart-ment for addressing the challenges and com-parative strengths of geographic regions; (3) the energy supply, demand, policies, markets, and resource options of the United States vary by geographic region; (4) a regional approach to innovation can bridge the gaps between local talent, institu-tions, and industries to identify opportuni-ties and convert United States investment into domestic companies; and (5) Congress and the Secretary should ad-vance efforts that promote international, do-mestic, and regional cooperation on the re-search and development of energy innova-tions that— (A) provide clean, affordable, and reliable energy for everyone; (B) promote economic growth; and (C) are critical for energy security. SA 3314. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 359, strike line 7 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 4204. AGREEMENTS FOR COMMERCIALIZING TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITION OF NATIONAL LABORATORY .— In this section: (1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘National Lab-oratory’’ means a nonmilitary national lab-oratory owned by the Department. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘National Lab-oratory’’ includes— (A) Ames Laboratory; (B) Argonne National Laboratory; (C) Brookhaven National Laboratory; (D) Fermi National Accelerator Labora-tory; (E) Idaho National Laboratory; (F) Lawrence Berkeley National Labora-tory; (G) National Energy Technology Labora-tory; (H) National Renewable Energy Labora-tory; (I) Oak Ridge National Laboratory; (J) Pacific Northwest National Laboratory; (K) Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory; (L) Savannah River National Laboratory; (M) Stanford Linear Accelerator Center; (N) Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility; and (O) any laboratory operated by the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, with respect to the civilian energy activities conducted at the laboratory. (b) A
GREEMENTS FOR COMMERCIALIZING  T
ECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the Agreements for Commercializing Technology pilot program of the Depart-ment, as announced by the Secretary on De-cember 8, 2011, in accordance with this sub-section. (2) TERMS .—Each agreement entered into pursuant to the pilot program referred to in paragraph (1) shall provide to the contractor of the applicable National Laboratory, to the maximum extent determined to be appro-priate by the Secretary, increased authority to negotiate contract terms, such as intellec-tual property rights, indemnification, pay-ment structures, performance guarantees, and multiparty collaborations. (3) E
LIGIBILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), any National Laboratory may enter into an agreement pursuant to the pilot pro-gram referred to in paragraph (1). (B) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.—To carry out subparagraph (A) and subject to subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to execute agreements with non-Federal entities, including non-Federal entities already receiving Federal funding that will be used to support activities under agreements executed pursuant to subpara-graph (A). (C) R
ESTRICTION .—The requirements of chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Bayh-Dole Act’’) shall apply if— (i) the agreement is a funding agreement (as that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and (ii) at least 1 of the parties to the funding agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. (4) S
UBMISSION TO SECRETARY .—Each af- fected director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary, with respect to each agreement entered into under this subsection— (A) a summary of information relating to the relevant project; (B) the total estimated costs of the project; (C) estimated commencement and comple-tion dates of the project; and (D) other documentation determined to be appropriate by the Secretary. (5) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall re-quire the contractor of the affected National Laboratory to certify that each activity car-ried out under a project for which an agree-ment is entered into under this subsection— (A) is not in direct competition with the private sector; and (B) does not present, or minimizes, any ap-parent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this sub-section. (6) E
XTENSION .—The pilot program referred to in paragraph (1) shall be extended for a term of 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (7) R
EPORTS .— (A) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date described in paragraph (6), the Secretary, in coordination with directors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report that— (i) assesses the overall effectiveness of the pilot program referred to in paragraph (1); (ii) identifies opportunities to improve the effectiveness of the pilot program; (iii) assesses the potential for program ac-tivities to interfere with the responsibilities of the National Laboratories to the Depart-ment; and (iv) provides a recommendation regarding the future of the pilot program. (B) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Annually, the Sec-retary, in coordination with the directors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate and the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.033 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1005 February 24, 2016 
Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report that accounts for all incidences of, and provides a justification for, non-Federal entities using funds derived from a Federal contract or award to carry out agreements entered into under this sub-section. (c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion abrogates or otherwise affects the pri-mary responsibilities of any National Lab-oratory to the Department. 
SEC. 4205. MICROLAB TECHNOLOGY COMMER-CIALIZATION. 
SA 3315. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 67, lines 3 and 4, strike ‘‘not less than’’. 
SA 3316. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 23ll. MODEL GUIDANCE FOR COMBINED HEAT AND POWER SYSTEMS AND WASTE HEAT TO POWER SYSTEMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES .—The term ‘‘addi-tional services’’ means the provision of sup-plementary power, backup or standby power, maintenance power, or interruptible power to an electric consumer by an electric util-ity. (2) W
ASTE HEAT TO POWER SYSTEM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘waste heat to power system’’ means a system that gen-erates electricity through the recovery of waste energy. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘waste heat to power system’’ does not include a system that generates electricity through the recov-ery of a heat resource from a process the pri-mary purpose of which is the generation of electricity using a fossil fuel. (3) O
THER TERMS .— (A) PURPA.—The terms ‘‘electric con-sumer’’, ‘‘electric utility’’, ‘‘interconnection service’’, ‘‘nonregulated electric utility’’, and ‘‘State regulatory authority’’ have the meanings given those terms in the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), within the meaning of title I of that Act (16 U.S.C. 2611 et seq.). (B) EPCA.—The terms ‘‘combined heat and power system’’ and ‘‘waste energy’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 371 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6341). (b) R
EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and other appropriate entities, shall review existing rules and procedures relating to interconnec-tion service and additional services through-out the United States for electric generation with nameplate capacity up to 20 megawatts to identify barriers to the deployment of combined heat and power systems and waste heat to power systems. (2) INCLUSION .—The review under this sub-section shall include a review of existing rules and procedures relating to— (A) determining and assigning costs of interconnection service and additional serv-ices; and (B) ensuring adequate cost recovery by an electric utility for interconnection service and additional services. (c) M
ODEL GUIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and other appropriate entities, shall issue model guid-ance for interconnection service and addi-tional services for use by State regulatory authorities and nonregulated electric utili-ties to reduce the barriers identified under subsection (b)(1). (2) C
URRENT BEST PRACTICES .—The model guidance issued under this subsection shall reflect, to the maximum extent practicable, current best practices to encourage the de-ployment of combined heat and power sys-tems and waste heat to power systems while ensuring the safety and reliability of the interconnected units and the distribution and transmission networks to which the units connect, including— (A) relevant current standards developed by the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers; and (B) model codes and rules adopted by— (i) States; or (ii) associations of State regulatory agen-cies. (3) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In estab- lishing the model guidance under this sub-section, the Secretary shall take into consid-eration— (A) the appropriateness of using standards or procedures for interconnection service that vary based on unit size, fuel type, or other relevant characteristics; (B) the appropriateness of establishing fast-track procedures for interconnection service; (C) the value of consistency with Federal interconnection rules established by the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission as of the date of enactment of this Act; (D) the best practices used to model outage assumptions and contingencies to determine fees or rates for additional services; (E) the appropriate duration, magnitude, or usage of demand charge ratchets; (F) potential alternative arrangements with respect to the procurement of addi-tional services, including— (i) contracts tailored to individual electric consumers for additional services; (ii) procurement of additional services by an electric utility from a competitive mar-ket; and (iii) waivers of fees or rates for additional services for small electric consumers; and (G) outcomes such as increased electric re-liability, fuel diversification, enhanced power quality, and reduced electric losses that may result from increased use of com-bined heat and power systems and waste heat to power systems. 
SA 3317. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: SEC. 42ll. RESTORATION OF LABORATORY DI-RECTED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAM. 
The Secretary shall ensure that laboratory operating contractors do not allocate costs of general and administrative overhead to laboratory directed research and develop-ment. 
SA 3318. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 42ll. RESTORATION OF LABORATORY DI-RECTED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAM. 
The Secretary shall ensure that the labora-tory operating contractors for Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Los Alamos National Laboratory, and Sandia National Laboratories do not allocate costs of general and administrative overhead to laboratory directed research and development. 
SA 3319. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3017 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3017. WOODY BIO-POWER. 
Section 803 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17282) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or to receive any form of Federal assistance under subsection (c)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a grant under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant under this subsection or any form of Federal assistance under subsection (c)’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as para-graph (5), and indenting appropriately; (3) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) W
OODY BIO-POWER .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) W
OODY BIOMASS .—The term ‘woody biomass’ means any material derived from trees and brush in forest ecosystems that is considered to be biomass (as defined in sec-tion 203(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852(b))). ‘‘(B) W
OODY BIOMASS -DERIVED THERMAL EN -
ERGY .—The term ‘woody biomass-derived thermal energy’ means the use of woody bio-mass— ‘‘(i) to generate heat; or ‘‘(ii) for cooling purposes. ‘‘(C) W
OODY BIO -POWER .—The term ‘woody bio-power’ means the use of woody biomass to generate electricity. ‘‘(2) W
OODY BIO -POWER AND WOODY BIOMASS - 
DERIVED THERMAL ENERGY .—The Secretary shall coordinate research and development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.034 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1006 February 24, 2016 
activities relating to woody bio-power and woody biomass-derived thermal energy projects with other departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government. ‘‘(3) W
OODY BIO -POWER AND WOODY BIOMASS - 
DERIVED THERMAL ENERGY GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a program under which the Secretary shall provide grants to support in-novation, market development, and expan-sion for woody bio-power and woody bio-mass-derived thermal energy in the commer-cial, institutional, industrial, and residential bioenergy sectors. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-ceive a grant under this paragraph, the owner or operator of a relevant project shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire. ‘‘(C) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts appro-priated each fiscal year to carry out this paragraph, the Secretary shall not provide more than— ‘‘(i) $15,000,000 for projects that develop in-novative techniques to preprocess woody bio-mass for use in woody bio-powered and woody biomass-derived thermal energy and for lowering the costs of— ‘‘(I) distributed preprocessing technologies, including technologies designed to promote densification, torrefaction, and the broader commoditization of bioenergy feedstocks; and ‘‘(II) transportation; ‘‘(ii) $15,000,000 for woody bio-power and woody biomass-derived thermal development projects, including— ‘‘(I) district energy projects; ‘‘(II) combined heat and power; ‘‘(III) small-scale gasification; ‘‘(IV) innovation in the transportation of woody biomass; and ‘‘(V) projects addressing the challenges of retrofitting existing electricity generation facilities, including coal-fired facilities, to use biomass; and ‘‘(iii) $5,000,000 for research and develop-ment of residential wood heaters towards meeting all targets established by the most recent standards of performance established by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 111 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411). ‘‘(D) R
EGIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—In selecting projects to receive grants under this para-graph, the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, diverse geo-graphical distribution among the projects. ‘‘(E) C
OST SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out using a grant under this paragraph shall be 50 percent. ‘‘(F) D
UTIES OF RECIPIENTS .—As a condition of receiving a grant under this paragraph, the owner or operator of a relevant project shall— ‘‘(i) participate in the applicable working group under subparagraph (G); ‘‘(ii) submit to the Secretary a report that includes— ‘‘(I) a description of the project and any relevant findings; and ‘‘(II) such other information as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary to com-plete the report of the Secretary under sub-paragraph (H); and ‘‘(iii) carry out such other activities as the Secretary determines to be necessary. ‘‘(G) W
ORKING GROUPS .—The Secretary shall establish 3 working groups to share best practices and collaborate in project im-plementation, of which— ‘‘(i) 1 shall be comprised of representatives of projects that receive grants under sub-paragraph (C)(i); ‘‘(ii) 1 shall be comprised of representa-tives of projects that receive grants under subparagraph (C)(ii); and ‘‘(iii) 1 shall be comprised of representa-tives of projects that receive grants under subparagraph (C)(iii). ‘‘(H) REPORTS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report describing— ‘‘(i) each project for which a grant has been provided under this paragraph; ‘‘(ii) any findings as a result of those projects; and ‘‘(iii) the state of market and technology development, including market barriers and opportunities. ‘‘(I) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(4) P
ROMOTING BIOENERGY IN FEDERAL FA -
CILITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to fund woody bio-power and woody biomass-derived thermal energy system installations for new or existing Federal facilities $20,000,000, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall consult regularly to ensure op-timal success of the activities described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) DOE 
CHP TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PART -
NERSHIPS .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Secretary to carry out the Combined Heat and Power Technical Assist-ance Partnerships of the Department $5,000,000 to increase the capacity and exper-tise of the Department to provide technical and other assistance for combined heat and power systems that use wood as a fuel source. ‘‘(6) DOE 
RESEARCH ON SMALL GASIFIER SYS -
TEMS .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Secretary $5,000,000 to assess and develop market opportunities for small gasifiers, turbines, and other small-scale thermal energy and combined heat and power systems that use wood as a fuel source. ‘‘(7) W
OOD ENERGY WORKS PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-priated to carry out this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall grant funding to a non-Federal organization to create and deliver an initia-tive for the purpose of providing free assist-ance from the design phase through the con-struction phase for wood energy projects and education, training, and resources related to the design of wood energy systems for a wide range of building types including mid-rise, multi-residential, commercial, institutional, and industrial buildings. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A non-Federal organiza-tion described in subparagraph (A) shall re-port quarterly to the Secretary on the progress and accomplishments of the initia-tive. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—For each fiscal year in which funding is appropriated to carry out this paragraph, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the progress and accomplishments of the funded initia-tives. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this paragraph— ‘‘(i) $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(ii) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. ‘‘(8) C
OORDINATION OF EFFORTS TO CREATE  
INTERAGENCY WOOD ENERGY POLICY REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, in consultation with other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall conduct an evaluation of Federal policies as of the date of enactment of this subsection and make recommendations on how Congress can bet-ter support the industrial, commercial, and residential wood energy sectors in the United States. ‘‘(B) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the evaluation conducted and recommendations made under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(C) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this paragraph $1,000,000. ‘‘(9) R
EGIONAL TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PRO -
GRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a regional woody biomass energy pro-gram that provides technical assistance to install woody bio-power or woody biomass- derived thermal energy systems for heating, cooling, or electricity at new or existing fa-cilities. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this paragraph $75,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. ‘‘(10) S
TRATEGIC ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting jointly with the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, shall estab-lish a woody biomass thermal and woody bio- power research program— ‘‘(i) the costs of which shall be divided equally between the Department and the En-vironmental Protection Agency; ‘‘(ii) to carry out projects and activities to advance research and analysis on the envi-ronmental, social, and economic impacts of the United States woody bio-power and woody biomass-derived thermal energy in-dustries, including— ‘‘(I) full accounting of greenhouse gas emissions; ‘‘(II) net energy analysis; and ‘‘(III) advanced modeling of future climate impacts coupled with land use changes on fu-ture forest health and biomass production; ‘‘(iii) to provide recommendations for pol-icy and investment in those areas; and ‘‘(iv) to identify and assess, through a joint effort between the Secretary and the re-gional combined heat and power groups of the Department and the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, the feasibility of thermally led district wood energy opportunities in all regions, including by conducting— ‘‘(I) broad regional assessments; and ‘‘(II) feasibility studies and preliminary engineering assessments for individual facili-ties. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency— ‘‘(i) $2,000,000 to carry out clauses (ii) and (iii) of subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) $1,000,000 to carry out subparagraph (A)(iv).’’. 
SA 3320. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3009 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3009. LARGE-SCALE GEOTHERMAL ENERGY. 
Section 803 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17282) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.037 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1007 February 24, 2016 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or to receive a grant under subsection (c)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a grant under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant under this subsection or subsection (c)’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as para-graph (5), and indenting appropriately; (3) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
ARGE -SCALE GEOTHERMAL ENERGY .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-section are— ‘‘(A) to improve the components, processes, and systems used for geothermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal energy; and ‘‘(B) to increase the energy efficiency, lower the cost, increase the use, and improve and demonstrate the applicability of geo-thermal heat pumps to, and the direct use of geothermal energy in, large buildings, com-mercial districts, residential communities, and large municipal, agricultural, or indus-trial projects. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) D
IRECT USE OF GEOTHERMAL ENERGY .— The term ‘direct use of geothermal energy’ means systems that use water that is at a temperature between approximately 38 de-grees Celsius and 149 degrees Celsius directly or through a heat exchanger to provide— ‘‘(i) heating to buildings; or ‘‘(ii) heat required for industrial processes, agriculture, aquaculture, and other facili-ties. ‘‘(B) G
EOTHERMAL HEAT PUMP .—The term ‘geothermal heat pump’ means a system that provides heating and cooling by exchanging heat from shallow ground or surface water using— ‘‘(i) a closed loop system, which transfers heat by way of buried or immersed pipes that contain a mix of water and working fluid; or ‘‘(ii) an open loop system, which circulates ground or surface water directly into the building and returns the water to the same aquifer or surface water source. ‘‘(C) L
ARGE -SCALE APPLICATION .—The term ‘large-scale application’ means an applica-tion for space or process heating or cooling for large entities with a name-plate capac-ity, expected resource, or rating of 10 or more megawatts, such as a large building, commercial district, residential community, or a large municipal, agricultural, or indus-trial project. ‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program of research, development, and demonstration for geothermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal en-ergy. ‘‘(B) A
REAS .—The program may include re-search, development, demonstration, and commercial application of— ‘‘(i) geothermal ground loop efficiency im-provements through more efficient heat transfer fluids; ‘‘(ii) geothermal ground loop efficiency im-provements through more efficient thermal grouts for wells and trenches; ‘‘(iii) geothermal ground loop installation cost reduction through— ‘‘(I) improved drilling methods; ‘‘(II) improvements in drilling equipment; ‘‘(III) improvements in design methodology and energy analysis procedures; and ‘‘(IV) improved methods for determination of ground thermal properties and ground temperatures; ‘‘(iv) installing geothermal ground loops near the foundation walls of new construc-tion to take advantage of existing struc-tures; ‘‘(v) using gray or black wastewater as a method of heat exchange; ‘‘(vi) improving geothermal heat pump sys-tem economics through integration of geo-thermal systems with other building sys-tems, including providing hot and cold water and rejecting or circulating industrial proc-ess heat through refrigeration heat rejection and waste heat recovery; ‘‘(vii) advanced geothermal systems using variable pumping rates to increase effi-ciency; ‘‘(viii) geothermal heat pump efficiency improvements; ‘‘(ix) use of hot water found in mines and mine shafts and other surface waters as the heat exchange medium; ‘‘(x) heating of districts, neighborhoods, communities, large commercial or public buildings (including office, retail, edu-cational, government, and institutional buildings and multifamily residential build-ings and campuses), and industrial and man-ufacturing facilities; ‘‘(xi) geothermal system integration with solar thermal water heating or cool roofs and solar-regenerated desiccants to balance loads and use building hot water to store geothermal energy; ‘‘(xii) use of hot water coproduced from oil and gas recovery; ‘‘(xiii) use of water sources at a tempera-ture of less than 150 degrees Celsius for di-rect use; ‘‘(xiv) system integration of direct use with geothermal electricity production; and ‘‘(xv) coproduction of heat and power, in-cluding on-site use. ‘‘(C) ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall identify and mitigate potential environmental im-pacts in accordance with section 614(c). ‘‘(4) G
RANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make grants available to State and local governments, institutions of higher edu-cation, nonprofit entities, utilities, and for- profit companies (including manufacturers of heat-pump and direct-use components and systems) to promote the development of geo-thermal heat pumps and the direct use of geothermal energy. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In making grants under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to proposals that apply to large build-ings (including office, retail, educational, government, institutional, and multifamily residential buildings and campuses and in-dustrial and manufacturing facilities), com-mercial districts, and residential commu-nities. ‘‘(C) N
ATIONAL SOLICITATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall conduct a national solicitation for applications for grants under this paragraph. ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this sub-section and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on progress made and results ob-tained under this subsection to develop geo-thermal heat pumps and direct use of geo-thermal energy. ‘‘(B) A
REAS .—Each of the reports required under this paragraph shall include— ‘‘(i) an analysis of progress made in each of the areas described in paragraph (3)(B); and ‘‘(ii)(I) a description of any relevant rec-ommendations made during a review of the program; and ‘‘(II) any plans to address the recommenda-tions under subclause (I).’’. SA 3321. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE VI—SPORTSMEN AND WILDLIFE 
SEC. 601. TARGET PRACTICE AND MARKSMAN-SHIP. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to facilitate the construction and expan-sion of public target ranges, including ranges on Federal land managed by the Forest Serv-ice and the Bureau of Land Management. (b) D
EFINITION OF PUBLIC TARGET RANGE .— In this section, the term ‘‘public target range’’ means a specific location that— (1) is identified by a governmental agency for recreational shooting; (2) is open to the public; (3) may be supervised; and (4) may accommodate archery or rifle, pis-tol, or shotgun shooting. (c) A
MENDMENTS TO PITTMAN -ROBERTSON  W
ILDLIFE RESTORATION ACT.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669a) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (8) as paragraphs (3) through (9), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) the term ‘public target range’ means a specific location that— ‘‘(A) is identified by a governmental agen-cy for recreational shooting; ‘‘(B) is open to the public; ‘‘(C) may be supervised; and ‘‘(D) may accommodate archery or rifle, pistol, or shotgun shooting;’’. (2) E
XPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF  
WILDLIFE AREAS AND RESOURCES .—Section 8(b) of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Res-toration Act (16 U.S.C. 669g(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) Each State’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) E
XPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF  W
ILDLIFE AREAS AND RESOURCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each State’’; (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘construction, operation,’’ and in-serting ‘‘operation’’; (C) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The non-Federal share’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share’’; (D) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary’’; and (E) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as des-ignated by subparagraph (A)) the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the lim-itation described in paragraph (1), a State may pay up to 90 percent of the cost of ac-quiring land for, expanding, or constructing a public target range.’’. (3) F
IREARM AND BOW HUNTER EDUCATION  
AND SAFETY PROGRAM GRANTS .—Section 10 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669h–1) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.038 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1008 February 24, 2016 
‘‘(3) A LLOCATION OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS .— Of the amount apportioned to a State for any fiscal year under section 4(b), the State may elect to allocate not more than 10 per-cent, to be combined with the amount appor-tioned to the State under paragraph (1) for that fiscal year, for acquiring land for, ex-panding, or constructing a public target range.’’; (B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) C
OSTSHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out using a grant under this section shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the activity. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC TARGET RANGE CONSTRUCTION OR  
EXPANSION .—The Federal share of the cost of acquiring land for, expanding, or con-structing a public target range in a State on Federal or non-Federal land pursuant to this section or section 8(b) shall not exceed 90 percent of the cost of the activity.’’; and (C) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Amounts made’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), amounts made’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Amounts provided for ac-quiring land for, constructing, or expanding a public target range shall remain available for expenditure and obligation during the 5- fiscal-year period beginning on October 1 of the first fiscal year for which the amounts are made available.’’. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING CO-
OPERATION .—It is the sense of Congress that, consistent with applicable laws (including regulations), the Chief of the Forest Service and the Director of the Bureau of Land Man-agement should cooperate with State and local authorities and other entities to carry out waste removal and other activities on any Federal land used as a public target range to encourage continued use of that land for target practice or marksmanship training. 
SEC. 602. NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CON-SERVATION ACT. 
Section 7(c) of the North American Wet-lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4406(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 603. MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVA-TION FUNDS REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF AFRICAN ELEPHANT  C
ONSERVATION ACT.—Section 2306(a) of the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4245(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. (b) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF RHINOCEROS AND  T
IGER CONSERVATION ACT OF 1994.—Section 10(a) of the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conserva-tion Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5306(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. (c) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF ASIAN ELEPHANT  C
ONSERVATION ACT OF 1997.—Section 8(a) of the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4266(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. (d) A
MENDMENT AND REAUTHORIZATION OF  G
REAT APECONSERVATION ACT OF 2000.—The Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 is amend-ed as follows: (1) M
ULTIYEAR GRANTS .—In section 4 (16 U.S.C. 6303), by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(j) M
ULTIYEAR GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may award a multiyear grant under this section to a person who is otherwise eligible for a grant under this section, to carry out a project that the person demonstrates is an effective, long-term conservation strategy for great apes and their habitats. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL GRANTS NOT AFFECTED .—This subsection shall not be construed as pre-cluding the Secretary from awarding grants on an annual basis.’’. (2) P
ANEL OF EXPERTS .—In section 4(i) (16 U.S.C. 6303(i))— (A) in paragraph (1), by— (i) striking ‘‘Every 2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘Within one year after the date of the enact-ment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and every 5 years thereafter’’; (ii) striking ‘‘may convene’’ and inserting ‘‘shall convene’’; (iii) inserting ‘‘and priorities’’ after ‘‘needs’’; and (iv) adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The panel shall, to the extent practicable, include representatives from foreign range states with expertise in great ape conservation.’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4), and inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) In identifying conservation needs and priorities under paragraph (1), the panel shall consider relevant great ape conserva-tion plans or strategies including scientific research and findings related to— ‘‘(A) the conservation needs and priorities of great apes; ‘‘(B) regional or species-specific action plans or strategies; ‘‘(C) applicable strategies developed or ini-tiated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(D) any other applicable conservation plan or strategy. ‘‘(3) The Secretary, subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, may pay expenses of convening and facilitating meetings of the panel.’’. (3) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES LIMITATION .— In section 5(b)(2) (16 U.S.C. 6304(b)(2)), by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$150,000’’. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In section 6 (16 U.S.C. 6305), by striking ‘‘2006 through 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. (e) A
MENDMENT AND REAUTHORIZATION OF  M
ARINE TURTLE CONSERVATION ACT OF 2004.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Marine Turtle Con-servation Act of 2004 is amended— (A) in sections 2(b) and 3(2) (16 U.S.C. 6601(b), 6602(2)), by inserting ‘‘and territories of the United States’’ after ‘‘foreign coun-tries’’ each place it occurs; (B) in section 3 (16 U.S.C. 6602) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) T
ERRITORY OF THE UNITED STATES .— The term ‘territory of the United States’ means each of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States.’’; and (C) in section 4 (16 U.S.C. 6603)— (i) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘or territory of the United States’’ after ‘‘for-eign country’’; and (ii) in subsection (d) by inserting ‘‘and ter-ritories of the United States’’ after ‘‘foreign countries’’. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES LIMITATION .— Section 5(b)(2) of the Marine Turtle Con-servation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6604(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$80,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$150,000’’. (3) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 7 of the Ma-rine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6606) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’. SEC. 604. NATIONAL FISH AND WILDLIFE FOUN-DATION ESTABLISHMENT ACT. 
(a) B OARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FOUNDA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—After consulting with the Secretary of Commerce and considering the recommendations submitted by the Board, the Secretary of the Interior shall ap-point 28 Directors who, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, shall— ‘‘(A) be knowledgeable and experienced in matters relating to the conservation of fish, wildlife, or other natural resources; and ‘‘(B) represent a balance of expertise in ocean, coastal, freshwater, and terrestrial re-source conservation.’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) T
ERMS .—Each Director (other than a Director described in paragraph (1)) shall be appointed for a term of 6 years.’’; and (B) in subsection (g)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(A) Officers and employees may not be appointed until the Foundation has sufficient funds to pay them for their service. Officers’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Officers’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The Founda-tion shall have an Executive Director who shall be— ‘‘(i) appointed by, and serve at the direc-tion of, the Board as the chief executive offi-cer of the Foundation; and ‘‘(ii) knowledgeable and experienced in matters relating to fish and wildlife con-servation.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4(a)(1)(B) of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4403(a)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘Executive Director of the Board’’. (b) R
IGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE FOUN-
DATION .—Section 4 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3703) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘(c) P
OWERS .—To carry out its purposes under’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) P
OWERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out the pur-poses described in’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (11) as subparagraphs (A) through (K), respectively, and indenting appro-priately; (C) in subparagraph (D) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘that are in-sured by an agency or instrumentality of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘at 1 or more financial institutions that are members of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Securities Investment Protection Cor-poration’’; (D) in subparagraph (E) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘paragraph (3) or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D)’’; (E) in subparagraph (J) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (F) by striking subparagraph (K) (as redes-ignated by subparagraph (B)) and inserting the following: ‘‘(K) to receive and administer restitution and community service payments, amounts for mitigation of impacts to natural re-sources, and other amounts arising from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.039 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1009 February 24, 2016 
legal, regulatory, or administrative pro-ceedings, subject to the condition that the amounts are received or administered for purposes that further the conservation and management of fish, wildlife, plants, and other natural resources; and ‘‘(L) to do acts necessary to carry out the purposes of the Foundation.’’; and (G) by striking the undesignated matter at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF REAL PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this Act, an interest in real property shall be treated as including easements or other rights for preservation, conservation, protec-tion, or enhancement by and for the public of natural, scenic, historic, scientific, edu-cational, inspirational, or recreational re-sources. ‘‘(B) E
NCUMBERED REAL PROPERTY .—A gift, devise, or bequest may be accepted by the Foundation even though the gift, devise, or bequest is encumbered, restricted, or subject to beneficial interests of private persons if any current or future interest in the gift, de-vise, or bequest is for the benefit of the Foundation. ‘‘(3) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The acceptance and administration of amounts by the Founda-tion under paragraph (1)(K) does not alter, supersede, or limit any regulatory or statu-tory requirement associated with those amounts.’’; (2) by striking subsections (f) and (g); and (3) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 10 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3709) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— ‘‘(A) $15,000,000 to the Secretary of the In-terior; ‘‘(B) $5,000,000 to the Secretary of Agri-culture; and ‘‘(C) $5,000,000 to the Secretary of Com-merce.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A
MOUNTS FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), Federal departments, agen-cies, or instrumentalities may provide Fed-eral funds to the Foundation, subject to the condition that the amounts are used for pur-poses that further the conservation and man-agement of fish, wildlife, plants, and other natural resources in accordance with this Act. ‘‘(B) A
DVANCES .—Federal departments, agencies, or instrumentalities may advance amounts described in subparagraph (A) to the Foundation in a lump sum without re-gard to when the expenses for which the amounts are used are incurred. ‘‘(C) M
ANAGEMENT FEES .—The Foundation may assess and collect fees for the manage-ment of amounts received under this para-graph.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
FUNDS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AMOUNTS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘shall be used’’ and insert-ing ‘‘may be used’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and State and local gov-ernment agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘, State and local government agencies, and other en-tities’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION OF AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In entering into con-tracts, agreements, or other partnerships pursuant to this Act, a Federal department, agency, or instrumentality shall have discre-tion to waive any competitive process appli-cable to the department, agency, or instru-mentality for entering into contracts, agree-ments, or partnerships with the Foundation if the purpose of the waiver is— ‘‘(i) to address an environmental emer-gency resulting from a natural or other dis-aster; or ‘‘(ii) as determined by the head of the ap-plicable Federal department, agency, or in-strumentality, to reduce administrative ex-penses and expedite the conservation and management of fish, wildlife, plants, and other natural resources. ‘‘(B) REPORTS .—The Foundation shall in-clude in the annual report submitted under section 7(b) a description of any use of the authority under subparagraph (A) by a Fed-eral department, agency, or instrumentality in that fiscal year.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) U
SE OF GIFTS, DEVISES , ORBEQUESTS  
OFMONEY OR OTHER PROPERTY .—Any gifts, devises, or bequests of amounts or other property, or any other amounts or other property, transferred to, deposited with, or otherwise in the possession of the Founda-tion pursuant to this Act, may be made available by the Foundation to Federal de-partments, agencies, or instrumentalities and may be accepted and expended (or the disposition of the amounts or property di-rected), without further appropriation, by those Federal departments, agencies, or in-strumentalities, subject to the condition that the amounts or property be used for purposes that further the conservation and management of fish, wildlife, plants, and other natural resources.’’. (d) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—Section 11 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3710) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘exclusive’’ before ‘‘author-ity’’. 
SEC. 605. REAUTHORIZATION OF NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION ACT. 
Section 10 of the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6109) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $6,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts made available under subsection (a) for each fiscal year, not less than 75 percent shall be ex-pended for projects carried out at a location outside of the United States.’’. TITLE VII—NATIONAL FISH HABITAT CONSERVATION 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Fish Habitat Conservation Through Partner-ships Act’’. 
SEC. 702. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to encourage partnerships among public agencies and other interested parties to promote fish con-servation— (1) to achieve measurable habitat con-servation results through strategic actions of Fish Habitat Partnerships that lead to better fish habitat conditions and increased fishing opportunities by— (A) improving ecological conditions; (B) restoring natural processes; or (C) preventing the decline of intact and healthy systems; (2) to establish a consensus set of national conservation strategies as a framework to guide future actions and investment by Fish Habitat Partnerships; (3) to broaden the community of support for fish habitat conservation by— (A) increasing fishing opportunities; (B) fostering the participation of local communities, especially young people in local communities, in conservation activi-ties; and (C) raising public awareness of the role healthy fish habitat play in the quality of life and economic well-being of local commu-nities; (4) to fill gaps in the National Fish Habitat Assessment and the associated database of the National Fish Habitat Assessment— (A) to empower strategic conservation ac-tions supported by broadly available sci-entific information; and (B) to integrate socioeconomic data in the analysis to improve the lives of humans in a manner consistent with fish habitat con-servation goals; and (5) to communicate to the public and con-servation partners— (A) the conservation outcomes produced collectively by Fish Habitat Partnerships; and (B) new opportunities and voluntary ap-proaches for conserving fish habitat. SEC. 703. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (2) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the National Fish Habitat Board established by section 704(a)(1). (3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. (4) E
PA ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘EPA Assistant Administrator’’ means the Assistant Administrator for Water of the Environmental Protection Agency. (5) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). (6) NOAA 
ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘NOAA Assistant Administrator’’ means the Assistant Administrator for Fish-eries of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration. (7) P
ARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘‘Partnership’’ means a self-governed entity designated by the Board as a Fish Habitat Conservation Partnership pursuant to section 705(a). (8) R
EAL PROPERTY INTEREST .—The term ‘‘real property interest’’ means an ownership interest in— (A) land; or (B) water (including water rights). (9) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (10) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States. (11) S
TATE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘State agen-cy’’ means— (A) the fish and wildlife agency of a State; and (B) any department or division of a depart-ment or agency of a State that manages in the public trust the inland or marine fishery resources or sustains the habitat for those fishery resources of the State pursuant to State law or the constitution of the State. 
SEC. 704. NATIONAL FISH HABITAT BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) F
ISH HABITAT BOARD .—There is estab-lished a board, to be known as the ‘‘National Fish Habitat Board’’, whose duties are— (A) to promote, oversee, and coordinate the implementation of this title; (B) to establish national goals and prior-ities for fish habitat conservation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.039 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1010 February 24, 2016 
(C) to approve Partnerships; and (D) to review and make recommendations regarding fish habitat conservation projects. (2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Board shall be com-posed of 25 members, of whom— (A) 1 shall be a representative of the De-partment of the Interior; (B) 1 shall be a representative of the United States Geological Survey; (C) 1 shall be a representative of the De-partment of Commerce; (D) 1 shall be a representative of the De-partment of Agriculture; (E) 1 shall be a representative of the Asso-ciation of Fish and Wildlife Agencies; (F) 4 shall be representatives of State agencies, 1 of whom shall be nominated by a regional association of fish and wildlife agencies from each of the Northeast, South-east, Midwest, and Western regions of the United States; (G) 1 shall be a representative of either— (i) Indian tribes in the State of Alaska; or (ii) Indian tribes in States other than the State of Alaska; (H) 1 shall be a representative of either— (i) the Regional Fishery Management Councils established under section 302 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852); or (ii) a representative of the Marine Fish-eries Commissions, which is composed of— (I) the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission; (II) the Gulf States Marine Fisheries Com-mission; and (III) the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commission; (I) 1 shall be a representative of the Sportfishing and Boating Partnership Coun-cil; (J) 7 shall be representatives selected from each of— (i) the recreational sportfishing industry; (ii) the commercial fishing industry; (iii) marine recreational anglers; (iv) freshwater recreational anglers; (v) habitat conservation organizations; and (vi) science-based fishery organizations; (K) 1 shall be a representative of a national private landowner organization; (L) 1 shall be a representative of an agri-cultural production organization; (M) 1 shall be a representative of local gov-ernment interests involved in fish habitat restoration; (N) 2 shall be representatives from dif-ferent sectors of corporate industries, which may include— (i) natural resource commodity interests, such as petroleum or mineral extraction; (ii) natural resource user industries; and (iii) industries with an interest in fish and fish habitat conservation; and (O) 1 shall be a leadership private sector or landowner representative of an active part-nership. (3) C
OMPENSATION .—A member of the Board shall serve without compensation. (4) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Board may be allowed travel expenses, in-cluding per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agen-cy under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Board. (b) A
PPOINTMENT AND TERMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, a member of the Board described in any of subparagraphs (F) through (N) of subsection (a)(2) shall serve for a term of 3 years. (2) I
NITIAL BOARD MEMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The initial Board will consist of representatives as described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of subsection (a)(2). (B) REMAINING MEMBERS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the representatives of the initial Board pur-suant to subparagraph (A) shall appoint the remaining members of the Board described in subparagraphs (H) through (N) of sub-section (a)(2). (C) T
RIBAL REPRESENTATIVES .—Not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Board a recommendation of not fewer than 3 tribal representatives, from which the Board shall appoint 1 representative pursuant to sub-paragraph (G) of subsection (a)(2). (3) T
RANSITIONAL TERMS .—Of the members described in subsection (a)(2)(J) initially ap-pointed to the Board— (A) 2 shall be appointed for a term of 1 year; (B) 2 shall be appointed for a term of 2 years; and (C) 3 shall be appointed for a term of 3 years. (4) V
ACANCIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A vacancy of a member of the Board described in any of subparagraphs (H) through (N) of subsection (a)(2) shall be filled by an appointment made by the re-maining members of the Board. (B) T
RIBAL REPRESENTATIVES .—Following a vacancy of a member of the Board described in subparagraph (G) of subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall recommend to the Board a list of not fewer than 3 tribal representa-tives, from which the remaining members of the Board shall appoint a representative to fill the vacancy. (5) C
ONTINUATION OF SERVICE .—An indi- vidual whose term of service as a member of the Board expires may continue to serve on the Board until a successor is appointed. (6) R
EMOVAL .—If a member of the Board de-scribed in any of subparagraphs (H) through (N) of subsection (a)(2) misses 3 consecutive regularly scheduled Board meetings, the members of the Board may— (A) vote to remove that member; and (B) appoint another individual in accord-ance with paragraph (4). (c) C
HAIRPERSON .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The representative of the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies ap-pointed pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(E) shall serve as Chairperson of the Board. (2) T
ERM.—The Chairperson of the Board shall serve for a term of 3 years. (d) M
EETINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall meet— (A) at the call of the Chairperson; but (B) not less frequently than twice each cal-endar year. (2) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—All meetings of the Board shall be open to the public. (e) P
ROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall establish procedures to carry out the business of the Board, including— (A) a requirement that a quorum of the members of the Board be present to transact business; (B) a requirement that no recommenda-tions may be adopted by the Board, except by the vote of 
2⁄3of all members; (C) procedures for establishing national goals and priorities for fish habitat conserva-tion for the purposes of this title; (D) procedures for designating Partner-ships under section 705; and (E) procedures for reviewing, evaluating, and making recommendations regarding fish habitat conservation projects. (2) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Board shall constitute a quorum. SEC. 705. FISH HABITAT PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOAPPROVE .—The Board may approve and designate Fish Habitat Partnerships in accordance with this section. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of a Partner-ship shall be— (1) to work with other regional habitat conservation programs to promote coopera-tion and coordination to enhance fish and fish habitats; (2) to engage local and regional commu-nities to build support for fish habitat con-servation; (3) to involve diverse groups of public and private partners; (4) to develop collaboratively a strategic vision and achievable implementation plan that is scientifically sound; (5) to leverage funding from sources that support local and regional partnerships; (6) to use adaptive management principles, including evaluation of project success and functionality; (7) to develop appropriate local or regional habitat evaluation and assessment measures and criteria that are compatible with na-tional habitat condition measures; and (8) to implement local and regional pri-ority projects that improve conditions for fish and fish habitat. (c) C
RITERIA FOR APPROVAL .—An entity seeking to be designated as a Partnership shall— (1) submit to the Board an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Board may reason-ably require; and (2) demonstrate to the Board that the enti-ty has— (A) a focus on promoting the health of im-portant fish and fish habitats; (B) an ability to coordinate the implemen-tation of priority projects that support the goals and national priorities set by the Board that are within the Partnership boundary; (C) a self-governance structure that sup-ports the implementation of strategic prior-ities for fish habitat; (D) the ability to develop local and re-gional relationships with a broad range of entities to further strategic priorities for fish and fish habitat; (E) a strategic plan that details required investments for fish habitat conservation that addresses the strategic fish habitat pri-orities of the Partnership and supports and meets the strategic priorities of the Board; (F) the ability to develop and implement fish habitat conservation projects that ad-dress strategic priorities of the Partnership and the Board; and (G) the ability to develop fish habitat con-servation priorities based on sound science and data, the ability to measure the effec-tiveness of fish habitat projects of the Part-nership, and a clear plan as to how Partner-ship science and data components will be in-tegrated with the overall Board science and data effort. (d) A
PPROVAL .—The Board may approve an application for a Partnership submitted under subsection (c) if the Board determines that the applicant— (1) identifies representatives to provide support and technical assistance to the Part-nership from a diverse group of public and private partners, which may include State or local governments, nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and private individuals, that are fo-cused on conservation of fish habitats to achieve results across jurisdictional bound-aries on public and private land; (2) is organized to promote the health of important fish species and important fish habitats, including reservoirs, natural lakes, coastal and marine environments, and estu-aries; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.039 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1011 February 24, 2016 
(3) identifies strategic fish and fish habitat priorities for the Partnership area in the form of geographical focus areas or key stressors or impairments to facilitate stra-tegic planning and decisionmaking; (4) is able to address issues and priorities on a nationally significant scale; (5) includes a governance structure that— (A) reflects the range of all partners; and (B) promotes joint strategic planning and decisionmaking by the applicant; (6) demonstrates completion of, or signifi-cant progress toward the development of, a strategic plan to address the decline in fish populations, rather than simply treating symptoms, in accordance with the goals and national priorities established by the Board; and (7) promotes collaboration in developing a strategic vision and implementation pro-gram that is scientifically sound and achiev-able. 
SEC. 706. FISH HABITAT CONSERVATION PROJECTS. 
(a) S UBMISSION TO BOARD .—Not later than March 31 of each calendar year, each Part-nership shall submit to the Board a list of priority fish habitat conservation projects recommended by the Partnership for annual funding under this title. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS BY BOARD .—Not later than July 1 of each calendar year, the Board shall submit to the Secretary a pri-ority list of fish habitat conservation projects that includes the description, in-cluding estimated costs, of each project that the Board recommends that the Secretary approve and fund under this title for the fol-lowing fiscal year. (c) C
RITERIA FOR PROJECT SELECTION .—The Board shall select each fish habitat con-servation project to be recommended to the Secretary under subsection (b) after taking into consideration, at a minimum, the fol-lowing information: (1) A recommendation of the Partnership that is, or will be, participating actively in implementing the fish habitat conservation project. (2) The capabilities and experience of project proponents to implement success-fully the proposed project. (3) The extent to which the fish habitat conservation project — (A) fulfills a local or regional priority that is directly linked to the strategic plan of the Partnership and is consistent with the pur-pose of this title; (B) addresses the national priorities estab-lished by the Board; (C) is supported by the findings of the Habitat Assessment of the Partnership or the Board, and aligns or is compatible with other conservation plans; (D) identifies appropriate monitoring and evaluation measures and criteria that are compatible with national measures; (E) provides a well-defined budget linked to deliverables and outcomes; (F) leverages other funds to implement the project; (G) addresses the causes and processes be-hind the decline of fish or fish habitats; and (H) includes an outreach or education com-ponent that includes the local or regional community. (4) The availability of sufficient non-Fed-eral funds to match Federal contributions for the fish habitat conservation project, as required by subsection (e); (5) The extent to which the local or re-gional fish habitat conservation project— (A) will increase fish populations in a man-ner that leads to recreational fishing oppor-tunities for the public; (B) will be carried out through a coopera-tive agreement among Federal, State, and local governments, Indian tribes, and private entities; (C) increases public access to land or water for fish and wildlife-dependent recreational opportunities; (D) advances the conservation of fish and wildlife species that have been identified by the States as species of greatest conserva-tion need; (E) where appropriate, advances the con-servation of fish and fish habitats under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) and other relevant Federal law and State wildlife action plans; and (F) promotes strong and healthy fish habi-tats so that desired biological communities are able to persist and adapt. (6) The substantiality of the character and design of the fish habitat conservation project. (d) LIMITATIONS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR EVALUATION .—No fish habitat conservation project may be rec-ommended by the Board under subsection (b) or provided financial assistance under this title unless the fish habitat conservation project includes an evaluation plan designed using applicable Board guidance— (A) to appropriately assess the biological, ecological, or other results of the habitat protection, restoration, or enhancement ac-tivities carried out using the assistance; (B) to reflect appropriate changes to the fish habitat conservation project if the as-sessment substantiates that the fish habitat conservation project objectives are not being met; (C) to identify improvements to existing fish populations, recreational fishing oppor-tunities and the overall economic benefits for the local community of the fish habitat conservation project; and (D) to require the submission to the Board of a report describing the findings of the as-sessment. (2) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A State, local govern-ment, or other non-Federal entity is eligible to receive funds for the acquisition of real property from willing sellers under this title if the acquisition ensures 1 of— (i) public access for compatible fish and wildlife-dependent recreation; or (ii) a scientifically based, direct enhance-ment to the health of fish and fish popu-lations, as determined by the Board. (B) S
TATE AGENCY APPROVAL .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—All real property interest acquisition projects funded under this title are required to be approved by the State agency in the State in which the project is occurring. (ii) P
ROHIBITION .—The Board may not rec-ommend, and the Secretary may not provide any funding for, any real property interest acquisition that has not been approved by the State agency. (C) A
SSESSMENT OF OTHER AUTHORITIES .— The Fish Habitat Partnership shall conduct a project assessment, submitted with the funding request and approved by the Board, to demonstrate all other Federal, State, and local authorities for the acquisition of real property have been exhausted. (D) R
ESTRICTIONS .—A real property inter-est may not be acquired pursuant to a fish habitat conservation project by a State, local government, or other non-Federal enti-ty, unless— (i) the owner of the real property author-izes the State, local government, or other non-Federal entity to acquire the real prop-erty; and (ii) the Secretary and the Board determine that the State, local government, or other non-Federal entity would benefit from un-dertaking the management of the real prop-erty being acquired because that is in ac-cordance with the goals of a partnership. (e) NON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), no fish habitat conservation project may be recommended by the Board under subsection (b) or provided financial as-sistance under this title unless at least 50 percent of the cost of the fish habitat con-servation project will be funded with non- Federal funds. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share of the cost of a fish habitat conserva-tion project— (A) may not be derived from another Fed-eral grant program; but (B) may include in-kind contributions and cash. (3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INDIAN TRIBES .—Not- withstanding paragraph (1) or any other pro-vision of law, any funds made available to an Indian tribe pursuant to this title may be considered to be non-Federal funds for the purpose of paragraph (1). (f) A
PPROVAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the recommended priority list of fish habitat conservation projects under subsection (b), subject to the limitations of subsection (d), and based, to the maximum extent practicable, on the cri-teria described in subsection (c), the Sec-retary, after consulting with the Secretary of Commerce on marine or estuarine projects, shall approve or reject any fish habitat conservation project recommended by the Board. (2) F
UNDING .—If the Secretary approves a fish habitat conservation project under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall use amounts made available to carry out this title to pro-vide funds to carry out the fish habitat con-servation project. (3) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary rejects any fish habitat conservation project rec-ommended by the Board under subsection (b), not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of the recommendation, the Sec-retary shall provide to the Board, the appro-priate Partnership, and the appropriate con-gressional committees a written statement of the reasons that the Secretary rejected the fish habitat conservation project. 
SEC. 707. TECHNICAL AND SCIENTIFIC ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director, the NOAA Assistant Administrator, the EPA Assistant Administrator, and the Director of the United States Geological Survey, in coordi-nation with the Forest Service and other ap-propriate Federal departments and agencies, may provide scientific and technical assist-ance to the Partnerships, participants in fish habitat conservation projects, and the Board. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—Scientific and technical assistance provided pursuant to subsection (a) may include— (1) providing technical and scientific as-sistance to States, Indian tribes, regions, local communities, and nongovernmental or-ganizations in the development and imple-mentation of Partnerships; (2) providing technical and scientific as-sistance to Partnerships for habitat assess-ment, strategic planning, and prioritization; (3) supporting the development and imple-mentation of fish habitat conservation projects that are identified as high priorities by Partnerships and the Board; (4) supporting and providing recommenda-tions regarding the development of science- based monitoring and assessment approaches for implementation through Partnerships; (5) supporting and providing recommenda-tions for a national fish habitat assessment; (6) ensuring the availability of experts to assist in conducting scientifically based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.039 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1012 February 24, 2016 
evaluation and reporting of the results of fish habitat conservation projects; and (7) providing resources to secure state agency scientific and technical assistance to support Partnerships, participants in fish habitat conservation projects, and the Board. 
SEC. 708. COORDINATION WITH STATES AND IN-DIAN TRIBES. 
The Secretary shall provide a notice to, and cooperate with, the appropriate State agency or tribal agency, as applicable, of each State and Indian tribe within the boundaries of which an activity is planned to be carried out pursuant to this title, includ-ing notification, by not later than 30 days before the date on which the activity is im-plemented. 
SEC. 709. INTERAGENCY OPERATIONAL PLAN. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, and every 5 years there-after, the Director, in cooperation with the NOAA Assistant Administrator, the EPA As-sistant Administrator, the Director of the United States Geological Survey, and the heads of other appropriate Federal depart-ments and agencies (including at a min-imum, those agencies represented on the Board) shall develop an interagency oper-ational plan that describes— (1) the functional, operational, technical, scientific, and general staff, administrative, and material needs for the implementation of this title; and (2) any interagency agreements between or among Federal departments and agencies to address those needs. 
SEC. 710. ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTING. 
(a) R EPORTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Board shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report describing the progress of this title. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an estimate of the number of acres, stream miles, or acre-feet, or other suitable measures of fish habitat, that was main-tained or improved by partnerships of Fed-eral, State, or local governments, Indian tribes, or other entities in the United States during the 5-year period ending on the date of submission of the report; (B) a description of the public access to fish habitats established or improved during that 5-year period; (C) a description of the improved opportu-nities for public recreational fishing; and (D) an assessment of the status of fish habitat conservation projects carried out with funds provided under this title during that period, disaggregated by year, includ-ing— (i) a description of the fish habitat con-servation projects recommended by the Board under section 706(b); (ii) a description of each fish habitat con-servation project approved by the Secretary under section 706(f), in order of priority for funding; (iii) a justification for— (I) the approval of each fish habitat con-servation project; and (II) the order of priority for funding of each fish habitat conservation project; (iv) a justification for any rejection of a fish habitat conservation project rec-ommended by the Board under section 706(b) that was based on a factor other than the criteria described in section 706(c); and (v) an accounting of expenditures by Fed-eral, State, or local governments, Indian tribes, or other entities to carry out fish habitat conservation projects. (b) S
TATUS AND TRENDS REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2016, and every 5 years thereafter, the Board shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that includes— (1) a status of all Partnerships approved under this title; (2) a description of the status of fish habi-tats in the United States as identified by es-tablished Partnerships; and (3) enhancements or reductions in public access as a result of— (A) the activities of the Partnerships; or (B) any other activities carried out pursu-ant to this title. (c) REVISIONS .—Not later than December 31, 2016, and every 5 years thereafter, the Board shall consider revising the goals of the Board, after consideration of each report re-quired by subsection (b). 
SEC. 711. EFFECT OF TITLE. 
(a) W ATER RIGHTS .—Nothing in this title— (1) establishes any express or implied re-served water right in the United States for any purpose; (2) affects any water right in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; (3) preempts or affects any State water law or interstate compact governing water; or (4) affects any Federal or State law in ex-istence on the date of enactment of the Act regarding water quality or water quantity. (b) A
UTHORITY TOACQUIRE WATER RIGHTS  
ORRIGHTS TO PROPERTY .—Under this title, only a State, local government, or other non-Federal entity may acquire, under State law, water rights or rights to property. (c) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this title— (1) affects the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of a State to manage, control, or regulate fish and wildlife under the laws and regulations of the State; or (2) authorizes the Secretary to control or regulate within a State the fishing or hunt-ing of fish and wildlife. (d) E
FFECT ON INDIAN TRIBES .—Nothing in this title abrogates, abridges, affects, modi-fies, supersedes, or alters any right of an In-dian tribe recognized by treaty or any other means, including— (1) an agreement between the Indian tribe and the United States; (2) Federal law (including regulations); (3) an Executive order; or (4) a judicial decree. (e) A
DJUDICATION OF WATER RIGHTS .—Noth- ing in this title diminishes or affects the ability of the Secretary to join an adjudica-tion of rights to the use of water pursuant to subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 208 of the Department of Justice Appropriation Act, 1953 (43 U.S.C. 666). (f) D
EPARTMENT OF COMMERCE AUTHOR -
ITY.—Nothing in this title affects the author-ity, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the De-partment of Commerce to manage, control, or regulate fish or fish habitats under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). (g) E
FFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITIES .— (1) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .—Noth- ing in this title permits the use of funds made available to carry out this title to ac-quire real property or a real property inter-est without the written consent of each owner of the real property or real property interest. (2) M
ITIGATION .—Nothing in this title per-mits the use of funds made available to carry out this title for fish and wildlife mitigation purposes under— (A) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); (B) the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.); (C) the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–662; 100 Stat. 4082); or (D) any other Federal law or court settle-ment. (3) CLEAN WATER ACT .—Nothing in this title affects any provision of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), including any definition in that Act. 
SEC. 712. NONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE ACT. 
The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to— (1) the Board; or (2) any Partnership. 
SEC. 713. FUNDING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) F
ISH HABITAT CONSERVATION PROJECTS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $7,200,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to provide funds for fish habitat conservation projects approved under section 706(f), of which 5 percent shall be made available for each fiscal year for projects carried out by Indian tribes. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE AND PLANNING EX -
PENSES .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Secretary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 an amount equal to 5 percent of the amount appropriated for the applicable fiscal year pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) for administrative and planning ex-penses; and (B) to carry out section 210. (3) T
ECHNICAL AND SCIENTIFIC ASSISTANCE .— There is authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out, and provide technical and scientific as-sistance under, section 707— (A) $500,000 to the Secretary for use by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; (B) $500,000 to the NOAA Assistant Admin-istrator for use by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) $500,000 to the EPA Assistant Adminis-trator for use by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency; and (D) $500,000 to the Secretary for use by the United States Geological Survey. (b) A
GREEMENTS AND GRANTS .—The Sec- retary may— (1) on the recommendation of the Board, and notwithstanding sections 6304 and 6305 of title 31, United States Code, and the Federal Financial Assistance Management Improve-ment Act of 1999 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note; Public Law 106–107), enter into a grant agreement, cooperative agreement, or contract with a Partnership or other entity for a fish habitat conservation project or restoration or en-hancement project; (2) apply for, accept, and use a grant from any individual or entity to carry out the purposes of this title; and (3) make funds available to any Federal de-partment or agency for use by that depart-ment or agency to provide grants for any fish habitat protection project, restoration project, or enhancement project that the Secretary determines to be consistent with this title. (c) D
ONATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may— (A) enter into an agreement with any orga-nization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code to solicit private donations to carry out the purposes of this title; and (B) accept donations of funds, property, and services to carry out the purposes of this title. (2) T
REATMENT .—A donation accepted under this section— (A) shall be considered to be a gift or be-quest to, or otherwise for the use of, the United States; and (B) may be— (i) used directly by the Secretary; or (ii) provided to another Federal depart-ment or agency through an interagency agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.039 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1013 February 24, 2016 
SA 3322. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. A
LEXANDER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5lll. U.S. CIVIL RIGHTS NETWORK PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subdivision 1 of Division B of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 3083 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 3084—U.S. CIVIL RIGHTS NETWORK ‘‘§ 308401. Definition of Network ‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘Network’ means the U.S. Civil Rights Network estab-lished under section 308402(a). ‘‘§ 308402. U.S. Civil Rights Network ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish, within the Service, a program to be known as the ‘U.S. Civil Rights Network’. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES OF SECRETARY .—In carrying out the Network, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) review studies and reports to com-plement and not duplicate studies of the his-torical importance of the African American civil rights movement that may be underway or completed, such as the Civil Rights Framework Study; ‘‘(2) produce and disseminate appropriate educational materials relating to the Afri-can American civil rights movement, such as handbooks, maps, interpretive guides, or electronic information; ‘‘(3) enter into appropriate cooperative agreements and memoranda of under-standing to provide technical assistance under subsection (c); and ‘‘(4)(A) create and adopt an official, uni-form symbol or device for the Network; and ‘‘(B) issue regulations for the use of the symbol or device adopted under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(c) E
LEMENTS .—The Network shall encom-pass the following elements: ‘‘(1) All units and programs of the Service that are determined by the Secretary to re-late to the African American civil rights movement during the period from 1939 through 1968. ‘‘(2) Other Federal, State, local, and pri-vately owned properties that— ‘‘(A) relate to the African American civil rights movement; ‘‘(B) have a verifiable connection to the Af-rican American civil rights movement; and ‘‘(C) are included in, or determined by the Secretary to be eligible for inclusion in, the National Register of Historic Places. ‘‘(3) Other governmental and nongovern-mental facilities and programs of an edu-cational, research, or interpretive nature that are directly related to the African American civil rights movement. ‘‘§ 308403. Cooperative agreements and memo-randa of understanding ‘‘To achieve the purposes of this chapter and to ensure effective coordination of the Federal and non-Federal elements of the Network described in section 308402(c) with System units and programs of the Service, the Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements and memoranda of under-standing with, and provide technical assist-ance to the heads of other Federal agencies, States, units of local government, regional governmental bodies, and private entities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters for title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 3083 the following: ‘‘3084. U.S. Civil Rights Network.’’. SA 3323. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. R EED, Mr. B
URR, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 4470, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act with respect to the require-ments related to lead in drinking water, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the following: TITLE lll—PREVENTION OF AND PROTECTION FROM LEAD EXPOSURE 
SEC. ll01. DRINKING WATER INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible State’’ means a State for which the Presi-dent has declared an emergency under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) relating to the public health threats associ-ated with the presence of lead or other con-taminants in a public drinking water supply system. (3) E
LIGIBLE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘eligible system’’ means a public drinking water sup-ply system that is the subject of an emer-gency declaration referred to in paragraph (2). (b) S
TATE REVOLVING LOAN FUND ASSIST -
ANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible system shall be— (A) considered to be a disadvantaged com-munity under section 1452(d) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)); and (B) eligible to receive loans with additional subsidization under that Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), including forgiveness of principal under section 1452(d)(1) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)(1)). (2) A
UTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Using funds provided under subsection (e)(1)(A), an eligible State may provide assistance to an eligible system within the eligible State, for the purpose of addressing lead or other contaminants in drinking water, including repair and replace-ment of public and private drinking water infrastructure. (B) I
NCLUSION .—Assistance provided under subparagraph (A) may include additional subsidization under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), as described in paragraph (1)(B). (C) E
XCLUSION .—Assistance provided under subparagraph (A) shall not include assist-ance for a project that is financed (directly or indirectly), in whole or in part, with pro-ceeds of any obligation issued after the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the interest of which is exempt from the tax imposed under chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or (ii) with respect to which credit is allow-able under subpart I or J of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code. (3) L
IMITATION .—Section 1452(d)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(d)(2)) shall not apply to— (A) any funds provided under subsection (e)(1)(A); or (B) any other loan provided to an eligible system. (c) W
ATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCING .— (1) SECURED LOANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Using funds provided under subsection (e)(2)(A), the Administrator may make a secured loan under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) to— (i) an eligible State to carry out a project eligible under paragraphs (2) through (9) of section 5026 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3905) to ad-dress lead or other contaminants in drinking water in an eligible system, including repair and replacement of public and private drink-ing water infrastructure; and (ii) any eligible entity under section 5025 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3904) for a project eligible under paragraphs (2) through (9) of section 5026 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 3905). (B) A
MOUNT .—Notwithstanding section 5029(b)(2) of the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)(2)), the amount of a secured loan pro-vided under subparagraph (A)(i) may be equal to not more than 80 percent of the rea-sonably anticipated costs of the projects. (2) F
EDERAL INVOLVEMENT .—Notwith- standing section 5029(b)(9) of the Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)(9)), any costs for a project to address lead or other contaminants in drinking water in an eligible system that are not covered by a secured loan under para-graph (1) may be covered using amounts in the State revolving loan fund under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). (d) N
ONDUPLICATION OF WORK.—An activity carried out pursuant to this section shall not duplicate the work or activity of any other Federal or State department or agency. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) A
DDITIONAL DRINKING WATER STATE RE -
VOLVING FUND CAPITALIZATION GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall make available to the Admin-istrator a total of $100,000,000 to provide ad-ditional grants to eligible States pursuant to section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12), to be available during the period of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the purposes described in subsection (b)(2). (B) S
UPPLEMENTED INTENDED USE PLANS .— From funds made available under subpara-graph (A), the Administrator shall obligate to an eligible State such amounts as are nec-essary to meet the needs identified in a sup-plemented intended use plan by not later than 30 days after the date on which the eli-gible State submits to the Administrator a supplemented intended use plan under sec-tion 1452(b) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)) that includes preapplication information regarding projects to be funded using the additional as-sistance, including, with respect to each such project— (i) a description of the project; (ii) an explanation of the means by which the project will address a situation causing a declared emergency in the eligible State; (iii) the estimated cost of the project; and (iv) the projected start date for construc-tion of the project. (C) U
NOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—Any amounts made available to the Administrator under subparagraph (A) that are unobligated on the date that is 18 months after the date on which the amounts are made available shall be available to provide additional grants to States to capitalize State loan funds as pro-vided under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). (D) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 1452(b)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(b)(1)) shall not apply to a supplement to an intended use plan under subparagraph (B). (2) WIFIA 
FUNDING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.040 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1014 February 24, 2016 
Secretary of the Treasury shall make avail-able to the Administrator $70,000,000 to pro-vide credit subsidies, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, for secured loans under sub-section (c)(1)(A) with a goal of providing se-cured loans totaling at least $700,000,000. (B) U
SE.—Secured loans provided pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be available to carry out activities described in subsection (c)(1)(A). (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—Unless explicitly waived, all requirements under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) and the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) shall apply to funding provided under this subsection. (f) H
EALTH EFFECTS EVALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Pursuant to section 104(i)(1)(E) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(1)(E)), and on re-ceipt of a request of an appropriate State or local health official of an eligible State, the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry of the National Center for Environmental Health shall in coordina-tion with other agencies, as appropriate, conduct voluntary surveillance activities to evaluate any adverse health effects on indi-viduals exposed to lead from drinking water in the affected communities. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—Pursuant to section 104(i)(4) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(4)), and on receipt of a request of an appropriate State or local health official of an eligible State, the Direc-tor of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry of the National Center for Environmental Health shall provide con-sultations regarding health issues described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. ll02. LOAN FORGIVENESS. 
The matter under the heading ‘‘S TATE AND  T
RIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS ’’ under the head-ing ‘‘ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY’’ in title II of division G of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), is amended in paragraph (1), by striking the semicolon at the end and insert-ing the following: ‘‘or, if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply, before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants to provide additional subsidy to eligible re-cipients;’’. 
SEC. ll03. DISCLOSURE OF PUBLIC HEALTH THREATS FROM LEAD EXPOSURE. 
(a) E XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Section 1414(c) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Notice of any exceedance of a lead ac-tion level or any other prescribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412, including the concentrations of lead found in a monitoring activity or any other level of lead determined by the Adminis-trator to warrant notice, either on a case- specific or more general basis.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) E
XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Regulations issued under subparagraph (A) shall specify notification procedures for an exceedance of a lead action level or any other prescribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412.’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) NOTIFICATION OF THE PUBLIC RELATING  
TO LEAD .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEEDANCE OF LEAD ACTION LEVEL .— Not later than 15 days after the date of being notified by the primary agency of an exceed-ance of a lead action level or any other pre-scribed level of lead in a regulation issued under section 1412, including the concentra-tions of lead found in a monitoring activity or any other level of lead determined by the Administrator to warrant notice, either on a case-specific or more general basis, the Ad-ministrator shall notify the public of the concentrations of lead found in the moni-toring activity conducted by the public water system if the public water system or the State does not notify the public of the concentrations of lead found in a monitoring activity. ‘‘(B) R
ESULTS OF LEAD MONITORING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may provide notice of any result of lead moni-toring conducted by a public water system to— ‘‘(I) any person that is served by the public water system; or ‘‘(II) the local or State health department of a locality or State in which the public water system is located. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM OF NOTICE .—The Administrator may provide the notice described in clause (i) by— ‘‘(I) press release; or ‘‘(II) other form of communication, includ-ing local media. ‘‘(C) P
RIVACY .—Notice to the public shall protect the privacy of individual customer information.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1414 (c) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(F)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (E)’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)(B), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(E)’’. 
SEC. ll04. REGISTRY FOR LEAD EXPOSURE AND ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means a city exposed to lead contamination in the local drinking water system. (2) C
OMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Committee’’ means the Advisory Committee established under subsection (c). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (b) L
EAD EXPOSURE REGISTRY .—The Sec- retary shall establish within the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry or another relevant agency at the discretion of the Secretary, or establish through a grant award or contract, a lead exposure registry to collect data on the lead exposure of resi-dents of a City on a voluntary basis. (c) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an Advisory Committee in coordina-tion with the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention and other rel-evant agencies as determined by the Sec-retary consisting of Federal members and non-Federal members, and which shall in-clude— (i) an epidemiologist; (ii) a toxicologist; (iii) a mental health professional; (iv) a pediatrician; (v) an early childhood education expert; (vi) a special education expert; (vii) a dietician; and (viii) an environmental health expert. (B) REQUIREMENTS .—Membership in the Committee shall not exceed 15 members and not less than 
1⁄2of the members shall be Fed-eral members. (2) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall designate a chair from among the Federal members ap-pointed to the Committee. (3) T
ERMS .—Members of the Committee shall serve for a term of not more than 3 years and the Secretary may reappoint mem-bers for consecutive terms. (4) A
PPLICATION OF FACA .—The Committee shall be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (5) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Committee shall, at a minimum— (A) review the Federal programs and serv-ices available to individuals and commu-nities exposed to lead; (B) review current research on lead poi-soning to identify additional research needs; (C) review and identify best practices, or the need for best practices, regarding lead screening and the prevention of lead poi-soning; (D) identify effective services, including services relating to healthcare, education, and nutrition for individuals and commu-nities affected by lead exposure and lead poi-soning, including in consultation with, as ap-propriate, the lead exposure registry as es-tablished in subsection (b); and (E) undertake any other review or activi-ties that the Secretary determines to be ap-propriate. (6) R
EPORT .—Annually for 5 years and thereafter as determined necessary by the Secretary or as required by Congress, the Committee shall submit to the Secretary, the Committees on Finance, Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions, and Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate and the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, and Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (A) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Federal programs and services available to individuals and communities exposed to lead; (B) an evaluation of additional lead poi-soning research needs; (C) an assessment of any effective screen-ing methods or best practices used or devel-oped to prevent or screen for lead poisoning; (D) input and recommendations for im-proved access to effective services relating to healthcare, education, or nutrition for in-dividuals and communities impacted by lead exposure; and (E) any other recommendations for com-munities affected by lead exposure, as appro-priate. (d) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2020— (A) $17,500,000 to carry out subsection (b); and (B) $2,500,000 to carry out subsection (c). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Sec- retary shall be entitled to receive, shall ac-cept, and shall use to carry out subsections (b) and (c) the funds transferred under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), re-spectively, without further appropriation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.041 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1015 February 24, 2016 
SEC. ll05. ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD HEALTH PROGRAMS. 
(a) C HILDHOOD LEADPOISONING PREVENTION  P
ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, to be available during the period of fis-cal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 for the childhood lead poisoning prevention program authorized under section 317A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b-1). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention shall be entitled to receive, shall ac-cept, and shall use to carry out the child-hood lead poisoning prevention program au-thorized under section 317A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b-1) the funds transferred under paragraph (1), with-out further appropriation. (b) H
EALTHY HOMES PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 to carry out the Healthy Homes Initiative of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Sec- retary of Housing and Urban Development shall be entitled to receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out the Healthy Homes Initiative of the Department of Housing and Urban Development the funds transferred under paragraph (1), without further appro-priation. (c) H
EALTHY START PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Adminis-trator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to be available during the period of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, $10,000,000 to carry out the Healthy Start Initiative under section 330H of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 254c-8). (2) R
ECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE .—The Admin-istrator of the Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration shall be entitled to re-ceive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out the Healthy Start Initiative under section 330H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c-8) the funds transferred under paragraph (1), without further appropriation. 
SEC. ll06. REVIEW AND REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations, Environment and Public Works, and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations, Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report on the status of any ongoing investigations into the Federal and State response to the contamination of the drinking water supply of the City of Flint, Michigan. (b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of the investigations de-scribed in subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a review of issues that are not addressed by the investigations and relating to— (1) the adequacy of the response by the State of Michigan and the City of Flint to the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, including the timeliness and transparency of the response, as well as the capacity of the State and City to manage the drinking water system; and (2) the adequacy of the response by Region 5 of the Environmental Protection Agency to the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, including the timeliness and transparency of the response. (c) CONTENTS OF REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after commencing each review under subsection (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a statement of the principal findings of the review; and (2) recommendations for Congress and the President to take any actions to prevent a similar situation in the future and to protect public health. 
SEC. ll07. OFFSET. 
None of the funds available to the Sec-retary of Energy to provide any credit sub-sidy under subsection (d) of section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013) as of the date of enact-ment of this Act shall be obligated for new loan commitments under that subsection on or after October 1, 2020. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Renewable Fuel Standard.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ending Modern Slavery: Now is the Time.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Zika Virus: Addressing the Growing Public Health Threat.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–562 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Opioid Use Among Seniors: Issues and Emerging Trends.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 24, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act: Opportunities for Improvement to Support State and Local Governments.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the privileges of the floor be granted to Manisha Gupta, a fellow on my staff for the re-mainder of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Bayley Sandy, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—S. RES. 374 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 1:45 p.m. tomorrow, Thursday, February 25, the Senate proceed to consideration of S. Res. 374, which is at the desk, and I ask that it be held, and that the Senate then vote on the resolution, and that if the resolution is agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR PRINTING OF TRIBUTES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators be permitted to submit tributes to Jus-tice Scalia for the R
ECORD until March 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE6.041 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1016 February 24, 2016 
10, 2016, and that all tributes be printed as a Senate document. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, Feb-ruary 25; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:22 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, February 25, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS  
CARLA D. HAYDEN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS FOR A TERM OF TEN YEARS, VICE JAMES H. BILLINGTON. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL K. NAGATA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE CHIEF OF ENGINEERS/COMMANDING GENERAL, UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS, AND AP-POINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 3036: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. TODD T. SEMONITE 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(D): 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MEREDITH L. AUSTIN REAR ADM. (LH) PETER W. GAUTIER REAR ADM. (LH) MICHAEL J. HAYCOCK REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES M. HEINZ REAR ADM. (LH) KEVIN E. LUNDAY REAR ADM. (LH) TODD A. SOKALZUK REAR ADM. (LH) PAUL F. THOMAS 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate February 24, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ROBERT MCKINNON CALIFF, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE COMMISSIONER OF FOOD AND DRUGS, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G24FE6.044 S24FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE203 February 24, 2016 
HONORING JUSTICE MARSHA SLOUGH 
HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Justice Marsha Slough, who earlier this week was sworn in to serve on the Fourth District Court of Appeal. Prior to this landmark achievement, Justice Slough served as Pre-siding Judge and Court of Appeal Justice Ap-pointee of the San Bernardino County Supe-rior Court. I speak with the utmost confidence that Justice Slough will continue to serve the people of the Inland Empire proudly in her un-wavering commitment to carrying out justice in our community. A graduate of Ottawa University and Whit-tier Law School, and a seasoned attorney in the Inland Empire, Justice Slough has devoted her life and career to our community and resi-dents for decades. Justice Slough is a resi-dent of Redlands and has honorably served the people of San Bernardino County on the County Superior Court since 2003 when she was appointed by Governor Gray Davis before becoming Presiding Judge of the San Bernardino County Superior Court in 2012. As a fellow public servant and as her rep-resentative in Congress, I commend Justice Slough on her latest achievement and am grateful to see someone of her integrity and leadership attain such a prestigious position in our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAJOR MICHAEL F. COPELAND OF THE FRANKLIN COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE FOR 49 YEARS OF DEDICATED SERV-ICE 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Major Michael F. Copeland. He is retiring from the Franklin County Sheriff’s Office after 49 years of dedicated service. Major Copeland began his service in the Franklin County Sheriff’s Office during his high school years. He graduated from Union High School in 1969 and continued dispatching through his college years. Major Copeland graduated from Meramec Community College with an Associate of Arts Degree in Criminal Justice in 1971. Major Copeland was the first civilian dispatcher in Franklin County. In 1997, he was a National Academy graduate from the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The leadership and commitment Major Copeland has shown throughout the years is evident by the positions he has held. From 1971 to present, he has served as Deputy Sheriff (Detective Sgt.—1975, Captain—1981, and Major/Chief Deputy—1989). In 1975, Major Copeland, was the first K–9 handler, his partner was ‘‘Smokey’’, for the Franklin County Sheriff’s Office. Major Copeland is a member of the St. Louis Major Case Investigations Squad and was the Lead Investigator starting in 1975 to 1983. He also served as a Death Investigator with the St. Louis County Medical Examiner’s Office from 1993 to 2015. Major Copeland led the Missouri Deputy Sheriff’s Association as its President starting in 2000 until 2002. Start-ing in 1975, he was the Coordinator for the Franklin County Law Enforcement Training Center and completed that position in 1983. During the years 1988 thru 1999, Major Copeland was the leader of the Franklin County ‘‘Emergency Response Team ″. In ad- dition to the numerous positions he has held— since 1971, Major Copeland has worked on every major case and homicide case in Frank-lin County. With this retirement, Major Michael F. Copeland can now spend more time with his family which includes: his wife Laura, son Jon, and his daughter Tamara. I ask you to join me in recognizing Major Mi-chael F. Copeland on his retirement of 49 years of service to his community. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE AMER-ICAN SOCIETY OF HEATING, RE-FRIGERATING, AND AIR-CONDI-TIONING AND NATIONAL ENGI-NEERS WEEK 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Anthracite Chapter of the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating, and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE) as they celebrate National Engineers Week. ASHRAE was originally formed in 1894 as the American Society of Heating and Ventilating Engineers. With more than 50,000 members spanning the globe, ASHRAE aims to advance the arts and sciences of heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration to serve hu-manity and promote a sustainable world. Established in 1951, National Engineers Week is dedicated to ensuring a diverse and well-educated future engineering workforce by promoting careers in engineering and tech-nology. National Engineers Week represents a formal coalition of more than 70 engineering, education, and cultural societies, with over 50 corporations and government agencies dedi-cated to raising public awareness on the effect engineering plays in our daily life. National En-gineers Week honors the parents, teachers, and mentors who instill the importance of a math, science, and technological literacy in students and motivate them to pursue careers in engineering. Modern engineering has solved many of the major challenges we face in the modern world. From designing efficient building systems to rebuilding towns devastated by natural disas-ters, the efforts of our engineers contribute to our nation’s well-being and quality of life. It is a great privilege to recognize these honorable men and women, who are committed to using their scientific skills and specialized knowledge to create and innovate in order to fulfill soci-ety’s growing needs. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,053,381,143,534.21. We’ve added $8,426,504,094,621.13 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SHERIFF GARY F. TOELKE OF THE FRANKLIN COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE FOR 41 YEARS OF DEDICATED SERV-ICE 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Sheriff Gary F. Toelke. He is retiring from the Franklin County Sheriff’s Office after 41 years of dedi-cated service. In addition to his 41 years of service in law enforcement, Sheriff Toelke is also the longest serving sheriff in Franklin County history. He has served seven terms spanning 28 years. In 1969, Sheriff Toelke graduated from Union High School. A few years later, in 1991, he graduated from the Federal Bureau of Investigation National Acad-emy. Sheriff Toelke has worked in numerous leadership positions. He is the Past President of the Missouri Sheriff’s Association and re-ceived the Sheriff of the Year award from the Missouri Deputy Sheriff’s Association. Cur-rently, he is a board member with the Major Case Squad of Greater St. Louis. During the years of 1970–1976, he served in the Missouri National Guard with the Military Police. In March 1975 until March 1977, Sheriff Toelke was the Deputy Sheriff in the Franklin County Sheriff’s Office. Then starting in 1988 to present, Sheriff Toelke has been the Sheriff of Franklin County, Missouri. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.001 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE204 February 24, 2016 
Most notably, during his time serving the people of Franklin County, Sheriff Toelke led the case when Abigale Woods ‘‘Baby Abby’’ was abducted. This case had national atten-tion and ultimately ended with a successful re-covery of Abigale Woods. Sheriff Toelke also successfully led the recovery of Ben Owenby ‘‘Missouri Miracle’’ which then led to the recov-ery of Shawn Hornbeck. These cases were emotional situations and Sheriff Toelke han-dled the situations with compassion and ex-pertise which the families of the children will be forever grateful. With this retirement, Sheriff Toelke can now spend more time with his family which in-cludes: his wife Sandy, daughters Carrie and Holly. I ask you to join me in recognizing Sheriff Toelke on his retirement after 41 years of commitment to his community. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM OF GEORGE RAY WEST 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of my constituent Ray West, who passed away last week at the age of 89. Ray was a U.S. Navy veteran who served during World War II. He went on to have a successful career in the film industry, earning an Academy Award and GRAMMY for his work as a sound engi-neer. Ray and his wife Jean were married in 1950. The two honeymooned in Yosemite National Park, and celebrated each anniversary by re-turning there. When Ray became ill, the Dream Founda-tion—a wish granting organization for termi-nally ill adults based in Santa Barbara, Cali-fornia—stepped in to ensure that Ray and Jean would be able to visit Yosemite for their 65th wedding anniversary. I had the privilege of meeting Ray and his son David when they traveled to Washington, DC last September for the launch of the Dream Foundation’s ‘‘Dreams for Veterans’’ program. I was honored to be able to recognize him for his outstanding military service and his ex-traordinary life. My thoughts are with Ray’s family—I pray they find comfort as they celebrate the life of this remarkable man. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DREXEL HILL MIDDLE SCHOOL 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Drexel Hill Middle School on the awards earned by its seventh and eighth grade engineering team in the 2016 Future Cities regional contest this week. The Future City competition engages stu-dents and teaches math, science and engi-neering concepts by challenging them with issues engineers and city planners face every day: urban management, planning and envi-ronmental sustainability issues to name just a few. The theme for this year’s contest was ‘‘Waste Not, Want Not’’ and forced students to tackle complex waste management issues. Drexel Hill Middle School’s team was se-lected by its peers for the People’s Choice Award, which is given to the best model city. It was also recognized with the Best Residen-tial Zone award for the placement of resi-dences in a way that would improve the qual-ity of life for families. Mr. Speaker, education in science, tech-nology, engineering and math (STEM) fields are crucial if our students are to be able to compete in the modern global economy. The Future City competition is an innovative way for students to learn these skills and their real world applications. I congratulate Drexel Hill Middle School’s students for their awards. f 
HONORING THE 2016 ACADEMY NOMINEES OF THE 11TH CON-GRESSIONAL DISTRICT NEW JER-SEY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, every year, more high school seniors from the 11th Congressional District trade in varsity jackets for navy pea coats, Air Force flight suits, and Army brass buckles than most other districts in the country. But this is nothing new—our area has repeatedly sent an above average portion of its sons and daughters to the na-tion’s military academies for decades. This fact should not come as a surprise. The educational excellence of area schools is well known and has long been a magnet for families looking for the best environment in which to raise their children. Our graduates are skilled not only in mathematics, science, and social studies, but also have solid back-grounds in sports, debate teams, and other extracurricular activities. This diverse upbring-ing makes military academy recruiters sit up and take note—indeed, many recruiters know our towns and schools by name. Since the 1830s, Members of Congress have enjoyed meeting, talking with, and nomi-nating superb young people to our military academies. But how did this process evolve? In 1843, when West Point was the sole acad-emy, Congress ratified the nominating process and became directly involved in the makeup of our military’s leadership. This was not an act of an imperial Congress bent on controlling every aspect of Government. Rather, the pro-cedure still used today was, and is, a further check and balance in our democracy. It was originally designed to weaken and divide polit-ical coloration in the officer corps, provide geographical balance to our armed services, and to make the officer corps more resilient to unfettered nepotism and handicapped Euro-pean armies. In 1854, Representative Gerritt Smith of New York added a new component to the academy nomination process—the academy review board. This was the first time a Mem-ber of Congress appointed prominent citizens from his district to screen applicants and as-sist with the serious duty of nominating can-didates for academy admission. Today, I am honored to continue this wise tradition in my service to the 11th Congressional District. My Academy Review Board is composed of seven local citizens who have shown exem-plary service to New Jersey, to their commu-nities, and to the continued excellence of edu-cation in our area—many are veterans. Though from diverse backgrounds and profes-sions, they all share a common dedication that the best qualified and motivated graduates at-tend our academies. And, as true for most vol-unteer panels, their service goes largely unno-ticed. I would like to take a moment to recognize these men and women and thank them pub-licly for participating in this important panel. Being on the board requires hard work and an objective mind. Members have the responsi-bility of interviewing upwards of 50 outstanding high school seniors every year in the academy review process. The nomination process follows a general timetable. High school seniors mail personal information directly to the Military Academy, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, and the Merchant Marine Academy once they become interested in attending. Information in-cludes academic achievement, college entry test scores, and other activities. At this time, they also inform my office of their desire to be nominated. The academies then assess the applicants, rank them based on the data supplied, and re-turn the files to my office with their notations. In late November, our Academy Review Board interviews all of the applicants over the course of 2 days. They assess a student’s qualifica-tions and analyze character, desire to serve, and other talents that may be hidden on paper. This year the board interviewed over 40 ap-plicants. The Board’s recommendations were then forwarded to the academies, where re-cruiters reviewed files and notified applicants and my office of their final decision on admis-sion. As these highly motivated and talented young men and women go through the acad-emy nominating process, never let us forget the sacrifice they are preparing to make: to defend our country and protect our citizens. This holds especially true at a time when our nation is fighting the war against terrorism. Whether it is in the Middle East, Africa or other troubled spots around the world, no doubt we are constantly reminded that wars are fought by the young. And, while our mili-tary missions are both important and dan-gerous, it is reassuring to know that we con-tinue to put America’s best and brightest in command. 
ACADEMY NOMINEES FOR 2016 11 THDISTRICT  C
ONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT  
AIR FORCE ACADEMY  John Dennehy, Rockaway, Morris Hills HS; Jason Kaynak, Pompton Plains, Pequannock HS; Pranay Malla, Chatham, Chatham HS; Michael Matarazzo, Cedar Grove, Cedar Grove HS; Garrett O’Shea, Butler, Morris Knolls HS; Jacob Scheidman, Wayne, Wayne Valley HS; Joshua Vinoya, West Orange, West Orange HS. 
MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY  Bryan Deterle, Nutley, Nutley HS; Ryan Griffin, Kinnelon, Kinnelon HS; Tanner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.003 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE205 February 24, 2016 
Grevesan, Boonton, Montville HS; Isaiah Rodriguez, Fairfield, West Essex HS; Megan Rudio, Byram, Lenape Valley HS; Chris-topher Schlegel, Mendham, West Morris Mendham HS. 
NAVAL ACADEMY  Michael Corbett, Florham Park, Hanover Park HS; Matthew Critchley, Morristown, Morristown HS; Sofia Farrell, Nutley, Nut-ley HS; Matthew Gallo, Whippany, Whippany Park HS; Kristine Gurcan, Whippany, Whippany Park HS; Marisa Lakin, Verona, Verona HS; Adam Magistro, Morristown, Newark Academy; Courtney McKenna, Spar-ta, Sparta HS; Robert White, Pompton Plains, Pequannock HS; Alexander Wang, Parsippany, Parsippany HS. 
MILITARY ACADEMY  Taylor Carmichael, Pompton Plains, Pequannock HS; William Gault, Verona, Verona HS; Mitchell Haddad, Fairfield, East-ern Christian School; Christopher Morgan, West Orange, West Orange HS; Christopher Papa, Chatham, Chatham HS; Ivan Peters, Boonton, Mountain Lakes HS, US Army; John Rogacki, North Caldwell, Seton Hall Prep; Justice Rooney, West Orange, West Or-ange HS; Sean Schoch, Sparta, Sparta HS; Alexander Zevits, Montville, Montville HS. 
NAVAL ACADEMY PREPARATORY SCHOOL  Dean C. Caravela, West Caldwell; James Caldwell High School f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. SIMON PHILLIP ‘‘PHIL’’ LEVETAN 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, our lives have been touched by the leadership and service of Mr. Simon Phillip ‘‘Phil’’ Levetan; and Whereas, Mr. Simon Phillip ‘‘Phil’’ Levetan served our nation with honor and valor in the United States Army Air Corps Division during World War II. He was responsible for main-taining the electrical and mechanical systems of B29 airplanes, which served as powerful tools for the Allies, aiding in the destruction of the Axis powers; and Whereas, Mr. Levetan served and led our district in DeKalb County, as a steadfast pillar of our community, a business owner and oper-ator of his family’s scrap metal business, Dixie Iron and Metal Company. He was a commu-nity leader and First Gentleman of DeKalb County as he served the citizens by partnering with his wife former C.E.O. of DeKalb County and State Senator Liane Levetan. He was the wind beneath her wings for sixty one (61) years in marriage; and Whereas, Mr. Levetan was a lifetime mem-ber of Ahavath Achim Synagogue and a mem-ber of Congregation Beth Jacob. He also planned weekly Lunch and Learn sessions for Chabad with Rabbi Yossi New for more than two decades. In addition, he was a member of the Jewish War Veterans and a member of the Elks 78 organizations; and Whereas, he never asked for fame or for-tune, nor found a job too small or too big; he gave of himself, his time, his talent and his life to uplift those in need by demonstrating un-wavering commitment to protecting and serv-ing the citizens of the United States of Amer-ica; and Whereas, he was a husband, a father, a brother and a friend; he was also a man of great integrity who remained true to the uplift-ing and service of my district; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia recognizes Mr. Simon Philip ‘‘Phil’’ Levetan as a citizen of great worth and so noted distinction; now therefore, I, HENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby attest to the 114th Congress that Mr. Simon Phillip ‘‘Phil’’ Levetan is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’ by declaring Mr. Simon Phillip ‘‘Phil’’ Levetan U.S. Citizen of Distinction in the 4th Congres-sional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 4th day of January, 2016. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HOMES FOR HEROES 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Homes for Heroes, the Mission First Housing Group’s Fund for Veterans’ fund-raising event for housing for homeless vet-erans. Homelessness among veterans is a tragic problem nationwide, and many veterans strug-gle with addiction and other issues that make keeping their own homes difficult. The federal government estimates that nearly 50,000 vet-erans are homeless on any given night, and another 1.4 million are at risk of homeless-ness. Seventy percent of homeless veterans face substance abuse issues. And it’s a problem that seems to be getting worse: Pennsylvania’s homeless population in-creased by 46 percent from 2009 to 2013. The service of our veterans should never be forgotten, and organizations like Mission First do much to ensure that those individuals and their families who have sacrificed so much for our country have a safe place to call home. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Mission First on its work to honor our nation’s veterans. Work-ing with groups like Mission First, we can help get veterans off the streets and into safe homes. We owe it to the many veterans who served and sacrificed. 
f 
HONORING BUFFALO MANUFAC-TURING WORKS FOR RECEIVING THE INNOVATION AWARD FROM THE AMHERST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Buffalo Manufacturing Works as the Amherst Chamber of Commerce presents the organization with the Innovation Award. Their cooperative and supportive mission plays an important role in bolstering Western New York’s manufacturing community. Buffalo Manufacturing Works is a collabo-rative organization that exists to serve the needs of the Buffalo Niagara manufacturing community. Previously known as the Buffalo Niagara Institute for Advanced Manufacturing Competitiveness, it was established with $45 million from the Buffalo Billion Investment Plan. Working with their operational partner EWI, Buffalo Manufacturing Works has met with over 150 local manufacturers and business of-ficials to gather input and develop a shared vi-sion. A critical piece of their model is the Buf-falo Manufacturing Works Founders Council, a dedicated group of local manufacturing com-panies that represent the industry and focus on fostering long-term sustainability. Buffalo Manufacturing Works enables local manufacturers and businesses to grow and develop through a strong network of support from industry, research, and academic part-ners. Their partners include the University at Buffalo for fundamental research, Insyte Con-sulting for process excellence, EWI applied re-search and development, and the World Trade Center Buffalo Niagara for market expansion. In addition, Buffalo Manufacturing Works provides insight into workforce development practices to companies. To help companies manufacture products in the most efficient way possible, the organization also develops its own new technologies. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to recognize Buffalo Manufac-turing Works as they receive the Innovation Award from the Amherst Chamber of Com-merce. I wish the organization continued suc-cess and commend their commitment to build-ing a strong present and future for Western New York’s economy. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 84, I was absent on account of attending a fu-neral. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
HONORING THE NICHOLAS COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL CHEERLEADERS 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special group of young people. The Nich-olas County High School Cheerleaders, coached by Jessica Letcher Hamilton, recently won the Universal Cheerleaders Association’s National High School Cheerleading Competi-tion. This event is very competitive and involves young women from across the nation. Like any successful endeavor, the victory was won by dedication, hours of practice, determination, and teamwork. The young women worked very hard for this accomplishment and they learned lessons that will benefit them as they become adults. Nicholas County High School is a small but proud high school in Carlisle, Kentucky. The community was very supportive of this group 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.003 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE206 February 24, 2016 
of young women. The girls represented them-selves and their county very well at the na-tional competition in Orlando, Florida. I con-gratulate the students and their coaches on the national championship and I am proud to honor them before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING BRIAN HAYDEN UPON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIRE-MENT FROM THE CITY OF BUF-FALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Brian Hayden as he retires from the City of Buffalo. Brian’s career with the City spanned over forty years. Brian was born on February 8th, 1954 at Our Lady of Victory Hospital in Lackawanna, New York to his beloved parents John & Doro-thy (Norton) Hayden. He has two siblings, Dennis and Susan. Growing up, Brian graduated from Holy Family Grammar School in 1968, one of sev-eral Catholic schools in the close-knit commu-nity of South Buffalo. He went on to attend Fa-ther Baker High School, becoming Senior Class President for the class of 1972. Brian attended Brockport College. Brian first worked as a pool attendant at the Boone Street Playground during the summer of 1973, transitioning into a rink guard at Cazenovia Ice Rink. The next year, he started as a Laborer with the Carpenters for the Buf-falo Board of Education. In 1979 he became co-owner of the Ounce and a Half, a favorite neighborhood gathering spot on Abbott Road in South Buffalo. In 1983 Brian became a Building Inspector for the City of Buffalo. As an inspector, he en-sured structures were safe and compliant with local, state, and federal regulations. Working his way up through the ranks, in 1990 he moved to the role of Director of Building Safe-ty & Health for the Buffalo Board of Education. In 1993 he began his service as the Director of Building Inspections for one year, con-tinuing to serve as a Building Inspector after-wards. A family man, Brian is married to Jean Ann Kalec, with whom he has 2 sons, Matthew and John. He is also known for his community in-volvement, and volunteers for many races, or-ganizations, and groups. He is a founding member of the Connors, Kait, Harrity Memorial Race, which went on for twenty-five years. Brian won the prestigious Irishman of the Year award in 1995 and the St. Thomas Aquinas Parishioner of the Year in 1996. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to honor Brian Hayden upon the occasion of his well-deserved retirement. His service to the City of Buffalo and our commu-nity are worthy of recognition. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors and a ful-filling, relaxing retirement. U.S. LNG EXPORTS TO THE BLACK SEA HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of U.S. Liquefied Nat-ural Gas (LNG) exports. U.S. LNG is of vital importance to our friends around the world, specifically those in the Black Sea. Currently, our European allies are stuck in a struggle for energy independence from Rus-sia. More critically, the burgeoning democracies in Ukraine, Bulgaria and Romania are largely dependent on Gazprom for their crucial gas supplies, and we are all well aware Russia is seeking to influence its neighbors’ political process by threatening their gas supply. American LNG could give Ukraine and the other Black Sea nations a real alternative. In fact, there are Texas companies already engaged in negotiations with the Ukrainian state gas companies to build Ukraine’s Black Sea LNG receiving terminal and supply U.S. LNG to Ukraine. There exists a concern that an impediment to Ukraine receiving U.S. LNG is the uncer-tainty surrounding the passage of LNG tankers through the Bosphorus Straits. Under the 1936 Montreux Convention, which controls how the Bosphorus Straits are to be used in peacetime, the LNG tanker issue should already be resolved. Article 1 provides that ‘‘The High Con-tracting Parties recognize and affirm the prin-ciple of freedom of transit and navigation by sea in the Straits.’’ Article 2 states that ‘‘In time of peace, mer-chant vessels shall enjoy complete freedom of transit and navigation in the Straits, by day and by night, under any flag with any kind of cargo.’’ Even with the clear language of the Treaty, debate continues as to governmental authori-ties over the waters of the Bosphorus. It is time to bring clarity to this important issue and open the Black Sea to U.S. LNG exports. U.S. LNG exports will play an important role in the future of our allies. It is my hope we can develop a reasonable, consensus approach to allow LNG to pass through the Bosphorus Straits. 
f 
HONORING LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS FELLED BY GUN VIO-LENCE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with a deep sadness and a heavy heart that I rise today to pay tribute to the individuals in law enforcement who have fallen in the line of duty while serving and protecting their commu-nities. It is important to acknowledge that no one is immune from gun violence, including our law enforcement officers stepping in the line of danger to protect us. While overall rates of officers killed by gun violence have declined over the years, we continue to see and hear about horrific cases of officers falling victim to gun violence. Since 2005, shooting-related deaths account for approximately 37 percent of officer fatali-ties in the line of duty. In the past five years, 259 police officers have died by gunfire across the nation. Thirteen of those deaths were accidental. Sadly, Texas had the highest number of fa-talities, losing 12 officers in 2015. This year, we have already lost nine officers to senseless gun violence across the nation in Utah, Oregon, Colorado, North Dakota, Ohio, Georgia, Mississippi and two in Maryland. Five of these shootings occurred in just three days in February. The recent incident that occurred on Feb-ruary 10, 2016, in Harford County, Maryland, accounting for two of five officers killed in less than a week is particularly alarming and egre-gious. Senior Deputy Patrick Dailey and Senior Deputy Mark Logsdon of the Harford County Sheriff Department were killed upon approach-ing a troubled and wanted man in a local res-taurant. They were the first Harford County Sheriff’s deputies to be shot and killed in the line of duty since 1899. The suspect, who legally purchased the weapon used in shooting these officers, had a history of domestic violence including stalking and a suspected shooting of his estranged wife, substance abuse, and a criminal record including assault on an officer. Awarded Medals of Honor, Deputy Dailey and Deputy Logsdon paid the ultimate sac-rifice for responding to a call of need, and en-countering an individual who should have never been in legal possession of a firearm. Mr. Speaker, this tragic event highlights the desperate need for mental health and com-mon sense gun reform in this country. We do not need any more first tragedies for communities and law enforcement agencies, and we do not need to repeat history as this year sets a shocking pace for increased officer killings by gunfire. There is no place in a civilized society for such senseless and preventable acts of vio-lence in this country. As Members of Congress we have a solemn obligation to pass legislation that improves the safety and respect between every law enforce-ment officer and the communities they serve to protect. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of the fallen police officers in this nation. f 
HONORING MATTHEW PELKEY FOR RECEIVING THE EMERGING BUSI-NESS LEADER AWARD FROM THE AMHERST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Matthew Pelkey as he is presented with the Emerging Business Leader Award by the Amherst Chamber of Commerce. Matthew, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.006 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE207 February 24, 2016 
through his extensive and distinguished work, has proven to be a leader in his community. Matthew is an attorney and recent partner with Colligan Law LLP. Matthew’s practice re-lates to counseling startups, entrepreneurs and businesses. His practice includes land use, commercial real estate and regulatory compliance for businesses and political groups. An active member of the Western New York startup community, Matthew was co-founder and co-director of the Buffalo Chapter of Start-up Grind. In that role, he also co-founded the monthly #LaunchHour entrepreneur Twitter chat in partnership with Launch NY. He serves as a member of FIKA Buffalo and the 43 North WeMakeBuffalo Team. Additionally, Matthew sits on the advisory board of the ECIDA Venture Capital Fund, a board responsible for making recommenda-tions to the ECIDA Board of Directors on how to form and operate a ten year, multi-million dollar early stage venture fund focusing on local emerging companies with high growth potential. An entrepreneur himself, Matthew is a co-founder and Chief Financial Officer of Black Squirrel Distillery, a New York State craft distillery. In that role he also co-founded the WNY Craft Beverage Alliance, Inc. Outside of the startup community, Matthew is a strong advocate for sustainable develop-ment and has served as a member of the Smart Growth Work Group of the WNY Re-gional Economic Development Council and the One Region Forward Land Use & Develop-ment Working Team. As the former Chair of The Emerging Busi-ness Leaders, Matthew served on the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of the Amherst Chamber of Commerce, as well as the Chamber’s Public Policy Committee. He volunteers for B–Team Buffalo and the Parkside Community Association. Matthew also serves as a member of the Professional Panel for the Cancer Legal Resource Center, and as an advisory board member for WomenElect. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to honor Matthew Pelkey as he receives the Emerging Business Leader Award from the Amherst Chamber of Com-merce. His personal contribution of time and effort towards the progress and enhancement of our community is admirable, and I wish him much continued success in all his future en-deavors. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF PAUL TRANBARGER 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize a heroic individual, Mr. Paul Tranbarger, of Flemingsburg, Kentucky. Mr. Tranbarger served in World War II as part of what we consider the Greatest Genera-tion in our nation’s history. Please join me today in honoring a man who has displayed selflessness, courage, commitment, and dedi-cation to our beautiful country. Paul Tranbarger was born in Bristol, Virginia in 1926. He left home at the early age of 17 when he enlisted in the United States Navy. As a Seaman First Class aboard the aircraft carrier USS Shamrock Bay, he participated in the Philippines Campaign: Phase 2, the Battle of Iwo Jima, and the Okinawa Campaign. He was part of a crew that earned the USS Shamrock three battle stars. As if the military battles were not enough, he and his crew en-dured a typhoon while onboard the ship. After his military service, Paul returned home in 1946 to Virginia where he began working for Crosley Refrigeration. It was there he met and married his first and only love, Sadie. The two moved to Kentucky in 1952. Determined to live the American dream, Mr. Tranbarger fell in love with farming and owned and operated his own service station. Paul and his late wife Sadie have three chil-dren. He is an elder at the Mt. Pisgah Chris-tian Church and is still very active in his com-munity. He attributes his faith in God and love of family as the reason for his existence at age 90. Words can never express our gratitude or convey the honor so richly deserved. His serv-ice and sacrifice will be remembered and hon-ored for generations to come. f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. JENNIE M CIVOR RICHARDSON CAMPBELL 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, the lives of many in my district have been touched by the life of one—Mrs. Jennie McIvor Richardson Campbell; and Whereas, she was born January 15, 1926 in Mount Vernon, New York, and today she cele-brates a milestone in her life, her 90th Birth-day; and Whereas, this phenomenal woman has shared her time and talents for the betterment of our community and our nation through her tireless works, words of encouragement and inspiration; and Whereas, Mrs. Campbell is a warrior for those in need, a woman of compassion, a fearless leader, a mother, a grandmother, an aunt, a servant to all and truly a friend; her dedicated service is present throughout my district, she is an unwavering caregiver; and Whereas, she is a blessing to us all. She gives advice on life, sewing and culture. She is a member of her beloved Greenforest Com-munity Baptist Church in Decatur, Georgia; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Jennie McIvor Richardson Campbell on the anniver-sary of her birth and for her outstanding lead-ership and service to our District; now there-fore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim January 15, 2016 as Mrs. Jennie McIvor Richardson Campbell Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 15th day of January, 2016. HONORING BENJAMIN T. JEALOUS HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Benjamin T. Jealous as he is the keynote speaker for the Canisius College Aca-demic Talent Search Black History Month event. Mr. Jealous and his years of experi-ence in civil and human rights will bring invalu-able insight to the students of Canisius Col-lege and to the Buffalo community, and we are honored to have him with us today. The Academic Talent Search (ATS) Pro-gram at Canisius College identifies and pro-vides services for individuals from disadvan-taged backgrounds, helping students progress through the academic pipeline from middle school through post-baccalaureate programs. The program serves approximately 600 youths recruited from area schools and community service organizations, giving educational, so-cial, and career support as well as co-cur-ricular and cultural enhancement. Mr. Jealous has previously served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the NAACP. He recently began working in the Sil-icon Valley venture capital firm Kapor Capital, where he plans to continue his goal of growing opportunities for minorities in the tech econ-omy. A Rhodes Scholar, Mr. Jealous was named by both Forbes and TIME magazine to their ‘‘Top 40 under 40’’ lists, as well as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum. The youngest president in the NAACP’s his-tory, Mr. Jealous began his career at 18 open-ing mail at the NAACP Legal Defense Fund. Under his leadership, the NAACP grew to be the largest civil rights organization online and on mobile, and became the largest commu-nity-based nonpartisan voter registration oper-ation in the country. In addition, the NAACP experienced their first multi-year membership growth in over 2 decades. A builder of robust coalitions, Mr. Jealous’s leadership included bringing environmentalist organizations into the fight to protect voting rights, and con-vincing several well-known conservatives to join the NAACP in challenging mass incarcer-ation. Prior to leading the NAACP, Mr. Jealous spent 15 years as a journalist and community organizer. Throughout his entire career, he has been the leader of successful state and local movements to ban racial profiling, defend voting rights, secure marriage equality, and free multiple wrongfully incarcerated people. Mr. Jealous has built a legacy on fighting for justice, and has made a career out of helping the disadvantaged and less fortunate. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to honor Mr. Benjamin T. Jeal-ous for all of the work that he has done. The ATS Program and Canisius College is hon-ored to have such a distinguished and honor-able speaker for their event. His personal con-tribution of time and effort towards the progress of justice in our nation is admirable, and I am grateful for his unwavering commit-ment to such noble causes. I wish him much continued success in all his future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.009 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE208 February 24, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 83, I was absent on account of attending a fu-neral. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
HONORING THE ESTILL COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL BAND 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special group of young people. Members of the Estill County High School Marching En-gineers won the Class AA Kentucky Music Educators Association state competition. The band is directed by Jason Bowles. This event is very competitive and involves young men and women from across Kentucky. Like any successful endeavor, the victory was won by dedication, hours of practice, deter-mination, and teamwork. The young people worked very hard for this accomplishment and they learned many lessons that will benefit them as they become adults. Estill County High School is a small but proud high school in Irvine, Kentucky. The community was very supportive of this group of students. The young people represented themselves and their county very well at the state competition. I congratulate the students and their director on the Class AA KMEA state championship and I am proud to honor them before the United States House of Represent-atives. 
f 
HONORING NEW ERA CAP CO, INC. FOR RECEIVING THE COMMIT-MENT TO EXCELLENCE AWARD FROM THE AMHERST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and honor New Era Cap Co, Inc. for receiving the Commitment to Excellence Award from the Amherst Chamber of Com-merce. For nearly a century, New Era has helped people express their unique passion, pride, and style. Now a brand recognized around the world, New Era came from humble beginnings. In 1920, Ehrhardt Koch founded the company out of the back room of a rented company on Genesee Street in Buffalo, New York. The company is family-owned to this day. Each generation of the Koch family has em-braced and grown New Era’s legacy. The company started with a focus on making a high-quality men’s fashion headwear, entering the market with a cap known as the ‘‘Gatsby.’’ After a few years, Ehrhardt Koch and his son Harold developed their next business venture, the baseball cap. Under Harold’s leadership, New Era built relationships with baseball teams from Little League to college and pro-fessional leagues. Harold Koch’s son David continued to de-velop the baseball cap, growing New Era from a company supplying a few teams with caps to providing almost every Major League Base-ball (MLB) and their Minor League affiliates with its 59FIFTY fitted cap. It was David’s dedication to building relationships with part-ners like MLB that helped create the reputa-tion New Era has today. Chris Koch, David’s son and the fourth gen-eration Koch to lead the company, picked up where his father left off. With his knowledge of New Era’s uniqueness, he secured a partner-ship with the National Football League in 2010. With the addition of apparel and acces-sories to its portfolio and having New Era products sold in over 70 countries has trans-formed New Era from a manufacturing com-pany to a global lifestyle brand. A search for a new headquarters in 2005 led the company to the ex-Federal Reserve Bank building in downtown Buffalo. Today, the company has 1100 employees and 17 offices, producing 50 million caps per year to be sold in 81 countries. I ask that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating New Era on their accomplishment of Commitment to Excellence award and their continuous dedication and contributions to the community at large. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DR. BERNADITA ‘‘BENIT’’ CAMACHO-DUNGCA 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Bernadita ‘‘Benit’’ Camacho-Dungca. Benit was a daugh-ter of Guam, passionate advocate of the Chamorro language and culture, and a dedi-cated life-long educator. She passed away on February 15, 2016 at the age of 74. Benit was born and raised in Dededo, Guam and was the eldest daughter of ten chil-dren of Ignacio Rivera Camacho and Maria Pocaigue Rosario. She was married to the late Vicente Taitingfong Dungca and together they had one son, John. Benit graduated from George Washington High School and received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Linguistics and Anthropology from the University of Hawaii at Manoa. She went on to receive her Master of Arts degree in Education in Reading from the University of Guam, and her Ph.D. in Cur-riculum and Instruction from the University of Oregon. Benit began working at the University of Guam in 1973 after creating the books, ‘‘Chamorro Reference Grammar’’ and the ‘‘Chamorro-English Dictionary.’’ Both books are crucial resources for teaching and revital-izing the Chamorro language. She was also an associate professor at the University of Guam’s School of Education. She taught Chamorro and trained bilingual, bicultural teachers from the Guam Department of Edu-cation, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia. Benit initiated the Bilingual Bicultural Teacher Education Program and brought distance education to the University of Guam. She was the recipient of the University of Guam Faculty Award for Excellence in Service. Benit also served as a government representative for various international con-ferences on language. Most notably, Benit was the author of the Inifresi, or Guam Pledge, which is recited in many schools, pub-lic events, and meetings. In addition to work at the University of Guam, Benit was also very active in the com-munity. She hosted a television program on KGTF Public Television called Fino’ Chamorro. Benit also served as a Girl Scout leader, Tamuning Youth Program summer camp director, was a member of the Tamuning Community Council, and was in-volved in her parish as a Confraternity of Christian Doctrine teacher and a member of various church ministries. I am deeply saddened by the passing of Dr. Bernadita ‘‘Benit’’ Camacho-Dungca, and I join the people of Guam in celebrating her life, and recognizing and remembering her dedicated service to Guam. I thank her for sharing her knowledge and tirelessly passing down all she could for our future generations. I extend my condolences to her son, John and his family. My thoughts and prayers are with her family, loved ones and friends. She will be missed, and her memory and legacy will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 83, I missed the vote as I was unavoidably de-tained due to traffic getting on to the Capitol Grounds. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
HONORING WEST HERR AUTO-MOTIVE GROUP FOR RECEIVING THE RETAIL AWARD FROM THE AMHERST CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor West Herr Automotive Group for receiv-ing the Retail Award from the Amherst Cham-ber of Commerce. West Herr’s history of and dedication to good corporate citizenship as well as their continued success is worthy of recognition and praise. West Herr Automotive Group, established in 1950, is the largest automotive group in New York State and the 24th largest in the nation. West Herr is a long-time contributor and sup-porter of many worthwhile organizations in Western New York, demonstrating their gen-erosity and commitment to giving back to the community that supports them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.011 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE209 February 24, 2016 
With 21 locations in Erie, Niagara, and Mon-roe Counties, West Herr has 23 franchises and over 1,900 employees. In 2015, the com-pany sold more than 46,000 new and used ve-hicles. West Herr prides itself on dealing hon-estly and fairly with customers and employees, a philosophy shared throughout all levels of the organization. West Herr builds their rep-utation on excellence, customer satisfaction and an understanding of their roots. All own-ers live in Western New York and actively manage the 21 locations on a daily basis. Their customer and employee satisfaction efforts have earned them countless awards. West Herr has received Business First of Buf-falo ‘‘Best Place to Work in WNY’’ Award for eleven consecutive years and the Better Busi-ness Bureau’s ‘‘Torch Award for Marketplace Ethics’’ six times. In 2012, the group was rec-ognized nationally as one of the ‘‘Best Dealer-ships to Work For’’ through Automotive News. Additionally, the Buffalo News recognized West Herr as a Top Workplace in its inaugural year for the program. I ask that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating West Herr on receiving the Retail Award from the Amherst Chamber of Com-merce. Their contributions to Western New York and commitment to quality service is commendable and I wish them continued suc-cess. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DANA NESSEL 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dana Nessel, whose commitment to justice and equality has impacted the people of Michigan and citizens across the United States. Dana is a graduate of the University of Michigan and Wayne State University Law School and spent more than a decade working as an assistant prosecuting attorney for Wayne County, serving much of her tenure in special assignment units. She specialized in domestic homicides, child physical and sexual abuse cases, and investigations into police shootings and in-custody deaths of civilians She is currently managing partner at Nessel and Kessel in Detroit, where she specializes in criminal defense and family law. In 2012, Dana championed the cause of marriage equality by initiating the case which challenged Michigan’s ban on same-sex sec-ond party adoption, the case which would ulti-mately bring this important issue before the Supreme Court. The landmark decision of this case granted the dignity so many sought for so long: the right to commit to the person they love. Today, Dana continues to defend the rights of the LGBT community by pushing for protections against discrimination in state law across the country. Dana is this year’s recipient of the Honor-able Kaye Tertzag Purple Sport Coat Award. Given to those, who, like Judge Tertzag, show devotion and service to our Michigan commu-nity, Dana exemplifies his well-known motto: ‘‘Be Prompt. Be Prepared. Be Polite.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Dana Nessel for her service to Michigan and our nation and wish her many years of success. HONORING LESLIE ZEMSKY FOR RECEIVING THE AMHERST CHAM-BER OF COMMERCE WOMAN OF DISTINCTION AWARD HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mrs. Leslie Zemsky as she receives the Amherst Chamber of Commerce’s Woman of Distinction Award. An artist, community leader, and Director of Fun for Larkin Square, Leslie has played an instrumental role in revitalizing the Larkin District and the City of Buffalo. As Larkin Square’s Director of Fun, Leslie partners with her husband Howard Zemsky and Joe Petrella to lead the Larkin Develop-ment Group. The group has renovated a num-ber of former warehouse buildings which were once part of the Larkin Soap Company. Since 2002, the Larkin Development Group’s renovations include more than 800,000 square feet of office space, more than a half mile of streetscape improvements and a public gathering space for events called Larkin Square. Thanks to their creative vision, the Larkin District, now known fondly as Larkinville, has returned to its roots as a vi-brant, mixed-use neighborhood, home to of-fices, residences, restaurants, parks and pub-lic gathering spaces like Larkin Square. Under Leslie’s leadership Larkinville has be-come a destination. Nearly every day of the week, thousands gather in Larkin Square for events such as Food Truck Tuesdays, Live at Larkin Wednesdays and the Larkin Square Author Talks. The neighborhood continues to evolve and grow with the opening of Flying Bison Brewery and Hydraulic Hearth Res-taurant & Brewery, run by Leslie’s son Harry. The rebirth of Larkinville has played a lead-ing role in the rebirth of Buffalo. Larkinville has gained national attention, from the Congress for New Urbanism to earning praise from jour-nalist Katie Couric during her recent visit to Buffalo. My Buffalo District office is located in the Larkin at Exchange Building, and we’ve wit-nessed an incredible transformation due in no small part to Leslie. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating her for receiving the Woman of Distinction Award, expressing our deepest gratitude for her vision and efforts, and wishing her all the best in her future en-deavors. 
f 
CALLING UPON THE SENATE TO FULFILL CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY TO VOTE ON JUSTICE SCALIA’S SUCCESSOR 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, ten days ago, on February 13, 2016, the nation was saddened to learn of the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, the senior Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. Justice Scalia, who loved the Court, served it ably for nearly 30 years and was involved in some of the most consequential cases in his-tory. Mr. Speaker, I urge those who revered Jus-tice Scalia, cherish his memory, and wish to do honor to the work of his life, to join me in calling upon the Senate, and every senator, to discharge their constitutional duty to advise and consent (or not consent) to the nomina-tion that will be put forward by the President by holding an up or down vote. Mr. Speaker, those who claim there is an 80 year precedent against confirming a Supreme Court nominee during an election year and that there is not sufficient time to fill the va-cancy are incorrect. The most recent instance where there was a vacancy on the Supreme Court in an elec-tion year occurred not 80 but 28 years ago, in 1988, during the administration of President Reagan. That vacancy was filled on February 3, 1988 by the appointment of Justice Anthony Ken-nedy who was confirmed 97–0 by a Democrat- controlled Senate. The Kennedy nomination is the controlling precedent, as Justice Scalia would recognize. In fact, Justice Scalia would say to anyone claiming otherwise, ‘‘Leges posteriores priores contrarias abrogant,’’ which is Latin for the canon of judicial interpretation that ‘‘the last expression of the people prevails.’’ There are 332 days left in President Obama’s term, which is more than sufficient time for the President to nominate, and for the Senate to consider and vote to confirm or re-ject his nominee. Since 1900, there have been 60 Supreme Court vacancies. The average time taken to fill these 60 va-cancies is 73 days, which is less than 25% of the time remaining in the President’s term. The average time to fill each of the 13 va-cancies since 1975 is a mere 67 days. And of the current members of the Supreme Court, the average time is 74 days, the long-est being the 99 days taken to confirm the controversial nomination of Justice Clarence Thomas in October 1991. Mr. Speaker, as is often noted, elections have consequences. They also impose responsibilities and du-ties. And one of the most important duties im-posed by the Constitution on the President is to nominate persons to fill vacancies on the Supreme Court and for the Senate to consider those nominations with dispatch. The Supreme Court is the nation’s highest court and its essential and indispensable role in our constitutional system is to provide defin-itive interpretations of American law and the Constitution. Its decisions are the law of the land binding in every state and territory. It is the only judicial tribunal capable of pro-viding the legal clarity and certainty required for the legal system to function and give meaning to the rule of law. President Obama has announced that he in-tends to fulfill the responsibility devolved upon him by the Constitution and will submit to the Senate a nominee to fill the large shoes left by the late Justice Antonin Scalia. The Senate should fulfill its constitutional duty to advise and consent, or withhold its consent, by casting an up or down vote on that nomination. That is the way to pay fitting tribute to Jus-tice Scalia, to honor the Constitution, and to keep faith with the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.012 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE210 February 24, 2016 
HONORING PEGULA SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT FOR RECEIV-ING THE BUSINESS OF THE YEAR AWARD FROM THE AM-HERST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Pegula Sports and Entertainment for re-ceiving the Business of the Year Award from the Amherst Chamber of Commerce. Created in 2014, Pegula Sports and Entertainment is a management company streamlining the Pegula family’s business endeavors across sports and entertainment, including the Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Sabres, Buffalo Bandits, Roch-ester Americans, HARBORCENTER, and Black River Entertainment. On February 22, 2011, a new era in Buffalo sports history began when Terry and Kim Pegula purchased the Buffalo Sabres and Buf-falo Bandits. That summer, the Pegulas ac-quired the Rochester Americans, and resum-ing the team’s long time relationship with the Sabres as their American Hockey League affil-iate. In 2012, the Pegulas purchased the 1.7 acre Webster Block across from First Niagara Center, which became the HARBORCENTER complex. HARBORCENTER features two NHL-size rinks, the Academy of Hockey, (716) Food and Sport, IMPACT Sports Performance, a destination Tim Hortons Cafe & Bake Shop, 750-space parking ramp, and full-service Mar-riott Hotel. The Pegulas’ dedication extends beyond re-invigorating the Sabres and their arena. On Friday, October 10, 2014, Terry and Kim be-came owners of the Buffalo Bills, after the passing of Ralph Wilson, Jr. The Pegulas are only the second owners of the beloved 55- year old National Football League organiza-tion. To show their commitment to our region, on Sunday, October 12th, 2014, coinciding with the Pegula’s first game as owners of the Bills, Pegula Sports and Entertainment officially launched the ‘‘One Buffalo’’ campaign. The ‘‘One Buffalo’’ campaign provides an associa-tion and link between the Bills, Sabres, the Pegulas, and the City of Buffalo. The cam-paign is a celebration of the future of sport in Western New York and the family who has in-vested so much into the city, and seeks to bring the community together as a representa-tion of teamwork and a deeper connection be-tween Buffalo sports teams and their fans. I ask that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating Terry and Kim Pegula as they re-ceive the Business of the Year Award. I am deeply grateful for their incredible investment and belief in Western New York, and I wish them all the best in their future endeavors, and many championships for the Bills and Sa-bres under their leadership. TRIBUTE TO MR. LEWIS ‘‘LEW’’ BELCHER HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, our lives have been touched by the leadership and service of Mr. Lewis ‘‘Lew’’ Belcher, Jr.; and Whereas, Mr. Lewis ‘‘Lew’’ Belcher served our nation with honor and valor in the United States Air Force. He demonstrated unques-tionable leadership and courage as an Airman devoted in protecting our nation; and Whereas, Mr. Belcher served and led our district in Rockdale County as a steadfast pil-lar of our community by being ever so watch-ful of issues that would hinder constituents. He was a community advocate on the front line of fighting for equality and justice. He was the voice for the voiceless and the pulse of the grassroots machine in Rockdale County; and Whereas, Mr. Belcher advised many elected and appointed officials on issues concerning the public, he also promoted supporting local small businesses; and Whereas, he never asked for fame or for-tune, nor found a job too small or too big; he gave of himself, his time, his talent and his life to uplift those in need by demonstrating un-wavering commitment to protecting and serv-ing the citizens of Rockdale County; and Whereas, he was a husband, a father, a grandfather, a great grandfather and a friend; he was also a man of great integrity who re-mained true to the uplifting and service of my district; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia recognizes Mr. Lewis ‘‘Lew’’ Belcher, Jr., as a citizen of great worth and so noted distinction; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , JR. do hereby attest to the 114th Congress that Mr. Lewis ‘‘Lew’’ Belcher, Jr., is deemed worthy and de-serving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’ by de-claring Mr. Lewis ‘‘Lew’’ Belcher, Jr. U.S. Cit-izen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 18th day of January, 2016. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PEDRO PALOMO ADA, JR. 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Pedro Palomo Ada, Jr. Pedro was a son of Guam, icon in our business community, and philan-thropist. He was born on July 7, 1930 and passed away on February 12, 2016 at the age of 85. Pedro was the Chairman of Ada’s Trust & Investment, Inc., a real estate and invest-ment holdings company. Pedro followed in the footsteps of his par-ents Maria Palomo Ada and Pedro Martinez Ada who were also successful business peo-ple and generous philanthropists in the local community. Pedro began his business career at a young age while attending school at Saint Thomas Military Academy in Saint Paul, Min-nesota. He would find shoes and other items at great bargains and send them home to Guam to be sold at his parents’ retail busi-ness. He graduated from St. Thomas College in Saint Paul, Minnesota in 1953 with a de-gree in Business Administration. After finishing college, Pedro served as one of the first Chamorro commissioned officers in the United States Air Force. He later returned to Guam to help with the family business. He was able to improve and expand Ada’s Market into a household name and then into a real estate holding company, and soon became a real estate visionary who was responsible for many changes and improvements in Guam’s capitol city of Haga˚tn˜a. Pedro created opportu-nities in the private sector and expanded the potential for residential and commercial real estate developments during times of emerging economic markets in the island. Pedro was in-ducted into the Guam Chamber of Com-merce’s Guam Business Hall of Fame in 2003. Pedro led a long life with both business and community involvement. He served as a mem-ber and board chairman of the University of Guam Board of Regents in the 1970s and 1980s. He was also instrumental in estab-lishing the University of Guam’s Reserve Offi-cer’s Training Corps (ROTC). Pedro was an active member of the Air Force’s Civilian Advi-sory Council, and supported groups such as the Guam Boy Scouts and KGTF Public Tele-vision. Additionally, he served on numerous boards including the Guam Blue Ribbon Edu-cation Committee, the Guam Memorial Hos-pital, the Guam Retirement Fund and the Guam Visitors Bureau. Pedro dedicated his life to improving our is-land and community. He was an active mem-ber and supporter of the Saint Anthony-Saint Victor Parish of Tamuning, Guam and a dedi-cated family man. I am deeply saddened by the passing of Pedro and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life and remembering his contributions to our island community. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, loved ones and friends. I extend my condolences to his wife of 57 years, Fe; his children Maria A. Bonnie, Pedro ‘‘Sonny’’ and Jennifer Ada, Dr. Frances A. and Jaime Purviance, Patricia P. Ada, Therese and David John, and Carla P. Ada; and his eleven grandchildren. He will be missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. f 
HONORING AMHERST YOUTH HOCKEY FOR RECEIVING THE COMMUNITY SERVICE AWARD FROM THE AMHERST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Amherst Youth Hockey for receiving the Community Service Award from Amherst Chamber of Commerce. The Amherst Youth Hockey Association was established in 1964, when the Audubon rink was first built. The cost to participate when es-tablished was $5.00 to register and 25 cents every time one went on the ice. Those who worked to first develop the pro-gram were William E. Russell, Barney March, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.014 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE211 February 24, 2016 
Bob Westphal, Bud Aschbacher, Frank Sykes, Gary Mitchell, Don Satchell, Harvey Rogers, H. Jarvis (Jerry) Turner, Bob Sacha, Jim Wurzer, Danny Guynn, Skip Harrington, John Brownschidle, Thomas Burke, Charles Kra-mer, Richard Johnston, Drury Williford, Ray Cotter, H. Hamilton, W. Leahy, Leo Lynett, Phil Boudreau, Frank Mathewson, R. Weisenborn, Robert Carver and many more. During its second year of existence, the or-ganization had the opportunity to host the New York State Peewee Championship during March of 1965. Familiar players in that tour-nament include Kevin McGuire, Chuck Sykes, Terry Brownschidle, Terry Sykes, Bill Bush, Mark Aschbacher, Pete Hunt, Sean Mccrossan, Ed McGuire, Keith Metzger, Brian Cavanaugh, Gary Hill, Ray WeiI, Bill Graf, Mike Hanretty, David Smith, Mike Caruana and Jay Hill. Presently, the Amherst Youth Hockey now operates out of the Northtown Recreation Center. It is a youth hockey organization for boys and girls ages 4 through 18, offering house programs, travel programs, and a spring session. The Amherst Youth Hockey Association is committed to giving back to the community and providing a tremendous experience for all members. Dedicated to enriching the commu-nity’s youth through sport, the association pro-vides children with the opportunity to learn the fundamentals of hockey, find enjoyment in the sport, and become young athletes. I ask that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating Amherst Youth Hockey on receiv-ing the Community Service Award and recog-nizing their continuous dedication and con-tributions to Western New York. 
f 
IN HONOR OF REVEREND MICHELLE THOMAS AND HER WORK ON THE LOUDOUN FREE-DOM CENTER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, today, Feb-ruary 24, 2016, a very special ceremony took place at which the brave Foot Soldiers who participated in the civil rights marches from Selma to Montgomery half a century ago were honored with the Congressional Gold Medal. Among the witnesses to this ceremony were a group of my constituents from the Lansdowne community of Loudoun County who are taking affirmative steps to build a new church and multi-purpose community center on 4.4 acres of land that includes an unmarked cemetery in which more than 40 slaves who lived and worked on the former Belmont Plantation are buried. To honor those slaves, Reverend Michelle Thomas, senior pastor at Holy and Whole Life Changing Ministries International, has joined with other Loudoun County residents to form The Loudoun Freedom Center, a non-profit that will use science and technology to explore the cultural history of Loudoun, including Afri-can-American slaves who helped build planta-tions in the area. Among the projects planned for The Loudoun Freedom Center are: A visitors’ cen-ter that will tell the story of the African-Amer-ican communities of Loudoun County; Belmont and Coton (Lansdowne) African burial grounds that will preserve, protect and restore the sa-cred burial grounds on the former Belmont and Coton plantations; a Loudoun-specific ge-nome project; a virtual DNA extraction labora-tory; a research library and genealogy hub; and the Loudoun Freedom Chapel, a place to reflect and meditate. Just as it was divine inspiration that caused so many faithful Americans of different races and backgrounds to join together in unity and in hope at the Edmund Pettus Bridge last year, so too, it is divine inspiration for this di-verse group of citizens in Loudoun County to join together in unity and in hope on the site of an unmarked slave cemetery on Belmont Ridge Road. Reverend Thomas has said of the ambitious project that it is a crusade to reclaim the prop-erty under a banner of unity. ‘‘No matter what your race, your color, your creed . . . we all want the same things. We all want to be hon-ored. We all want to have hope for the future.’’ I pray that they will be successful in their endeavors and that they will inspire the resi-dents of Loudoun County and my Congres-sional District for years to come. f 
H.R. 3442 AND H.R. 2017 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be in Washington, D.C. on the afternoon on February 11th and on February 12th because I was attending a memorial service and I missed votes in the House. If I had been present, I would have opposed final passage of H.R. 3442, the Debt Management and Fis-cal Responsibility Act, and H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act. The Debt Management and Fiscal Respon-sibility Act may sound like a common-sense bill, but it is a misguided effort that creates du-plicative burdens and reporting requirements on the executive branch. The bill would re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to appear before Congress when the country nears the statutory debt limit and provide a written report on the Treasury’s debt-reduction proposals. The Administration, however, already provides Congress with an outline of its debt-reduction proposals in the President’s annual budget. The President presented his final budget— which includes numerous debt-reduction pro-posals—to Congress just two days ago, but House leaders denied the opportunity for the director of the Office of Management and Budget to testify about these proposals. In-stead, we are considering a bill that would cre-ate more requirements for the Administration by making them duplicate efforts they already undertake. For those reasons, I would have voted against H.R. 3442. I would have also opposed H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act. This bill would have allowed certain restaurants and food retailers to limit the nutritional infor-mation they provide to consumers. The nutri-tion disclosure requirements this bill seeks to roll back became law as part of the Affordable Care Act. Preparing to comply with those re-quirements has been a substantial undertaking for many retailers, but Congress has already delayed implementation of this rule as part of the FY2016 omnibus and given retailers an additional year before the rule would go into effect. Making nutrition information available empowers consumers to make healthy and nutritious choices, and this bill would have fur-ther undermined that effort. For that reason, I would have voted against H.R. 2017. f 
HONORING 360 PSG, INC. FOR RE-CEIVING THE TECHNOLOGY AWARD FROM THE AMHERST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and honor 360 PSG, Inc. for receiv-ing the Technology Award from the Amherst Chamber of Commerce. Founded in 2005 by 360 PSG partners Joel Colombo, Matthew Whelan, and Ben Shepard after their previous employer closed its doors. With no capital and grueling 20 hour work days, by the end of the first year they had built three websites to start the company. 360 PSG hired its first employees in 2006. Over the next two years, the company contin-ued to hire, launched over 150 new websites, and developed automated tools and platforms to help small business owners take full advan-tage of internet marketing. In the following two years another 300 websites. By 2011 the staff had grown to almost 20 full-time members. The company focuses its business on two flagship products that have been programmed and developed in-house, Fission CMS and 360 CMS. With over $2.5 million dollars of op-erating capital invested, these innovative prod-ucts provide website management tools with modern design elements to support the small business community across the country. Having come a long way from their humble beginnings, 360 PSG, Inc. serves over 1,000 customers from nearly every state and Can-ada. Their solid core values and a dedication to treating clients like partners allows them to develop strong, lasting relationships with high retention, remain profitable every year in busi-ness, and continue regional employment growth. 360 PSG’s internal divisions now in-clude all aspects of digital and internet mar-keting. Employing 30 full time team members spe-cialized in their respective fields of web de-sign, software engineering, social media ad-vertising, search optimization and marketing, and service/support departments, 360 PSG continues to evolve as a single-stop hub of services supporting our region by bringing in national revenue, creating full-time technology jobs. I ask that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating 360 PSG, Inc. on receiving the Technology Award from the Amherst Chamber of Commerce, and wish them the best as they continue to provide innovative services to small businesses and contribute to Western New York’s revitalization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.015 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE212 February 24, 2016 
CONGRATULATING 100 YEAR ANNI-VERSARY OF ROSECRANCE HEALTH NETWORK 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the Rosecrance Health Network as they celebrate 100 years of serving children, adolescents, adults, and fam-ilies in Northern Illinois and beyond. In 1916, Dr. James Rosecrance kept the memory of his late wife, Franny, alive by cre-ating the Rosecrance Memorial Home for Chil-dren at the couple’s homestead in New Mil-ford, Illinois. Incorporated by the state of Illi-nois as a home for children on August 11, 1916, the staff continued to care for needy children from New Milford and surrounding communities before expanding and relocating to Rockford, Illinois, in 1953. Continually adapting to the changing needs of the community, in 1982, Rosecrance trans-formed into an innovative and groundbreaking chemical dependency treatment center for teens struggling with drug and alcohol addic-tion and abuse. In 1992, this mission ex-panded even further as Rosecrance began treating adults with substance abuse dis-orders. Today, their Harrison Campus in Rock-ford offers a number of substance abuse serv-ices including outpatient programs and main-tains specialized units for young adults, vet-erans, firefighters, and paramedics. In 2011, Rosecrance merged with the Janet Wattles Center, a leading mental health serv-ice provider, to truly integrate substance abuse and mental health services and better serve patients at their many locations through-out Illinois and Wisconsin. Today, Rosecrance operates more than 40 locations and serves more than 22,000 people annually. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Sixteenth Congressional District, I would like to sincerely thank the hardworking men and women who have dedicated themselves to providing quality substance abuse and mental health care serv-ices. Without question, our communities and families are healthier and stronger thanks to the service and care provided by Rosecrance throughout their 100 year history. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL MARVIN R. ‘‘BUD’’ KILTON 
HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Lieutenant Colonel Marvin R. ‘‘Bud’’ Kilton and his service to our nation in the United States Air Force. He passed away on February 9, 2016 at the age of 90. Born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, Lt. Col. Kilton joined the Air Force in 1943 and trained to become a B24 and B25 pilot in the final years of World War II. At the conclusion of the war, he became an active reservist and earned a Bachelor’s of Science and a Mas-ter’s Degree at the University of Wisconsin. Lt. Col. Kilton rejoined active service from 1950 to 1970 where he served at Air Force Bases across the Western Hemisphere in Biloxi, Mis-sissippi; Goose Bay, Labrador, Canada; and Bogota´, Colombia. Throughout his twenty-six year military career, he accrued over 2000 total hours of flight time as a pilot and also headed the ROTC program at The Ohio State University for three years. He was Honorably Discharged with a total of six medals and commendations, including the Air Force Com-mendation Medal with one Oak Leaf Cluster, the National Defense Service Medal with one Bronze Service Star, the Air Force Reserves Medal, the Air Force Longevity Service Award with four Oak Leaf Clusters, the Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon, and the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award. After his service, Lt. Col. Kilton remained active in his community as the Director of Education for the Credit Union National Asso-ciation and worked as a tax preparer in Madi-son, Wisconsin and Orange County, Cali-fornia. He was married for 64 years to the late Carol M. Hansen and is survived by his two daughters, Megan Minarik and Stacey (Kilton) Winker, and his two grandchildren, Kelsey Lee Minarik and Ryan Andrew Minarik. I thank Lt. Col. Kilton for his courage and dedication to the United States and my thoughts are with his family in this difficult time. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, February 25, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 1 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States European Command. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the multi-employer pension plan system, focus-ing on recent reforms and current chal-lenges. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine the state of the farm economy. SD–116 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-land Security To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Transportation Security Administration. SD–138 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. SD–419 3 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and the Capitol Police. SD–192 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To receive a closed briefing on the Air Force Long Range Strike-Bomber. SVC–217 MARCH 2 9:30 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine S. 2446, to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion re-siduals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are pro-tective of human health and the envi-ronment, S. 1479, to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to grants, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Good Samaritan Cleanup of Orphan Mines Act of 2016’’. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commis-sion. SR–253 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, and Julie Helene Becker, Steven Nathan Berk, and Eliz-abeth Carroll Wingo, each to be an As-sociate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine EB–5 tar-geted employment areas. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars. SD–G50 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24FE8.017 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE213 February 24, 2016 
fiscal year 2017 for the Navy and Ma-rine Corps. SD–192 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Department of the Interior Bureau of Reclamation. SD–138 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the Eco-nomic Report of the President. SH–216 MARCH 3 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Health and Human Services. SD–138 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold hearings to examine regulatory reforms to improve equity market structure. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 2555, to provide opportunities for broadband in-vestment, the nomination of Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Massachusetts, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, and routine lists in the Coast Guard. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the dogs of the Department of Homeland Security, focusing on how canine programs con-tribute to homeland security. SD–342 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the impacts of Federal fisheries management on small businesses. SR–428A Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple Veterans Service Organiza-tions. CHOB–345 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Commerce. SD–192 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–366 MARCH 9 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold an oversight hearing to examine the enforcement of the antitrust laws. SD–226 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017 for Indian Country. SD–628 MARCH 16 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple Veterans Service Organiza-tions. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M24FE8.000 E24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D161 Wednesday, February 24, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S967–S1016 Measures Introduced: Ten bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2570–2579, S.J. Res. 30, and S. Res. 372–374.
                     Pages S994–95 
Measures Reported: S. 2276, to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–209) S. 659, to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–210) S. 1024, to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–211) S. 1674, to amend and reauthorize certain provi-sions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship. (S. Rept. No. 114–212) S. 2143, to provide for the authority for the suc-cessors and assigns of the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas. (S. Rept. No. 114–213)
                                           Page S994 
Relative to the Death of Supreme Court Jus-tice Antonin Scalia—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at 1:45 p.m., on Thursday, February 25, 2016, the Sen-ate begin consideration of S. Res. 374, relating to the death of Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, which is at the desk and I ask that it be held, and that Senate then vote on the resolution, and that if the resolution is agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, with no intervening action or debate. 
                                                                                            Page S1015 
Justice Scalia Tributes—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that Senators be permitted to submit tributes to Justice Scalia for the Record until March 10, 2016, and that all tributes be printed as a Senate document. 
                                                                                    Pages S1015–16 Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the modification and continuation of the national emer-gency with respect to Cuba and of the emergency authority relating to the regulation of the anchorage and movement of vessels, as amended; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–42)
                                           Page S990 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 89 yeas to 4 nays (Vote No. EX. 25), Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commis-sioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services.
                                     Pages S969–74, S1016 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Carla D. Hayden, of Maryland, to be Librarian of Congress for a term of ten years. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 7 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-ral.
                                                                                     Page S1016 
Messages from the House:                           Pages S990–91 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S991 
Measures Held at the Desk:                               Page S991 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S991–94 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S995–96 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                               Pages S996–S1003 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S989–90 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1003–15 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1015 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1015 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—25)
                                                                     Page S974 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:22 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, February 25, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1016.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE6.REC D24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD162 February 24, 2016 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: ARMY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Army, after receiving testimony from Patrick Murphy, Acting Secretary, and General Mark A. Milley, Chief of Staff, both of the Army, Department of Defense. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF STATE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of State, after receiving testimony from John Kerry, Secretary of State. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Homeland Security, after receiving testimony from Jeh Johnson, Secretary of Homeland Security. APPROPRIATIONS: NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, after receiving testimony from Stephen G. Burns, Chairman, and Kristine Svinicki, William Ostendorff, and Jeff Baran, each a Commissioner, all of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. IRANIAN INTELLIGENCE AND MILITARY CAPABILITIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities concluded a closed hear-ing to examine Iran’s intelligence and unconven-tional military capabilities, after receiving testimony from Andrew Exum, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Middle East Policy, Christopher P. Maier, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Operations and Com-batting Terrorism, and Brigadier General Michael E. Kurilla, Deputy Director for Special Operations and Counter-Terrorism, J–37, and Colonel John F. Gonzales, USAF, Deputy Chief for Middle East Di-rectorate, J–5, both of the Joint Staff, all of the De-partment of Defense. RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Renewable Fuel Standard, after receiving testi-mony from Howard Gruenspecht, Deputy Adminis-trator, Energy Information Administration, Depart-ment of Energy; Janet McCabe, Acting Assistant Administrator, Office of Air and Radiation, Environ-mental Protection Agency; Brooke Coleman, Ad-vanced Biofuels Business Council, Boston, Massachu-setts; Lucian Pugliaresi, Energy Policy Research Foundation, Inc., Washington, D.C.; and Ronald E. Minsk, Rockville, Maryland. ENDING MODERN SLAVERY Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine ending modern slavery, after receiving testimony from Cindy H. McCain, The McCain Institute for International Leadership Human Trafficking Advisory Council, and Maurice I. Middleberg, Free the Slaves, both of Washington, D.C., and Evelyn Chumbow, United States Advisory Council on Human Trafficking, College Park, Mary-land. UNFUNDED MANDATES REFORM ACT Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management concluded a hearing to examine the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, focusing on opportunities for improvement to support state and local governments, including S. 189, to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Fed-eral mandates, after receiving testimony from Rep-resentative Foxx; Utah Senator Curt Bramble, Na-tional Conference of State Legislatures, Bryan Desloge, National Association of Counties, and Rich-ard J. Pierce, Jr., The George Washington Univer-sity Law School, all of Washington, D.C.; and Paul Posner, George Mason University Center on the Public Service, Arlington, Virginia. ZIKA VIRUS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Zika virus, focusing on addressing the growing public health threat, after receiving testimony from Anne Schuchat, Principal Deputy Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Anthony S. Fauci, Director, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health, and Robin A. Robinson, Deputy Assistant Secretary and BARDA Director, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, all of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE6.REC D24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D163 February 24, 2016 
OPIOID USE AMONG SENIORS Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine opioid use among seniors, focus-ing on issues and emerging trends, after receiving testimony from Sean Cavanaugh, Deputy Adminis-trator and Director, Center for Medicare, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and Ann Maxwell, Assistant Inspector General, Office of Evaluation and Inspections, Office of Inspector General, both of the Department of Health and Human Services; Jerome Adams, Indiana State Department of Health, Indian-apolis; Steve Diaz, MaineGeneral Health, Augusta; and Sean Mackey, Stanford University School of Medicine Division of Pain Medicine, Palo Alto, Cali-fornia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4596–4611; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 624, were introduced.
                                       Pages H891–92 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H893 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission (H. Rept. 114–430); H.R. 2880, to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–431); H.R. 812, to provide for Indian trust asset man-agement reform, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–432); H.R. 1475, to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–433); H.R. 3371, to adjust the boundary of the Ken-nesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–434); and H.R. 3620, to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to pro-vide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–435).
                                                           Page H891 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                            Page H857 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:47 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H862 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Bishop Perry Thompson, Freedom Chapel International Christian Center, Washington, DC.                                                                                     Page H862 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act: S. 238, to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and em-ployees of the Bureau of Prisons;
                Pages H865–69 
Amending the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Herit-age Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission: H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commis-sion;
                                                                            Pages H875–76 
Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act: H.R. 2880, amended, to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia;
                                    Pages H876–77 
Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Re-membrance Act: H.R. 1475, amended, to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private con-tributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance; 
                                                                                      Pages H877–79 
Indian Trust Asset Reform Act: H.R. 812, amended, to provide for Indian trust asset manage-ment reform;
                                                          Pages H879–84 
Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjustment Act: H.R. 3371, to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill; and
                                            Pages H884–86 
Amending the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipali-ties adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE6.REC D24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD164 February 24, 2016 
Recreation Area: H.R. 3620, to amend the Dela-ware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improve-ment Act to provide access to certain vehicles serv-ing residents of municipalities adjacent to the Dela-ware Water Gap National Recreation Area. 
                                                                                      Pages H886–87 
Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2016— Rule for consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 618, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3624) to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder, by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 86, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 85. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, February 25th. 
                                                                                      Pages H869–74 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that he had issued a Proclamation to modify and continue the national emergency declared in Proclamations 6867 and 7757, relating to Cuba—referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–102).
                                                    Page H874 
Senate Referral: S. 2234 was referred to the Com-mittee on Financial Services and the Committee on House Administration.
                                             Page H889 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H873 and H873–74. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 3:37 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
STATE OF THE RURAL ECONOMY Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘State of the Rural Economy’’. Testi-mony was heard from Thomas J. Vilsack, Secretary, Department of Agriculture. APPROPRIATIONS—UNITED STATES FOREST SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the United States Forest Service. Testimony was heard from Tom Tidwell, Chief, United States Forest Service; and Tony Dixon, Budg-et Director, United States Forest Service. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-land Security held a budget hearing on the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Testimony was heard from Jeh Johnson, Secretary, Department of Home-land Security. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND FOREIGN ASSISTANCE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a budget hearing on the Department of State and For-eign Assistance. Testimony was heard from John F. Kerry, Secretary, Department of State. APPROPRIATIONS—USDA FOOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on USDA Food and Nutrition Service. Testi-mony was heard from Kevin Concannon, Under Sec-retary, Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services; Au-drey Rowe, Administrator, Food and Nutrition Serv-ice; Angela Tagtow, Executive Director, Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion; and Michael Young, Budget Officer, Department of Agriculture. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Department of Justice. Testi-mony was heard from Loretta Lynch, Attorney Gen-eral, Department of Justice. UNITED STATES EUROPEAN COMMAND Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held an oversight hearing on United States European Command. Testimony was heard from Philip M. Breedlove, United States Air Force, Supreme Allied Commander Europe, Commander, United States Eu-ropean Command. This hearing was closed. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the De-partment of Transportation. Testimony was heard from Anthony Foxx, Secretary, Department of Trans-portation. APPROPRIATIONS—USDA FOOD SAFETY AND INSPECTION SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service. Testimony was heard from Al Almanza, Deputy Under Secretary, Food Safety; and Michael Young, Budget Officer, Department of Agriculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE6.REC D24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D165 February 24, 2016 
THE CHALLENGE OF CONVENTIONAL AND HYBRID WARFARE IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION: THE CHANGING NATURE OF THE SECURITY ENVIRONMENT AND ITS EFFECT ON MILITARY PLANNING Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Challenge of Conventional and Hybrid Warfare in the Asia-Pacific Region: The Changing Nature of the Security Environment and Its Effect on Military Planning’’. Testimony was heard from Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr., USN, Commander, United States Pacific Command; and General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, USA, Commander, United States Forces Korea. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FISCAL YEAR 2017 SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAMS: DEFENSE INNOVATION TO CREATE THE FUTURE MILITARY FORCE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2017 Science and Technology Programs: Defense Innovation to Create the Future Military Force’’. Testimony was heard from Stephen Welby, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics; Mary Miller, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Research and Technology, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Ac-quisition, Logistics and Technology; Rear Admiral Mathias W. Winter, USN, Chief of Naval Research and Director, Innovation Technology Requirements, and Test and Evaluation (N84); David Walker, Dep-uty Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Science, Technology and Engineering, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition; and Arati Prabhakar, Director, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. U.S. STRATEGIC FORCES POSTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategic Forces Posture’’. Testimony was heard from Brian McKeon, Principal Deputy Under Secretary of De-fense for Policy, Department of Defense; and Admi-ral Cecil Haney, Commander, U.S. STRATCOM. DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY: BUDGETING AND STRUCTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Defense Health Agency: Budgeting and Structure’’. Testi-mony was heard from Jonathan Woodson, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, Department of Defense; and Vice Admiral Raquel C. Bono, Med-ical Corps, USN, Director, Defense Health Agency. EXAMINING THE POLICIES AND PRIORITIES OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Poli-cies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Edu-cation’’. Testimony was heard from John B. King, Acting Secretary, Department of Education. THE FISCAL YEAR 2017 HHS BUDGET Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2017 HHS Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Syl-via Mathews Burwell, Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services. DOE FOR THE 21ST CENTURY: SCIENCE, ENVIRONMENT, AND NATIONAL SECURITY MISSIONS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘DOE for the 21st Century: Science, Environment, and National Security Missions’’. Testimony was heard from Jared L. Cohon, Co-Chairman, Commis-sion to Review the Effectiveness of the National En-ergy Laboratories; TJ Glauthier, Co-Chairman, Com-mission to Review the Effectiveness of the National Energy Laboratories; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee began a markup on the ‘‘Small Business Broadband Deployment Act’’; a bill to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce; H.R. 1268, the ‘‘Energy Efficient Government Technology Act’’; H.R. 2984, the ‘‘Fair RATES Act’’; H.R. 3021, the ‘‘AIR Survey Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3797, the ‘‘Satis-fying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment (SENSE) Act’’; H.R. 4238, to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minori-ties; H.R. 4427, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act; H.R. 4444, the ‘‘EPS Improvement Act’’; H.R. 4557, the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Inter-ference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act’’; H.R. 2080, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam; H.R. 2081, to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project involving the Gibson Dam; H.R. 3447, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the W. Kerr Scott Dam; H.R. 4411, to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project involving the Gathright Dam; H.R. 4416, to extend the deadline for commencement of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Jun 09, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\FEB2016\D24FE6.REC D24FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD166 February 24, 2016 
construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Jennings Randolph Dam; H.R. 4412, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hy-droelectric project involving the Flannagan Dam; and H.R. 4434, to extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Cannonsville Dam. THE IMPACT OF THE DOD-FRANK ACT AND BASEL III ON THE FIXED INCOME MARKET AND SECURITIZATIONS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of the Dodd- Frank Act and Basel III on the Fixed Income Market and Securitizations’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 148, calling on the government of Iran to fulfill their promises of assistance in this case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States hostage in our Nation’s history; H. Res. 551, recognizing the importance of the United States- Israel economic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; H.R. 3924, the ‘‘Global Devel-opment Lab of 2015’’; and H.R. 4403, the ‘‘Enhanc-ing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act’’. H. Res. 148 and H.R. 3924 were ordered reported, as amended. H. Res. 551 and H.R. 4403 were ordered reported, without amendment. ESTABLISHING ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE WORLD INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ORGANIZATION: ILLICIT TECHNOLOGY TRANSFERS, WHISTLEBLOWING, AND REFORM Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations; Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Estab-lishing Accountability at the World Intellectual Property Organization: Illicit Technology Transfers, Whistleblowing, and Reform’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BOKO HARAM: THE ISLAMIST INSURGENCY IN WEST AFRICA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Boko Haram: The Islamist Insurgency in West Africa’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3892, the ‘‘Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designation Act of 2015’’. H.R. 3892 was ordered reported, as amended. TRIPLE THREAT TO WORKERS AND HOUSEHOLDS: IMPACTS OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS ON JOBS, WAGES AND STARTUPS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Triple Threat to Workers and Households: Impacts of Federal Regulations on Jobs, Wages and Startups’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE 2016 CALIFORNIA WATER SUPPLY OUTLOOK DURING THE EL NIN˜O AND THREE YEARS OF RESTRICTED WATER DELIVERIES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing entitled ‘‘The 2016 California Water Supply Outlook During the El Nin˜o and Three Years of Restricted Water Deliveries’’. Testimony was heard from David Murillo, Regional Director, Mid-Pacific Region, Bu-reau of Reclamation, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. THE IMPOSITION OF NEW REGULATIONS THROUGH THE PRESIDENT’S MEMORANDUM ON MITIGATION Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Imposition of New Regulations Through the President’s Memorandum on Mitigation’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Bean, Principal Deputy As-sistant Secretary, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior; Brian Ferebee, Associate Dep-uty Chief, National Forest System, U.S. Forest Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture; and Christy Goldfuss, Managing Director, Council on Environ-mental Quality. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 3477, the ‘‘Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act’’; and H.R. 3599, the ‘‘Eastern Band Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act’’. Testimony was heard from Ann Marie Bledsoe Downes, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs for Policy and Economic Develop-ment, Department of the Interior; and public wit-nesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE6.REC D24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D167 February 24, 2016 
THE ZIKA VIRUS: COORDINATION OF A MULTI-AGENCY RESPONSE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Transportation and Public Assets held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Zika Virus: Coordination of a Multi-Agency Response’’. Testimony was heard from Anne Schuchat, Principal Deputy Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Anthony Fauci, Director, National Institute of Allergy and In-fectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health; John Armstrong, Surgeon General and Secretary of Health, State of Florida; and a public witness. UNLOCKING THE SECRETS OF THE UNIVERSE: GRAVITATIONAL WAVES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Unlocking the Se-crets of the Universe: Gravitational Waves’’. Testi-mony was heard from Fleming Crim, Assistant Di-rector, Directorate of Mathematical and Physical Sciences, National Science Foundation; and public witnesses. A REVIEW OF UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS REPORTS TO CONGRESS ON FUTURE WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT AND CHIEF’S REPORTS Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Water Resources and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of United States Army Corps of Engineers Reports to Congress on Future Water Resources Development and Chief’s Reports’’. Testimony was heard from Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works; and Lieutenant General Thomas Bostick, Chief of Engi-neers, Army Corps of Engineers. GLOBAL TAX ENVIRONMENT IN 2016 AND NEED TO REFORM AND MODERNIZE THE U.S. INTERNATIONAL TAX SYSTEM Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing on the global tax environment in 2016 and how recent developments are further escalating the immediate need to reform and modernize the U.S. international tax system. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
THE AMERICAN LEGION LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Senate Committee con-cluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative pres-entation of The American Legion, after receiving tes-timony from Dale Barnett, The American Legion, Douglasville, Georgia. f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Jus-tice, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Brad R. Carson, of Oklahoma, to be Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Jennifer M. O’Connor, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, and Todd A. Weiler, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of John B. King, of New York, to be Secretary of Education, 2 p.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine connecting patients to new and potential life saving treatments, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Tribal Law and Order Act 5 years later, focusing on the next steps to improve justice systems in Indian com-munities, 1:30 p.m., SH–216. Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immigra-tion and the National Interest, to hold hearings to exam-ine the impact of high-skilled immigration on United States workers, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine changes to the United States patent system and impacts on America’s small businesses, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, hearing to review the G–20 swap data reporting goals, 10 a.m., 1300 Long-worth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Indian Health Service, 9 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on Veterans Affairs Office of the Inspector General, 9:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the De-partment of Defense, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, budget hearing on Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Jun 09, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\FEB2016\D24FE6.REC D24FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD168 February 24, 2016 Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Food and Drug Administration, 10:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation, 1 p.m., B–308 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the Federal Bureau of Investigation, 2 p.m., H–309 Capitol. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, budget hearing on the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Full Spectrum Security Challenges in Europe and their Effects on Deterrence and Defense’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Navy 2017 Budget Request and Seapower and Projection Forces’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps for K–12 Education: Upholding the Letter and Intent of the Every Student Succeeds Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Small Business Broadband Deployment Act’’; a bill to promote a 21st century energy and manu-facturing workforce; H.R. 1268, the ‘‘Energy Efficient Government Technology Act’’; H.R. 2984, the ‘‘Fair RATES Act’’; H.R. 3021, the ‘‘AIR Survey Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3797, the ‘‘Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment (SENSE) Act’’; H.R. 4238, to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities; H.R. 4427, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act; H.R. 4444, the ‘‘EPS Improvement Act’’; H.R. 4557, the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act’’; H.R. 2080, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam; H.R. 2081, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project involving the Gibson Dam; H.R. 3447, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the W. Kerr Scott Dam; H.R. 4411, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gathright Dam; H.R. 4416, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Jennings Randolph Dam; H.R. 4412, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Flannagan Dam; and H.R. 4434, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Cannonsville Dam (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Puerto Rico’s Debt Crisis and Its Impact on the Bond Markets’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Impact of International Regulatory Standards on the Competitiveness of U.S. Insurers: Part II’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening U.S. Leadership in a Turbulent World: The FY 2017 Foreign Affairs Budget’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Prob-ing DHS’s Botched Management of the Human Resources Information Technology Program’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protec-tion, and Security Technologies, hearing entitled ‘‘Emerg-ing Cyber Threats to the United States’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘International Conflicts of Law Concerning Cross Border Data Flow and Law Enforcement Requests’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Department of Treasury’s Analysis of the Situation in Puerto Rico’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 2316, the ‘‘Self-Sufficient Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 3650, the ‘‘State National Forest Management Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3826, the ‘‘Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act’’; H.R. 4510, the ‘‘Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act’’; and H.R. 4579, the ‘‘Utah Test and Training Range Encroachment Prevention and Tem-porary Closure Act’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Security Clearance Reform: The Performance Accountability Council’s Path Forward’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Adminis-trative Rules, hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Consumer Op-erated and Oriented Plans (CO-OPs)’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Space Leadership Preserva-tion Act and the Need for Stability at NASA’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-tracting and the Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Hotline Truths: Issues Raised by Recent Audits of Defense Con-tracting’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of DOT’s Pipeline Safety Program’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business meeting for the official Committee photo of the 114th Congress; markup of H.R. 4336, the ‘‘Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act’’; H.R. 4063, the ‘‘Jason Simcakoski PROMISE Act’’; H.R. 4129, the ‘‘Jumpstart VA Construction Act’’; H.R. 1769, the ‘‘Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3484, the ‘‘Los Angeles Homeless Veterans Leasing Act of 2015’’; draft legislation to authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into agreements with certain health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Jun 09, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\FEB2016\D24FE6.REC D24FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D169 February 24, 2016 care providers to furnish hospital care, medical services, and extended care to veterans; and draft legislation of the ‘‘FY 2016 VA Seismic Safety, Construction, and Lease Authorization Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats’’, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE6.REC D24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD170 February 24, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, February 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will be in a period of morning business. At 1:45 p.m., Senate will begin con-sideration of S. Res. 374, relating to the death of Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and vote on adoption of the resolution. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, February 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Continue consideration of H.R. 3624—Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act. Consideration of H.R. 2406—Sportsmen’s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement (SHARE) Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aguilar, Pete, Calif., E203 Barr, Andy, Ky., E205, E207, E208 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E211 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E208, E210 Capps, Lois, Calif., E204 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E203 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E203 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E211 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E209 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E204 Green, Gene, Tex., E206 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E205, E206, E206, E207, E208, E208, E209, E210, E210, E211 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E212 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E206, E209 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E205, E207, E210 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E212 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E203, E203 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E204, E205 Perry, Scott, Pa., E205, E208 Walden, Greg, Ore., E208 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24FE6.REC D24FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST