Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2113 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 2016 No. 67 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, May 2, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , APRIL 29, 2016 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Almighty Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We pray for the gift of wisdom to all with great responsibility in this House for the leadership of our Nation. May all the Members have the vision of a world where respect and under-standing are the marks of civility, and where honor and integrity are the marks of one’s character. As Members take time in the coming week for constituency visits, give them the ability to hear the voices of all in their districts so that when they re-turn, they are focused on the impor-tant work to be done. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within these hal-lowed halls be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. TROTT led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ACHIEVEMENTS OF MARTIN AND CATHERINE TERBRACK (Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary achievements of Martin and Catherine Terbrack of Troy, Michigan. Mr. and Mrs. Terbrack were recently recognized by CARE House of Oakland County as Foster Parents of the Year. CARE House is a wonderful organiza-tion in southeast Michigan that pro-vides services and counseling to chil-dren who are victims of abuse. The Terbracks have cared for 33 chil-dren, newborn babies to 5-year-old kids, and are currently caring for a 14- month-old baby girl who was 6 weeks old and weighed only 4 pounds when they brought her into their home. The Terbrack family has been in-volved in fostering for an amazing 73 years, with Martin’s mother, Peggy, having cared for 150 children. That equates to about 90,000 bottles and 220,000 diapers. Mr. Speaker, at a time when many have come to see our Nation defined by acrimony and division, the wonderful story of Martin and Catherine Terbrack of Troy, Michigan, reminds us all that there is more good in this world than bad. They have taught us that many of our problems we face can be solved with love and generosity, and they re-mind us that we all have the power to touch people’s lives for the better. Martin and Catherine do that every day. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 4651 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name from H.R. 4651. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Washington? There was no objection. 
f 
BLACK APRIL AND FALL OF SAIGON (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, this Saturday, April 30, marks 41 years since the fall of Saigon, commemo-rated as Black April in Vietnamese American communities across this Na-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.000 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2114 April 29, 2016 
I introduced a resolution in remem-brance of this event, and to honor the contributions and the sacrifices of Vi-etnamese Americans. In addition, this week, in front of my congressional office, I am flying the Vietnamese Heritage and Freedom Flag, as recognized by States and local-ities across this country. As we remember the fall of Saigon, I also believe it is critically important to continue to shine a light on human rights abuses in Vietnam. When President Obama visits Viet-nam next week, I hope he will make human rights a priority. Now is ex-actly the right time for Vietnam to begin respecting the rights of its own citizens. 
f 
AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because April is Autism Awareness Month. Autism is a condition that affects more than 3 million Americans and their families. Those living with au-tism spectrum disorders face chal-lenges on a daily basis. Though we have come a long way, much more must be done to ensure a high quality of life for all. Some of this work needs to happen right here in the United States Congress, but much of this work also needs to happen in our homes and in our communities. That is why, together with my Dis-ability Awareness Advisory Board, I have been fighting for greater accept-ance and understanding, working to en-sure that those with autism have greater access to education and em-ployment and have the place they de-serve within our community. One of the great organizations in Illi-nois’ 10th Congressional District is Lambs Farm. Those with develop-mental disabilities served by Lambs Farm are provided the opportunity to advance in all areas of life through ever-increasing residential, vocational, and recreational choices. Together, we are striving for a soci-ety where those living with autism and other disabilities are free to pursue their passions, receive a high-quality education, and have their unique gifts celebrated. 
f 
BOOSTING AMERICA’S EXPORTS ACT (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, for cor-porations with a boardroom full of law-yers and thousands of employees, ex-porting products is something they do every day. But for a small-business owner or startup entrepreneurs in places like Rockford, Galesburg, Peoria, or the Quad Cities, the deck is stacked against them on the global economic playing field. That is why today I introduced the Boosting America’s Export Act. It will help small- and medium-sized busi-nesses expand economic opportunity and create more good-paying American jobs. My bill will identify and assist small businesses that have the potential to sell the products in new markets. We already know that small busi-nesses create two out of every three jobs and, by building a business cli-mate that helps them grow and suc-ceed, we will strengthen working fami-lies across our Nation. I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand with me in this effort. f 
INVESTMENT SPURRED BY SOUND FIDUCIARY RULES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yester-day the House passed H.J. Res. 88, a measure to reject the Department of Labor’s misguided fiduciary rule. Just like ObamaCare gets between you and your doctor, this conflict-of- interest rule attempts to put Wash-ington between you and your financial adviser, insisting on a broad, onerous piece of regulation rather than a sim-ple solution based on best business practices that attracts plaintiff attor-neys and a bonanza of new lawsuits. Even State officials in New York, which is a Democratic stronghold, have proposed simpler solutions that inform consumers without burdening invest-ment businesses, if only the Depart-ment of Labor would listen. I implore the Senate to pass this measure and the President to listen to State officials, actual financial inves-tors, and small investors, who have de-veloped a better alternative, by signing this legislation into law and not sty-mieing investment for families and our economy. 
f 
LET’S DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, an Amer-ican is killed with a gun every 16 min-utes. And what is Congress’ response? Well, here is what we have become really good at. We have become really good at coming together for moments of silence. We do it every time there is a mass shooting. And, in 2015, there were 330 mass shootings. We ask: Why can’t we do more? And our response, the response too often, is: We don’t need to do anything else. There are plenty of laws on the books. Why don’t we enforce them? Well, the fact is that there is one thing we can do that is not on the books. We can re-quire that everyone who buys a gun has a background check. If you buy a gun in a store, you have to get a background check. But for gun shows, 100 gun shows a week, 5,200 gun shows a year, 5 million people traveling through those gun shows, there is no background check. There is no background check for the millions of Internet ads or classified ads. Let’s pass mandatory background checks to help keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. That is what we can do, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, there is too much at stake for us to continue to ignore this tragedy. It is time for Congress to act. f 
RURAL HEALTH ACT OF 2016 (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, last fall a hospital in my State closed its doors after years of being the only hospital within a 100-mile radius. Unlike in more populated communities, when a rural hospital closes, residents can be left with the frightening reality that emergency medical care and medical care services may be too far away. Sadly, this is not the only isolated incident. More than 30 percent of America’s rural hospitals are vulner-able to the conditions that may have caused the closure of 71 facilities in the last 6 years. The numbers increase each year, and we have to act now to pre-vent more families from losing their lifelines in times of emergency. That is why I am introducing the bi-partisan Rural Health Act of 2016. It will support existing rural hospitals by strengthening resources for State Of-fices of Rural Health and incentivize construction of new facilities for those communities in need. Our rural communities need our at-tention. We cannot let them down. 
f 
HEROIN AND OPIOID ADDICTION (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of those we have lost to heroin and opioid addic-tion. Another 30 people are likely to die today, another 30 lives lost on top of the thousands that we are losing each year to this epidemic. We have lost daughters and sons, fathers and moth-ers, sisters, brothers. Friends, ac-quaintances, and coworkers alike have lost their battles with addiction. Too often their deaths have been cloaked in the shadows. Obituaries re-main silent on the cause of death. For too long our society has viewed opioid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.002 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2115 April 29, 2016 
addiction as simply a moral failing rather than the treatable medical con-dition that it is. While opioid addiction may start with an excessive prescription or an in-discretion of youth, it ends with a sci-entifically understood, increasingly treatable, medical condition in which the biochemical pathways necessary to normal decisionmaking in the brain have been hijacked and the chemistry of the brain permanently altered. Heroin does not discriminate. It does not care if you are rich or poor, Black or White, a devoted mother, or a loving child. None of us are immune to its chemical grips. So today I pay my respects. Those who fall prey to opioids are worthy of being mourned. They are not forgotten. 
f 
WE NEED TO INVESTIGATE COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS (Mr. PITTS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, in 2010, the National Association of Community Health Centers stated: 
Federally-Qualified Health Centers do not provide abortions to any of their patients, and we are not aware of any that have ever done so. 
Remember last year we said we want-ed to give community health centers more money because they assured us that they didn’t do abortions? However, on Tuesday, April 26, this week, we learned that some health cen-ter clinics in New York have been per-forming abortions. The National Association of Commu-nity Health Centers has egregiously violated our trust. The fact that abor-tions are performed at these federally funded community health center clin-ics is astonishing. We put our confidence in them, as providers of life-affirming women’s health care, based on their commit-ment to not entangle such care with abortion. Abortion is not health care. Mr. Speaker, we need an investiga-tion into Community Health Centers to determine how many of their clinics are providing for, referring, or per-forming abortions, and the National Association of Community Health Cen-ters should expel this network of New York clinics from their association. 
f 
b0915 NATIONAL REENTRY WEEK (Ms. BASS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Reentry Week— reentry after an individual has paid their debt to society. Eighty-five per-cent of individuals who are incarcer-ated eventually get out, and we need to make sure that they have access to a well-paying job and quality education when they return home. Reentry programs work. Mr. Jerrel McCoy lives in south L.A. He is 45 years old and served 27 years in a Cali-fornia prison. Today Mr. McCoy works for SHIELDS for Families-Jericho Vo-cational Services, which works with formerly incarcerated individuals to help them secure and maintain em-ployment to avoid going back to pris-on. With the help of these reentry serv-ices, Mr. McCoy has purchased his first car and moved into an apartment. Ac-cording to Mr. McCoy, reentry pro-grams allowed him to apply skills de-veloped during his incarceration, and he learned that he has gifts and poten-tial. Today Mr. McCoy strives to offer these benefits to his clients. Reentry services are smart and just. f 
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 706, I call up the bill (H.R. 4901) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Act, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 706, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4901 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES IN ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Reauthorization Act’’ or the ‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES IN ACT.—Except as other-wise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to that section or other provision of the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10; sec. 38–1853.01 et seq., D.C. Offi-cial Code). 
SEC. 2. REPEAL. 
Section 817 of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113) is re-pealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such section is restored or re-vived as if such section had not been enacted into law. 
SEC. 3. PURPOSES. 
Section 3003 (sec. 38–1853.03, D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘particularly parents’’ and all that follows through ‘‘, with’’ and inserting ‘‘particularly parents of students who attend an elementary school or secondary school identified as one of the low-est-performing schools under the District of Columbia’s accountability system, with’’. 
SEC. 4. PROHIBITING IMPOSITION OF LIMITS ON TYPES OF ELIGIBLE STUDENTS PAR-TICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM. 
Section 3004(a) (sec. 38–1853.04(a), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITING IMPOSITION OF LIMITS ON  
ELIGIBLE STUDENTS PARTICIPATING IN THE PRO -
GRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram under this division, the Secretary may not limit the number of eligible students re-ceiving scholarships under section 3007(a), and may not prevent otherwise eligible stu-dents from participating in the program under this division, based on any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) The type of school the student pre-viously attended. ‘‘(ii) Whether or not the student previously received a scholarship or participated in the program, including whether an eligible stu-dent was awarded a scholarship in any pre-vious year but has not used the scholarship, regardless of the number of years of nonuse. ‘‘(iii) Whether or not the student was a member of the control group used by the In-stitute of Education Sciences to carry out previous evaluations of the program under section 3009. ‘‘(B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) may be construed to waive the requirement under section 3005(b)(1)(B) that the eligible entity carrying out the pro-gram under this Act must carry out a ran-dom selection process, which gives weight to the priorities described in section 3006, if more eligible students seek admission in the program than the program can accommo-date.’’. 
SEC. 5. REQUIRING ELIGIBLE ENTITIES TO UTI-LIZE INTERNAL FISCAL AND QUAL-ITY CONTROLS. 
Section 3005(b)(1) (sec. 38–1853.05(b)(1), D.C. Official Code) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘, ex-cept that a participating school may not be required to submit to more than 1 site visit per school year’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (K) and (L) as subparagraphs (L) and (M), respec-tively; (3) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) how the entity will ensure the finan-cial viability of participating schools in which 85 percent or more of the total number of students enrolled at the school are partici-pating eligible students that receive and use an opportunity scholarship;’’; (4) in subparagraph (L), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(N) how the eligible entity will ensure that it— ‘‘(i) utilizes internal fiscal and quality con-trols; and ‘‘(ii) complies with applicable financial re-porting requirements and the requirements of this division; and’’. 
SEC. 6. CLARIFICATION OF PRIORITIES FOR AWARDING SCHOLARSHIPS TO ELI-GIBLE STUDENTS. 
Section 3006(1) (sec. 38–1853.06(1), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘at-tended’’ and all that follows through the semicolon and inserting ‘‘attended an ele-mentary school or secondary school identi-fied as one of the lowest-performing schools under the District of Columbia’s account-ability system; and’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (B); (3) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (4) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or whether such stu-dents have, in the past, attended a private school;’’. 
SEC. 7. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR PARTICIPATING SCHOOLS AND ELI-GIBLE ENTITIES. 
(a) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ; COMPLI -
ANCE WITHREPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Sec- tion 3007(a)(4) (sec. 38–1853.07(a)(4), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.003 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2116 April 29, 2016 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by striking subparagraph (F) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(F) ensures that, with respect to core sub-ject matter, participating students are taught by a teacher who has a baccalaureate degree or equivalent degree, whether such degree was awarded in or outside of the United States;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) conducts criminal background checks on school employees who have direct and un-supervised interaction with students; and ‘‘(H) complies with all requests for data and information regarding the reporting re-quirements described in section 3010.’’. (b) A
CCREDITATION .—Section 3007(a) (sec. 38–1853.07(a), D.C. Official Code), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (5)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
CCREDITATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds pro-vided under this division for opportunity scholarships may be used by a participating eligible student to enroll in a participating private school unless the school— ‘‘(i) in the case of a school that is a partici-pating school as of the date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act— ‘‘(I) is fully accredited by an accrediting body described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 2202(16) of the District of Columbia School Reform Act of 1995 (Pub-lic Law 104–134; sec. 38–1802.02(16)(A)–(G), D.C. Official Code); or ‘‘(II) if such participating school does not meet the requirements of subclause (I)— ‘‘(aa) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), the school is pursuing full accreditation by an accrediting body described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) is fully accredited by such an accred-iting body not later than 5 years after the date on which that school began the process of pursuing full accreditation in accordance with item (aa); and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a school that is not a participating school as of the date of enact-ment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, is fully accredited by an accrediting body de-scribed in clause (i)(I) before becoming a par-ticipating school under this division. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enact-ment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, each participating school shall submit to the eli-gible entity a certification that the school has been fully accredited in accordance with subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) A
SSISTING STUDENTS IN ENROLLING IN  
OTHER SCHOOLS .—If a participating school fails to meet the requirements of this para-graph, the eligible entity shall assist the parents of the participating eligible students who attend the school in identifying, apply-ing to, and enrolling in another participating school under this division. ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF STUDENTS AWARDED A  
SCHOLARSHIP IN A PREVIOUS YEAR .—An eligi- ble entity shall treat a participating eligible student who was awarded an opportunity scholarship in any previous year and who has not used the scholarship as a renewal stu-dent and not as a new applicant, without re-gard as to— ‘‘(A) whether the eligible student has used the scholarship; and ‘‘(B) the year in which the scholarship was previously awarded.’’. (c) R
EQUIRING USE OF FUNDS REMAINING UN-
OBLIGATED FROMPREVIOUS FISCAL YEARS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 3007 (sec. 38– 1853.07, D.C. Official Code) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
EQUIRING USE OF FUNDS REMAINING  U
NOBLIGATED FROM PREVIOUS FISCAL  Y
EARS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that any funds appropriated for the opportunity schol-arship program under this division for any fiscal year remain available for subsequent fiscal years under section 3014(c), the Sec-retary shall make such funds available to el-igible entities receiving grants under section 3004(a) for the uses described in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) in the case of any remaining funds that were appropriated before the date of en-actment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, beginning on the date of enactment of such Act; and ‘‘(B) in the case of any remaining funds ap-propriated on or after the date of enactment of such Act, by the first day of the first sub-sequent fiscal year. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—If an eligible entity to which the Secretary provided additional funds under paragraph (1) elects to use such funds during a fiscal year, the eligible entity shall use— ‘‘(A) not less than 95 percent of such addi-tional funds to provide additional scholar-ships for eligible students under section 3007(a), or to increase the amount of the scholarships, during such year; and ‘‘(B) not more than a total of 5 percent of such additional funds for administrative ex-penses, parental assistance, or tutoring, as described in subsections (b) and (c), during such year. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any amounts made available for administrative expenses, paren-tal assistance, or tutoring under paragraph (2)(B) shall be in addition to any other amounts made available for such purposes in accordance with subsections (b) and (c).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (d) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES AND PARENTAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 3007 (sec. 38–1853.07, D.C. Official Code), as amended by this section, is further amend-ed— (1) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES AND PAREN -
TALASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall make $2,000,000 of the amount made available under section 3014(a)(1) for each fiscal year available to eligible entities receiving a grant under section 3004(a) to cover the fol-lowing expenses: ‘‘(1) The administrative expenses of car-rying out its program under this division during the year, including— ‘‘(A) determining the eligibility of stu-dents to participate; ‘‘(B) selecting the eligible students to re-ceive scholarships; ‘‘(C) determining the amount of the schol-arships and issuing the scholarships to eligi-ble students; ‘‘(D) compiling and maintaining financial and programmatic records; ‘‘(E) conducting site visits as described in section 3005(b)(1)(I); and ‘‘(F)(i) conducting a study, including a sur-vey of participating parents, on any barriers for participating eligible students in gaining admission to, or attending, the participating school that is their first choice; and ‘‘(ii) not later than the end of the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, submitting a re-port to Congress that contains the results of such study. ‘‘(2) The expenses of educating parents about the eligible entity’s program under this division, and assisting parents through the application process under this division, including— ‘‘(A) providing information about the pro-gram and the participating schools to par-ents of eligible students, including informa-tion on supplemental financial aid that may be available at participating schools; ‘‘(B) providing funds to assist parents of students in meeting expenses that might otherwise preclude the participation of eligi-ble students in the program; and ‘‘(C) streamlining the application process for parents.’’; and (2) by redesignating subsection (d), and subsection (e) (as added by subsection (c)(1)), as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. (e) CLARIFICATION OF USE OF FUNDS FOR  S
TUDENT ACADEMIC ASSISTANCE .—Section 3007(c) (sec. 38–1853.07(c), D.C. Official Code), as redesignated by subsection (d)(2), is amended by striking ‘‘previously attended’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘previously attended an elementary school or secondary school identified as one of the lowest-performing schools under the District of Columbia’s ac-countability system.’’. 
SEC. 8. PROGRAM EVALUATION. 
(a) R EVISION OF EVALUATION PROCEDURES  
ANDREQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3009(a) (sec. 38– 1853.09(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY AND THE  
MAYOR .—The Secretary and the Mayor of the District of Columbia shall— ‘‘(A) jointly enter into an agreement with the Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education to evaluate annu-ally the opportunity scholarship program under this division; ‘‘(B) jointly enter into an agreement to monitor and evaluate the use of funds au-thorized and appropriated for the District of Columbia public schools and the District of Columbia public charter schools under this division; and ‘‘(C) make the evaluations described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) public in accord-ance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary, through a grant, contract, or cooper-ative agreement, shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that the evaluation under paragraph (1)(A)— ‘‘(i) is conducted using an acceptable quasi- experimental research design for deter-mining the effectiveness of the opportunity scholarship program under this division that does not use a control study group consisting of students who applied for but did not re-ceive opportunity scholarships; and ‘‘(ii) addresses the issues described in para-graph (4); and ‘‘(B) disseminate information on the im-pact of the program— ‘‘(i) in increasing academic achievement and educational attainment of participating eligible students who use an opportunity scholarship; and ‘‘(ii) on students and schools in the Dis-trict of Columbia. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES OF THE INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION  
SCIENCES .—The Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education shall— ‘‘(A) assess participating eligible students who use an opportunity scholarship in each of grades 3 through 8, as well as one of the grades at the high school level, by super-vising the administration of the same read-ing and mathematics assessment used by the District of Columbia public schools to com-ply with section 1111(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.001 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2117 April 29, 2016 
‘‘(B) measure the academic achievement of all participating eligible students who use an opportunity scholarship in the grades de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) work with eligible entities receiving a grant under this division to ensure that the parents of each student who is a partici-pating eligible student that uses an oppor-tunity scholarship agrees to permit their child to participate in the evaluations and assessments carried out by the Institute of Education Sciences under this subsection. ‘‘(4) I
SSUES TO BE EVALUATED .—The issues to be evaluated under paragraph (1)(A) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A comparison of the academic achievement of participating eligible stu-dents who use an opportunity scholarship on the measurements described in paragraph (3)(B) to the academic achievement of a com-parison group of students with similar back-grounds in the District of Columbia public schools. ‘‘(B) The success of the program under this division in expanding choice options for par-ents of participating eligible students and increasing the satisfaction of such parents and students with their choice. ‘‘(C) The reasons parents of participating eligible students choose for their children to participate in the program, including impor-tant characteristics for selecting schools. ‘‘(D) A comparison of the retention rates, high school graduation rates, college enroll-ment rates, college persistence rates, and college graduation rates of participating eli-gible students who use an opportunity schol-arship with the rates of students in the com-parison group described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(E) A comparison of the college enroll-ment rates, college persistence rates, and college graduation rates of students who par-ticipated in the program in 2004, 2005, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015 as the result of win-ning the Opportunity Scholarship Program lottery with such enrollment, persistence, and graduation rates for students who en-tered but did not win such lottery in those years and who, as a result, served as the con-trol group for previous evaluations of the program under this division. Nothing in this subparagraph may be construed to waive sec-tion 3004(a)(3)(A)(iii) with respect to any such student. ‘‘(F) A comparison of the safety of the schools attended by participating eligible students who use an opportunity scholarship and the schools in the District of Columbia attended by students in the comparison group described in subparagraph (A), based on the perceptions of the students and par-ents. ‘‘(G) An assessment of student academic achievement at participating schools in which 85 percent of the total number of stu-dents enrolled at the school are participating eligible students who receive and use an op-portunity scholarship. ‘‘(H) Such other issues with respect to par-ticipating eligible students who use an op-portunity scholarship as the Secretary con-siders appropriate for inclusion in the eval-uation, such as the impact of the program on public elementary schools and secondary schools in the District of Columbia. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITING DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL  
INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any disclosure of per-sonally identifiable information obtained under this division shall be in compliance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g). ‘‘(B) S
TUDENTS NOT ATTENDING PUBLIC  
SCHOOLS .—With respect to any student who is not attending a public elementary school or secondary school, personally identifiable information obtained under this division shall only be disclosed to— ‘‘(i) individuals carrying out the evalua-tion described in paragraph (1)(A) for such student; ‘‘(ii) the group of individuals providing in-formation for carrying out the evaluation of such student; and ‘‘(iii) the parents of such student.’’. (2) TRANSITION OF EVALUATION .— (A) T
ERMINATION OF PREVIOUS EVALUA -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Education shall— (i) terminate the evaluations conducted under section 3009(a) of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (sec. 38– 1853.09(a), D.C. Official Code), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, after obtaining data for the 2016–2017 school year; and (ii) submit any reports required for the 2016–2017 school year or preceding years with respect to the evaluations in accordance with section 3009(b) of such Act. (B) N
EW EVALUATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning with respect to the 2017–2018 school year, the Sec-retary shall conduct new evaluations in ac-cordance with the provisions of section 3009(a) of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (sec. 38–1853.09(a), D.C. Offi-cial Code), as amended by this Act. (ii) M
OST RECENT EVALUATION .—As a com-ponent of the new evaluations described in clause (i), the Secretary shall continue to monitor and evaluate the students who were evaluated in the most recent evaluation under such section prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act, including by monitoring and evaluating the test scores and other in-formation of such students. (b) D
UTY OF MAYOR TOENSURE INSTITUTE  H
ASALLINFORMATION NECESSARY TOCARRY  O
UTEVALUATIONS .—Section 3011(a)(1) (sec. 38–1853.11(a)(1), D.C. Official Code) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION NECESSARY TO CARRY OUT  
EVALUATIONS .—Ensure that all District of Columbia public schools and District of Co-lumbia public charter schools make avail-able to the Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education all of the in-formation the Institute requires to carry out the assessments and perform the evaluations required under section 3009(a).’’. 
SEC. 9. FUNDING FOR DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
(a) M ANDATORY WITHHOLDING OF FUNDS FOR  F
AILURE TOCOMPLY WITHCONDITIONS .—Sec- tion 3011(b) (sec. 38–1853.11(b), D.C. Official Code) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) E
NFORCEMENT .—If, after reasonable notice and an opportunity for a hearing, the Secretary determines that the Mayor has failed to comply with any of the require-ments of subsection (a), the Secretary may withhold from the Mayor, in whole or in part— ‘‘(1) the funds otherwise authorized to be appropriated under section 3014(a)(2), if the failure to comply relates to the District of Columbia public schools; ‘‘(2) the funds otherwise authorized to be appropriated under section 3014(a)(3), if the failure to comply relates to the District of Columbia public charter schools; or ‘‘(3) the funds otherwise authorized to be appropriated under both paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 3014(a), if the failure relates to both the District of Columbia public schools and the District of Columbia public charter schools.’’. (b) R
ULES FOR USE OF FUNDS PROVIDED FOR  S
UPPORT OF PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS .—Sec- tion 3011 (sec. 38–1853.11, D.C. Official Code), as amended by section 7(b) and section 8(a), is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) SPECIFIC RULES REGARDING FUNDS  P
ROVIDED FOR SUPPORT OF PUBLIC CHARTER  S
CHOOLS .—The following rules shall apply with respect to the funds provided under this division for the support of District of Colum-bia public charter schools: ‘‘(1) The Secretary may direct the funds provided for any fiscal year, or any portion thereof, to the Office of the State Super-intendent of Education of the District of Co-lumbia. ‘‘(2) The Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia may transfer the funds to subgrantees that are— ‘‘(A) specific District of Columbia public charter schools or networks of such schools; or ‘‘(B) District of Columbia-based nonprofit organizations with experience in successfully providing support or assistance to District of Columbia public charter schools or networks of such schools. ‘‘(3) The funds provided under this division for the support of District of Columbia pub-lic charter schools shall be available to any District of Columbia public charter school in good standing with the District of Columbia Charter School Board, and the Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia and the District of Co-lumbia Charter School Board may not re-strict the availability of such funds to cer-tain types of schools on the basis of the school’s location, governing body, or the school’s facilities.’’. 
SEC. 10. REVISION OF CURRENT MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING. 
Not later than the beginning of the 2017– 2018 school year, the Secretary of Education and the Mayor of the District of Columbia shall revise the memorandum of under-standing which is in effect under section 3012(d) of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act as of the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to address the following: (1) The amendments made by this Act. (2) The need to ensure that participating schools under the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act meet fire code stand-ards and maintain certificates of occupancy. (3) The need to ensure that District of Co-lumbia public schools and District of Colum-bia public charter schools meet the require-ments under such Act to comply with all reasonable requests for information nec-essary to carry out the evaluations required under section 3009(a) of such Act. 
SEC. 11. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3013 (sec. 38–1853.13, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (10) as paragraphs (2) through (11), respec-tively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated by paragraph (1), the following: ‘‘(1) C
ORE SUBJECT MATTER .—The term ‘core subject matter’ means— ‘‘(A) mathematics; ‘‘(B) science; and ‘‘(C) English, reading, or language arts.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(B)(ii), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘household with a’’ before ‘‘student’’. 
SEC. 12. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3014 (sec. 38– 1853.14, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and for each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years’’ and in-serting ‘‘and for each fiscal year through fis-cal year 2021’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated under subsection (a)(1), including amounts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.001 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2118 April 29, 2016 
appropriated and available under such sub-section before the date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, shall remain available until expended.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)(2) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, the amend-ments made by this Act shall apply with re-spect to school year 2017–2018 and each suc-ceeding school year. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4901. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We are here to pass an important bill, Mr. Speaker. This bill is H.R. 4901, known as the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Reauthorization Act, or SOAR. The SOAR Act continues a three-sec-tor approach to education within the District of Columbia. The bill provides equal funding to D.C. public schools, D.C. public charter schools, and the Op-portunity Scholarship Program which is commonly known as the OSP. The OSP provides scholarships to students of low-income families, many of whom would otherwise attend low- performing schools. This program is bringing about educational opportuni-ties to those who need it most. Now, to some, this may sound famil-iar because in October of last year, we considered H.R. 10, also a bill to reau-thorize the SOAR Act. But H.R. 4901 is very similar to H.R. 10; however, after H.R. 10 passed the House, changes were made to it through a bipartisan nego-tiation with the Senate. These changes actually strengthened the bill, and we are pleased to support this today. The new bill brings greater trans-parency and accountability to the OSP through increased reporting require-ments. The new bill strengthens ac-creditation requirements, and the new bill clarifies congressional intent around the use of carryover funds and access to the OSP. Out of a commit-ment to regular order and the under-standing of how important this legisla-tion is, we wanted Members to have the opportunity to debate and vote on these changes, which we did in our committee, and it passed out of our committee. Thus, we introduced H.R. 4901. We improved the legislation, and now we are bringing it before the Chamber in an effort to pass the bill in its best possible form. I hope the House will see the value of this bill as it benefits fam-ilies in the District, specifically low-in-come families in the District of Colum-bia. The average income of a family with an OSP student is $22,000 per year. Let me say that again. The average income of a family with an OSP student is $22,000. This program offers these fami-lies more than just a scholarship, it is a lifeline. One OSP parent went so far as to describe the OSP as her salvation. Mr. Speaker, the OSP is working. In the 2014–2015 school year, OSP students had a graduation rate of 90 percent. Ninety percent graduation rate. That should indicate to a lot of people that this thing is working. That is well above the national average of 82 per-cent and is certainly better than the average within the D.C. public schools, which is only about 64 percent. However, I would be remiss if I did not note that the D.C. public schools increased their graduation rate 6 per-centage points from 2014 to 2015, and we applaud that and hope that continues. That is in part because this three-sec-tor approach is actually working. Opponents of the SOAR Act want to stop this legislation because they dis-agree with the OSP for purely ideolog-ical reasons. In fact, opponents, just like their supporters, know that OSP students do as well, if not better, on every measure compared to the public school counterparts. Opponents will likely even support allowing current OSP students to remain in the program until they finish high school. If the OSP is so bad, though, it makes no sense to allow children to re-main in it. The truth is that the pro-gram works, and we should reauthorize it so it can work for even more chil-dren. Unfortunately, opponents of the OSP will seek to end the entire three- sector approach in an effort to simply stop the OSP. I do want to note that the Wash-ington, D.C., Mayor, the D.C. Council chairman, and seven other members of the D.C. Council sent a letter to the congressional leadership urging the re-authorization of this program. The Mayor and a majority of the D.C. Coun-cil recognize the value of this legisla-tion and are asking that we stand with them and not forsake the children of the District of Columbia. A March 2016 letter signed by the Mayor and 8 of the 13 Members of the D.C. Council supporting the SOAR Act will be entered into the R
ECORD . The letter states: ‘‘These funds are critical to the gains that the District’s public education system has seen in recent years.’’ It goes on to note how important the SOAR Act has been in maintaining and recruiting quality teachers and prin-cipals. District officials show strong support for this legislation, as does the Washington, D.C., community. We are thrilled to have found com-mon ground on this bill, and I welcome the District’s support. I thank them for their valuable work in getting this leg-islation to this point. I am also excited that the SOAR Act is supported by the Washington Post. I will be inserting in the RECORD a position they took on March 14, 2016, to that effect. Mr. Speaker, the SOAR Act’s purpose is to improve education within the Dis-trict, and I believe it is doing just that within public schools, charter schools, and the OSPs. It is providing families with a valuable choice, and it is allow-ing them to escape other situations that would not be nearly as conducive to their families. I don’t understand why the critics of the OSP are so opposed to the program, especially since it produces graduation rates far above the national average. This feat is even more notable when you realize that the OSP achieves bet-ter graduation rates than D.C. public schools at only two-thirds of the cost, so you get better graduation rates, and it is two-thirds of the cost of D.C. pub-lic schools. I recognize the importance of our public education system and the need for public school improvement. That is why the legislation also authorizes funds for public education. We must recognize the reality before us. This past year, D.C. eighth graders had the lowest test scores in the Nation in math and reading, some of the most critical skills that they need to be suc-cessful in life. While D.C. public schools have made progress, clearly, much remains to be done. Mr. Speaker, students within the Dis-trict should not have to wait for these changes to come about. They deserve an alternative, a quality education, and they deserve it now. Let’s work to improve public education in the Dis-trict, but let’s not hold back current students while those improvements happen. Let’s allow them every oppor-tunity available, such as an oppor-tunity scholarship. We are here today to debate a bill that works in every way to further the educational outcomes of Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, also let me just take a personal note to thank Speaker Boeh-ner for his passion on this issue. For years he has championed this. He has done it in his private time, he did it in his public life, he did it as a Member of Congress, and he did it as the Speaker of the House. This was his. He cham-pioned this. It has been successful, and I am glad to carry the baton and make sure that there is school choice within Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as a mother, I believe parents should seize any and every edu-cational opportunity available to their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.001 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2119 April 29, 2016 
children, so I certainly have no criti-cism of my own constituents who have seized this opportunity. In fact, in order to avoid disruption of the edu-cation of the current voucher students, I believe they should be allowed to re-main in the program until high school graduation, and President Obama has offered a compromise to allow them to do so. Consideration of this bill surely is unprecedented. Until today, I had never seen the House vote on virtually the same bill a second time in the same Congress, and that is about to happen here. The House, acted in October. Why is this House acting redundantly again? Shouldn’t the focus be on the Republican-led Senate where neither this bill—which is virtually the same as the bill that was passed before—nor its Senate companion has moved? Last December, the Senate com-mittee of jurisdiction canceled a sched-uled markup of the bill to protect Re-publicans from this bill and especially from the civil rights amendments that had been proposed to the bill. Just last month, Chairman C
HAFFETZ himself— who is the chairman of the authorizing committee, and the subcommittee—re-quested that the bill be included in the upcoming—the upcoming—2017 appro-priation bill because the chairman, knows that legislation on an appropria-tion is how this bill is going to be passed. The problem is that there is little congressional support for vouchers ex-cept for vouchers in the District of Co-lumbia, where nobody can vote for any-body except this Member. Congress has refused to create a national voucher program. Just last year during reau-thorization of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act, both the House and the Senate voted on several na-tional voucher amendments, and each failed. So you see, they don’t want vouchers in their own districts. Moreover, the Congress has never au-thorized the D.C. voucher program in the light of day. When Congress first created the program in 2004, and then reauthorized it in 2011, it did so by add-ing the voucher bill as riders to appro-priations bills. And to protect Repub-lican Senators running for reelection this year, that is what is going to hap-pen again. The Senate has never passed a standalone D.C. vouchers bill, and yet it is being reauthorized now for the third time. In this Congress alone, Republicans have introduced legislation to overturn D.C.’s gun safety laws, its laws on re-productive health, its laws on non-discrimination, its laws on marijuana, on labor, on immigration, and on edu-cation. It is, therefore, ironic to hear Republicans favorably cite the support of some D.C. government officials for passage of this bill. Now, let me explain that because I don’t want my colleagues to get away with mischaracterizing the position of the D.C. government on the bill before us today. When the House voted this bill last year, a majority of the D.C. Council wrote to Congress opposed to this voucher program. Last month, however, fearing the loss of $40 million for public and charter schools, a bare majority wrote in support of this bill. You can’t blame them. I must say though, I am being hoist-ed on my own petard here. Ironically, the funding for public schools and pub-lic charter schools exists only because during the creation of the voucher pro-gram, I repeatedly said that funding for public and charter schools was the preference of D.C. residents. To his ev-erlasting credit, the then-Archbishop of Washington then insisted that public and charter schools also receive fund-ing in conjunction with the voucher funding. The D.C. Mayor and a bare majority this year of the council sent a carefully crafted letter supporting this bill be-cause they knew they were writing for the residents of the District of Colum-bia who do not support vouchers. Their letter did not support the voucher pro-gram itself, but referred only to the bill’s public and charter school fund-ing. b0930 Those who signed the letter, by the way, were even more concerned that the Congress, instead, could pass the radical Cruz-Meadows bill, which would permit D.C. students to use local funds, commandeer local funds, from the D.C. treasury to pay for private schools. City officials recognized—and who can blame them—that Republicans have conditioned reauthorization of the public and charter school funding on reauthorization of the voucher fund-ing. I understand their concern about losing public and charter school fund-ing because it has been part of the city’s education budget for a decade. There is, of course, no reason for a unique Federal voucher program in the District of Columbia, in particular. Ac-cording to the study of the program’s effectiveness mandated by Congress, by statute, the D.C. voucher program has failed in its stated purpose. That pur-pose was to improve academic achieve-ment. The voucher program has not improved academic achievement, as measured by math and reading test scores of students overall or of stu-dents the program prioritized from low-performing public schools. Republicans, rightly, were dis-appointed with these results, so guess what they did. Instead of getting rid of a failed program, they simply changed the evaluation. The prior reauthoriza-tions required the program’s evalua-tion to be ‘‘conducted using the strong-est possible research designed,’’ and a randomized controlled trial—the gold standard—was therefore used. It is almost laughable when some-body changes the test in order to pass it. In contrast, this bill requires the evaluation to be conducted—this time—using an acceptable—that means any acceptable—‘‘quasi-experimental research design’’ and expressly pro-hibits the randomized controlled trial that was mandated before. This dishonesty is transparent, Mr. Speaker. As researchers conducting an evaluation of the program point out, a randomized controlled study ‘‘is espe-cially important in the context of school choice because families wanting to apply for a choice program may have educational goals and aspirations that differ from the average family.’’ The voucher program is also unneces-sary. The District of Columbia has an unusually robust public school choice system, and it is available to every stu-dent. Now, I would wager that the Dis-trict’s choice system is the best in the Nation, and here is what it is. Almost 50 percent of our children go to charter schools. Those charter schools were authorized when I worked with Speaker Newt Gingrich to allow charter schools instead of vouchers to be the District’s alternative school sys-tem. For the public schools, 75 percent of our children attend out-of-boundary public schools that they have chosen. So I ask any Member who has public choice that robust to make himself known during this debate. The D.C. voucher program also ex-empts students from protection of Fed-eral civil rights laws that apply to pub-lic and federally funded programs. Under the voucher program, the Fed-eral funding is considered assistance to the voucher student and not to the school, apparently in order to avoid these important mandates for our schools. Therefore, the program is not considered a federally funded program, although the money comes from Fed-eral funds. This program is exempt from title IV and title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, from title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, from the Equal Educational Opportunities Act of 1974, the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and titles II and III of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Everybody knows that this program is going to be reauthorized as a rider on an appropriations bill, which is how the D.C. vouchers bill has always been enacted, in 2004 and again in 2011. This is a masquerade here this morn-ing. I am sorry Members had to be held over. This could have been taken care of yesterday. Even if the bill is not re-authorized, however, everyone expects that Republicans will continue to fund the three sectors, as they have always done. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is correct that the Republicans have con-tinued to fund the three-sector ap-proach in Washington, D.C., and I am proud of that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), the chairman of the Republican Policy Committee. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4901, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.007 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2120 April 29, 2016 
Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Reauthorization Act. I want to commend Chairman C
HAFFETZ for his work on this impor-tant policy and for continuing the leg-acy of former Speaker Boehner on this important issue. Make no mistake about it, thousands of kids have access to the American Dream because of Speaker Boehner’s dedication to the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program and education choice across the country. I met one of those students in Feb-ruary during a hearing on Capitol Hill. Her name was Denisha Merriweather. Denisha provided some powerful testi-mony that I will not soon forget. She spoke of being locked in a failing school, and she said: ‘‘When I was growing up, college was a dream that I didn’t even know that I had, and if it weren’t for an educational option Flor-ida gave me 12 years ago, I wouldn’t be here today.’’ Ms. Merriweather is the first in her family to graduate from high school and college, and she is now attending graduate school. That is powerful stuff, and it is just one example of the thou-sands of young people in America whose lives have been changed by school choice. As chairman of the Congressional School Choice Caucus, I believe every child in America deserves the same kind of opportunity that Denisha had. But right now, for the majority of stu-dents in this country, real educational choice only exists if you can afford it. Ask yourself this question: If your local school is failing your child and you can’t afford to move and you can’t afford to pay for private school, what options do you really have? Make no mistake about it, that is the truth for thousands of key people here in Washington, D.C., and, frankly, all across the country. They are locked in a failing school that is failing their child, and they can’t afford to move and they can’t afford to pay for a pri-vate school. They are stuck. That is why school choice and the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program matters. Programs like D.C. OSP em-power parents to choose the best edu-cational environment for their child, regardless of their income, their ZIP Code, or their lot in life. And despite some of the rhetoric on the other side of the aisle, this program takes zero dollars from D.C. Public Schools—zero dollars. Yet D.C. OSP has a big impact on D.C. students. In fact, the program lets more than 6,000 students attend the school that gives them the best op-portunity to succeed. And even better, an incredible 90 percent—90 percent—of D.C. OSP students graduate from high school on time, an incredible success. It turns out that empowering parents and empowering students works. We have miles to go before every kid in America has access to a great school. This issue is far bigger than just D.C. schools. But today’s bill will ensure that thousands of kids in Washington, D.C., have an opportunity, and every one of those kids matter. This bill is worthy of our support. I ask my colleagues for their support. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman is so concerned about the millions of parents who can’t afford to send their children to private schools, his caucus had the perfect opportunity this year, because they have such a strong majority, to, in fact, pass voucher amendments, and they refused to do so for their own schools. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ), my friend. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from the District of Columbia for yielding. I rise in opposition to H.R. 4901. Contrary to its title and contrary to what you just heard, this voucher pro-gram for schoolchildren in the District of Columbia has neither expanded op-portunities nor delivered results for those students and their families. It has actually proven to be an unwise and unwelcome use of tax dollars, which ought to be of great concern to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Yet, rather than call for in-creased scrutiny, they are forcing the House to once again vote on a bill on which this Chamber has already acted. In successive reports on the effective-ness of this program, the Department of Education has determined that stu-dents using these vouchers saw no sta-tistically significant improvement in their overall achievement in math or reading—none. In addition, the Department found that both parents and students from schools in need of improvement, the program’s intended beneficiaries, re-ported that their experience with the voucher program did not—not—im-prove their level of satisfaction with the education system or the education they were receiving. I also find it extremely cynical that this reauthorization would weaken the very reporting requirements that have shown this program to be ineffective. When you don’t like the findings, I guess we suppress them. Further, the Government Account-ability Office has cited the program for not having sufficient financial controls and accountability measures, some-thing I thought we favored. For exam-ple, the D.C. Children and Youth In-vestment Trust Corporation, which ad-ministers the program, repeatedly failed to comply with statutory finan-cial reporting deadlines, and its ‘‘poli-cies and procedures lack detail in sev-eral areas related to school compliance and financial accounting’’ to ensure Federal tax dollars are being used in accordance with the law. Mr. Speaker, I also hope the great irony of this legislation is not lost on my colleagues. Those who claim to sup-port the conservative principles of small government would again author-ize $60 million in taxpayer subsidies for a program that has failed to meet ex-pectations for both educational achievement and financial stewardship. I guess there are carve-outs for our ide-ological favorites. Further, self-proclaimed states’ rights conservatives are once again willing to impose the will of Congress on a local government—the District of Columbia—and they do it because they can. So much for Big Brother; so much for telling somebody we know best. Finally, I want to remind my friends on the other side of the aisle of the principles they espoused just last year when we worked in bipartisan fashion to pass legislation reforming No Child Left Behind. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. Mr. CONNOLLY. In their own explan-atory material for the Every Student Succeeds Act, Republicans say the new reforms are intended to restore local control by returning responsibility for accountability and school improve-ment to State and local leaders. Why doesn’t that apply here? Another ideo-logical carve-out, Mr. Speaker. Congress has no business imposing its will on the schools and families of the District of Columbia in this fash-ion. They are not guinea pigs for our ideological favorites. b0945 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. K
LINE), the chairman of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Mr. KLINE. I thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, which will renew our vital invest-ment in the children who live in the District of Columbia. In passing the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act last year, we took important steps to support and encourage greater school choice for students and their families. These reforms empower par-ents to do what is best for their chil-dren’s education, and they help ensure that all children are able to receive the excellent education they deserve re-gardless of their family’s background, income, or ZIP Code. Helping students escape failing schools so they can pur-sue brighter futures is an important priority, and that is exactly what the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program does for children in our Nation’s Cap-ital. For more than 10 years now, the pro-gram has enabled thousands of stu-dents to pursue the quality education necessary to excel both in the class-room and later in life—and excel they do. In fact, last year, 90 percent of 12th graders who received a scholarship through the program graduated from high school, and nearly 90 percent of them, Mr. Speaker, went on to pursue college degrees. The traditional D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.006 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2121 April 29, 2016 
public school system can make no such claim. These are very impressive re-sults. Despite the claims of those who oppose these schools for, apparently, purely ideological, partisan reasons, with results like these—90 percent graduate, and 90 percent of those go on to college—it makes those claims that these schools are not performing well, frankly, laughable. This legislation also authorizes sup-port for D.C. public schools, and it will provide critical resources for its char-ter schools. I agree with the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia that the public charter schools in the District are performing well. They are giving some hope to mothers and fa-thers and grandmothers and grand-fathers that their children will have a chance in life. I am very proud of those public charter schools. There are also parents—Presidents of the United States and so forth—who choose to send their kids to private schools, and that opportunity ought to exist for more children—for more students—in the District of Columbia. That is what the Opportunity Scholarship Program does. It provides another chance—an-other avenue, another road to hope— for children in our Nation’s Capital. Together, these measures are work-ing to improve the traditional public schools that are struggling and that are still, too often, failing students— which is why there is a waiting line to get into charter schools and into pri-vate schools—and will make a positive impact in the lives of students across the District and will create much-need-ed educational opportunities for these children. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want the gentleman from Min-nesota to know that there are waiting lines in the District of Columbia to get into many D.C. public schools and, of course, into many charter schools. We also know nothing about the schools that tell us 90 percent of their children graduate because this House has no in-formation on them. What we do know is that the randomized study took chil-dren in D.C. public schools and com-pared them to students at exactly the same levels in the voucher schools—no difference in overall achievement. That is how we measure achievement in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4901, which would reauthorize the D.C. voucher program, known as the D.C. Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program, through 2021. We don’t spend enough money on education, so it is hard to justify di-verting scarce public resources in order to finance private school education for a handful of students at the expense of the vast majority who attend public schools. Instead, we should focus our limited public resources on initiatives that improve education for all of our children. This is the promise of a pub-lic school education in the United States, but the voucher programs un-dermine that promise while hiding be-hind the guise of school choice for stu-dents in need. There are about 50 participating schools in the Washington, D.C., Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program, but more than half of all of the participants are enrolled in just eight schools. Most of the schools in the program have higher tuition than the voucher covers, lim-iting the utility of the voucher and shifting the cost of education to the families that can’t afford it—essen-tially, denying the opportunity to stu-dents whose families cannot afford the remainder of the tuition. Federal dol-lars are being provided to a small num-ber of parents who can afford the choice and to others with students who are already enrolled in private schools when that money could have been used for our public school systems. Although there are a few who can participate in the program, as the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia said, the results are disappointing. Research consistently demonstrates that the D.C. voucher program is an in-effective program that does not in-crease achievement. The four reports produced by the Department of Edu-cation found no improvement in read-ing and math after entering the vouch-er program for students coming from the most struggling D.C. public schools, nor did they find any statis-tically significant difference in math and reading academic performance from D.C. public schools. On average, Mr. Speaker, these schools are, at best, average. When you cite statistics that say some may be doing well, you have to take into consideration that these are children from families who are very supportive of their children and that they would be doing well whether they were in the voucher program or not. In addition to the disappointing re-sults, we also found the voucher par-ticipants were less likely to have ac-cess to English language programs, special education supports, counselors, and other vital supports that ensure that all students remain on the path of academic success. If the schools are not producing the promised results, why are we providing them with unrestricted Federal dol-lars? Mr. Speaker, we could have improved the bill. We have a closed rule, so amendments were not allowed, but there were several amendments that should have been considered that I had offered. One would have protected the civil rights of students at schools that receive vouchers by requiring schools to certify that they provide each stu-dent with applicable civil rights pro-tections. Another would have required any school receiving funds under this program to comply with the same Fed-eral data and reporting requirements that all public schools or other schools receiving Federal money have to pro-vide. All of our congressional districts provide this information, but, unfortu-nately, it is not required under the voucher program. Mr. Speaker, if we are going to spend $20 million to fund education in the District of Columbia, we ought to use it to improve education for everyone, not just for a few. This bill uses the money to help a few parents by sub-sidizing tuition in private schools, which many were already attending, at the expense of many, and it extends a program that fails to actually improve the education for students in Wash-ington, D.C. I join the gentlewoman from the Dis-trict of Columbia in opposing this leg-islation. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, the graduation rate in the D.C. public schools is 64 percent. The graduation rate at the OSP program is 90 percent. Those are results, and they are worth every penny. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ), a member of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, there are few times in this House that we can see an immediate impact from legislation. A few months ago, I remember meeting some families who were given a choice in the SOAR Act. I remember seeing the pride in their faces, but what I re-member most was the hope they had— a hope that was new, a new hope in the future. America has always been about opportunity. The SOAR Act does ex-actly what it says in its title—Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Act. The SOAR Act is impacting lives today, but it is changing lives forever. Upward mobility starts with a strong education. It reminds me of my back-ground in working with some gospel music arrangers. I was surprised at the high volume of sales in this particular industry, and one of the arrangers summed it up this way. He said: ‘‘Mark, ain’t nobody likes it but the people.’’ To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who oppose the SOAR Act and who oppose parents in having this op-portunity, let me say this: Ain’t no-body likes it but the people. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 10 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Utah has 16 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Public schools in the United States and big cities are improving, and it should be noted that the D.C. Public Schools district continues to be the fastest improving urban school district 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.009 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2122 April 29, 2016 
in the United States, according to data released from the 2015 Trial Urban Dis-trict Assessment. These schools de-serve support. They are improving test scores unlike the voucher schools. In comparing the randomized study of those who wanted the voucher and didn’t get it and who remained in the District public school system with those who wanted the voucher and got it, there was no difference in their math and English scores. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Will the gen-tlewoman yield? Ms. NORTON. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on that point, if you select students from families who can afford the tui-tion and who are very supportive of their students, is it a surprise that they may do better in graduation rates than the average? Ms. NORTON. In reclaiming my time, the gentleman has brought up a very important point. By the way, some of the students who accept this voucher are already in the private schools, so they already could obviously afford the program. They are already attending the voucher schools, and they have now gotten vouchers. If you have some free Federal money, let me have some. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Would they be expected to do better, with their supportive families, than the average? Ms. NORTON. In reclaiming my time, I think they would be because they have families behind them, and they are being compared with students who often do not. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. The gentle-woman pointed out that, with the ran-domized studies, there was no dif-ference in the public schools and the voucher programs. Those studies are the conclusion of vigorous research that there was no difference; is that right? Ms. NORTON. In reclaiming my time, there was no difference, and yet im-proving academic performance was a stated reason for the voucher program. I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my col-leagues in opposing the reauthorization of the D.C. voucher program. Public schools are the foundation of the American education system. They represent a duty we have to provide every student in every community with an education that helps them re-alize their full potential. Vouchers pre-vent us from fulfilling that duty by re-directing taxpayer money away from our public schools, which are already underfunded, and into private institu-tions that do not open their doors to every child. As with previous versions of the SOAR Act, this bill does nothing to en-sure that students with disabilities have access to private schools. It also discriminates against low-income fami-lies. In 64 percent of the participating D.C. schools, the tuition costs more than the voucher can cover, which, ef-fectively, excludes families who cannot afford to pay the difference. Even stu-dents who can afford to attend private school can be excluded based on their prior academic achievement, language ability, or other discriminatory fac-tors. I had hoped we could address these concerns through the amendment process, but the majority has not al-lowed amendments to the bill. You would expect private schools that can choose their own students to have exceptional records of student performance, but you would be wrong. Since 2007, there have been four con-gressionally mandated reports on the D.C. voucher program’s impact on stu-dent achievement. Not one of those re-ports found a significant improvement in reading or math scores among par-ticipants. Mr. Speaker, with the Every Student Succeeds Act, we are entering a new era in education policy that holds real promise for students and educators across the country. We should be focus-ing our attention and resources on im-proving institutions that serve all stu-dents. I call on my colleagues to remember the obligation we have to every child and reject H.R. 4901. b1000 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. DESANTIS ). Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, at the end of the Civil War, Lincoln addressed the Ohio regiment and he said that the beauty of a free government is that it gives every individual an open field and fair chance for their intelligence, en-terprise, and industry to flourish. That was something that he could speak of firsthand because he had grown up in the backwater. When you start talking about places like Illinois and Kentucky, that was so far removed from the corridors of power at that time and then he ends up being the President of the United States, that would have been unheard of in a coun-try in Europe. I think right now, when you look at our country, you have people who are born and you are supposed to be able to make the most of your God-given abili-ties, no matter your circumstances. Some people are born into privileged circumstances, and some people aren’t. But if they have the desire to succeed, they need to be able to do that in America. Yet, what we find now is there are so many kids who grow up in commu-nities that have really failing school systems, and I think the number one thing to be able to better yourself in our modern society is with education. Now, of course, the Federal Govern-ment doesn’t have jurisdiction over K– 12 education for the States, and I think that that is proper. I think, at times, the Federal Government has needled into that, and I think it has been coun-terproductive. We do have jurisdiction over the Dis-trict of Columbia. You have some fami-lies who are really in dire straits. There is a big D.C. bureaucracy that is not performing up to expectations. So this program is a lifeline to those fami-lies. The average income is $22,000 a year, which is not a lot in any community, but in Washington that is very, very little. It gives them a lifeline to be able to have an alternative school and maybe be able to make the most of their God-given ability. Look, if the public school bureauc-racy is doing well, then they can choose that. But if it is not and it is not working for them, then this gives them another option. This is something that—having done the hearing at the school like we did on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, these are kids who are thrilled to be in these schools. I am just very happy to support this effort. I appreciate the chairman’s work on this. We need to give every child the chance to succeed. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I proudly support the reauthorization of the SOAR Act because the SOAR Act provides the choice that parents in the District deserve. I supported H.R. 10 and I now support H.R. 4901, which made important improvements to H.R. 10. This legislation we are considering today continues to empower low-in-come families in D.C. to take advan-tage of opportunities they may not otherwise be able to do. That is be-cause H.R. 4901 is a bill that focuses on people, public schools, charter schools, Opportunity Scholarship Program, peo-ple with choices in each of those areas. The SOAR Act is about improving the lives of students and families in the District in a profoundly personal way. Isn’t that what true education is all about: personal achievement, improve-ment, and opportunity? Take the story of Carlos Battle, as written about in the National Journal and a recent book on educational choice. Carlos received a scholarship through the OSP and attended Assump-tion Catholic School and then George-town Day School for high school. As a result of this quality education, by choice, Carlos was able to attend Northeastern University in Boston. In fact, his mother says Carlos ‘‘almost surely wouldn’t have gone to college’’ without the scholarship. Carlos now talks about how many of his friends from his time in public school are still in the neighborhood and not doing well for themselves, and he said some even are in jail. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.014 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2123 April 29, 2016 
As he puts it: Everyone who was in my sixth grade class had the potential to achieve just as much as I did . . . that’s just the unfortunate truth. The OSP allowed Carlos to take ad-vantage of his potential, and he kept on achieving all the way to North-eastern. While in Boston, Carlos has spent time working at a nonprofit, helping give back to Boston public school stu-dents by helping them prepare for re-sponsibilities of college where he has been able to lead workshops for public school students on college prepared-ness. He is currently preparing to pursue a Ph.D. in a career as a child psycholo-gist, and that would be an appropriate time for an applause line. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 6 minutes remaining. The gen-tleman from Utah has 12 minutes re-maining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as I begin my remarks, I know that the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia would understand my sense of pride in acknowledging that, in my dis-trict, the Victory Early College High School, which is in the Acres Homes neighborhood and a part of the Aldine Independent School District, a public school, will be celebrating the National Blue Ribbon award ceremony this morning. I offer them congratulations and express my disappointment for not being there. Obviously, they have been recognized as one of two schools in Houston na-tionally to earn the distinction of a National Blue Ribbon School at an awards ceremony in Washington, D.C., for closing the achievement gap. May I remind my colleagues that that is a public school system. So I rise in opposition and join my colleague from the District of Colum-bia to oppose H.R. 4901, which would re-authorize the District of Columbia pri-vate school voucher program and the Opportunity Scholarship Program for 5 years. The OSP program came about in 2004. In 2011, Congress reauthorized the OSP through fiscal year 2016. Under the SOAR Act, D.C. households with in-comes that do not exceed 185 percent of the poverty line may receive an annual maximum voucher payment per stu-dent of $8,000 for grades K–8 and $12,000 for grades 9–12. We all know that private schools are much more expensive than that. So, in essence, this creates a small class that pays money to schools that have not been assessed as to whether or not they are quality schools. Private schools can cost as much as $50,000. Are we giv-ing them $50,000 while we are dumbing down the public school system? What is so disturbing is: Where is the data? This bill, in particular, makes a sig-nificant change. The bill prohibits a control study group in making evalua-tions of the OSP and requires a less rigorous quasi-experimental research design than under the SOAR Act. Since 2004, almost $200 million has been spent on D.C. voucher schools. Can you imag-ine what we would be able to do if that money was invested? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, can you imagine what that could do? I hear that 50 percent of D.C. children are in charter schools, but 50 percent of children in D.C. are using The Choice Program. What are we doing in Amer-ica? By using this as a scapegoat, we are suggesting that we are not invested in public schools. Finally, the D.C. Mayor and City Council members, as I understand, were only advocating that: If you don’t fund the voucher program, don’t leave us out for the public and charter school program. There is a vigorous Choice Program in D.C. This bill undermines the public school system for all of us, and we should oppose the bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 4901, the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. As many will remember, the House passed a similar bill, H.R. 10, last year with 240 votes. H.R. 4901 makes three specific changes to H.R. 10 to ensure the D.C. scholarship program continues to run efficiently and effectively for the fore-seeable future. First, this bill creates additional re-porting requirements for the adminis-trator of the scholarship program to ensure that the program is operating effectively. Second, it requires that any District of Columbia school that participates in this scholarship program must be ac-credited. Finally, the Department of Edu-cation has been withholding funds from the scholarship program and excluding qualified students from participating. H.R. 4901 ensures that the Depart-ment of Education cannot withhold funds from the scholarship program and that they cannot exclude students that are qualified to participate. With these changes, this D.C. school scholarship program can continue to run efficiently and allow low-income families to better their educational ex-perience and opportunities. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4901. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the SOAR Act. I want to talk for a moment about the elephant in the room, and that is the way in which it has become something of a tug of war between those who believe in choice in education and those who don’t. I think that, on the one hand, you have, for instance, taxpayer advocates who say: Wait a minute. If we are spending about $30,000 per student and getting the results that we are out of the system, something ought to change. There are other people who are advo-cates for the children of D.C., people like the former Mayor of this city, An-thony Williams, who said: Wait a minute. The scholarship program worked and it made a difference in peo-ple’s lives. There are people who are advocates for the marketplace who say: Wait a minute. There has been a revolutionary degree of change in technology and in output and in productivity as a result of marketplace forces, and maybe those marketplace forces ought to be at work in education as well. I think, most of all, there are folks who acknowledge the fact that God makes every child different and that one size never fits all with the plethora of different personalities in children that are out there. On the other hand, you have folks who say: Wait a minute. Let’s do it the way we have always done it. We had schools set up this way in the 1970s, in the 1980s, in the 1990s, and in the 2000s. Let’s do it the way we did it. But, in that process, kids may be locked into schools that aren’t working for them and for their families. They may be literally imprisoned in schools that aren’t working. So I think that what stands out about the SOAR Act is that it rep-resents a set of keys so that kids would have additional choices. If we really believe that education is the corner-stone to opportunity in the 21st cen-tury, why not give kids as many keys as possible? It could be a key to a charter school, a traditional public school, or a private school. It is a key of their choice be-cause kids are indeed so different. That is what this bill acknowledges. I commend the gentleman from Utah for what he has done on this front. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 3
3⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 9 minutes re-maining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Utah for yielding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.012 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2124 April 29, 2016 
and for his work on this important leg-islation. As a proud member of the House Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee, I rise today in support of H.R. 4901, the Scholarship for Opportunity and Re-sults Reauthorization Act, also known as the SOAR Act. This legislation would reauthorize the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Pro-gram, which provides scholarships to low-income students so they may at-tend a D.C. private school of their par-ents’ choice. School choice is an effective tool that has proven to be successful in Washington, D.C. These scholarships have resulted in a 90 percent gradua-tion rate, which is simply outstanding. I congratulate them on this. Both of my parents were educators who instilled in me the importance of a good education, and I believe we should extend this opportunity to those who might not otherwise have it. God created every child to be unique. As such, this legislation gives opportu-nities to students to receive an edu-cation chosen by their parents, those who know their child’s needs best. I encourage my colleagues to stand up in support of school choice and the SOAR Act to empower both parents and the students. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. P
OCAN ). b1015 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her advocacy for every child in the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, last year we passed the Every Student Succeeds Act, a good bill, but instead of figuring out how to fund this bipartisan bill through our budget and appropriations process, which apparently has broken down, we are here in a legislative deja vu re-debating a nearly identical bad bill we passed just months ago that will take money away from our public schools. I am well aware of these attempts to divert money away from public schools and the failures of taxpayer-funded pri-vate schools. In the last 10 years, Wis-consin taxpayers have wasted $139 mil-lion of taxpayer dollars on private schools that were later terminated from the voucher program due to their lack of appropriate standards and ac-countability. Further, in Wisconsin, 79 percent of the students who received a taxpayer- subsidized voucher in 2013 were already attending private schools. The SOAR Act would allow kids already in private schools to receive this funding. That means taxpayer dollars are being used not to advocate education, but instead as a form of tax policy. What is worse is that the taxpayer-funded voucher schools both in my State and here in D.C. are not providing equitable re-sources to special needs students with disabilities. At the end of the day, this is also about results. Multiple Department of Education studies have concluded that the taxpayer-funded D.C. voucher pro-gram has failed to improve educational outcomes for participating students, and two U.S. Government Account-ability Office reports have also identi-fied its repeated management and ac-countability failures. Public funds should be used for public education which serves all students. It is that simple. I encourage everyone to oppose this bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I reserve the balance of my time to close. Ms. NORTON. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is going to be funded, and you can’t blame the Dis-trict of Columbia for wanting the pub-lic school and charter school funding that is in the bill. This bill is going to be funded. It was a Boehner bill, now it is essentially a Ryan bill, and I do want that understood. I include in the RECORD the Council’s letter from last year which opposed funding. 
COUNCIL OF THE DISTRICT  
OFCOLUMBIA , Washington, DC, October 8, 2015. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairperson, Committee on Oversight & Govern-ment Reform, U.S. House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. C
HAIRPERSON CHAFFETZ : We write as lo-cally elected officials to express our opposi-tion to renewed efforts to expand a federally funded school voucher program in the Dis-trict of Columbia. We appreciate your inter-est in providing support to public education in the District. We strongly believe, how-ever, that federal funds should be invested in the existing public education system—both public schools and public charter schools— rather than being diverted to private schools. We support the decision by Congress and the President several years ago to phase out the voucher program. Multiple U.S. Depart-ment of Education reports indicate that the program has not lived up to the promises made by proponents. These studies along with two troubling Government Account-ability Office reports have also revealed that many of the students participating in the voucher program attend private schools with fewer resources and lower standards than our public schools. The evidence is clear that the use of vouchers has had no statistically sig-nificant impact on overall student achieve-ment in math or reading, or for students from schools in need of improvement. We have serious concerns about using gov-ernment funds to send our students to pri-vate schools that do not have to adhere to the same standards and accountability as do public and public charter schools. For exam-ple, private religious schools, which 80% of students with vouchers attend, operate out-side the non-discrimination provisions of the D.C. Human Rights Act. Moreover, the voucher proposal is inequitable: if fully fund-ed, the authorization would provide many more dollars per student for vouchers than is allocated per student in public schools and public charter schools. Although we believe that students who are already receiving a voucher should have the opportunity to maintain and use that vouch-er through graduation from high school, we do not support expansion of the program to new students. The District devotes consider-able funds to public education, and our local policies promote choice for parents. Indeed, over the past decade the quality of public education in D.C. has increased, as a result of reforms and targeted investment. Fami-lies can choose from an array of educational institutions based on publicly—available performance metrics, both within the D.C. Public Schools system and among the myr-iad public charter schools. Secretary of Edu-cation Arne Duncan has called the progress of D.C. Public Schools ‘‘remarkable’’, while the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools has ranked the District’s charter sector as the best in the country. Despite such ample evidence that the Con-gressionally imposed voucher program is in-effective, while D.C. public schools improve every year, some members of Congress con-tinue to see our city as their personal petri dish. It is insulting to our constituents, who vote for us but not for any voting member of Congress, that some of your colleagues push their personal agendas on D.C. in a way they could never do in their home states. Attack-ing D.C. home rule, including any expansion of the voucher program, is irresponsible gov-erning on the part of Congress. We call on you to respect the wishes of the District’s elected officials on the quintessentially local matter of education as you consider this issue. Sincerely, DAVID GROSSO , D.C. Council, At- Large, Chairperson, Committee on Edu-cation. C
HARLES ALLEN , D.C. Council, Ward 6, Member, Committee on Education. L
ARUBYMAY, D.C. Council, Ward 8. E
LISSA SILVERMAN , D.C. Council, At- Large. A
NITA BONDS , D.C. Council, At- Large, Member, Committee on Edu-cation. Y
VETTE ALEXANDER , D.C. Council, Ward 7, Member, Committee on Education. B
RIANNE NADEAU , D.C. Council, Ward 1. J
ACKEVANS , D.C. Council, Ward 2. 
Ms. NORTON. This year, of course, recognizing that they might lose $40 million, there was another bill, and a bare majority said: Give us the money. But I want you to understand what the letter from the District of Colum-bia said. ‘‘A reauthorization of the SOAR Act would help safeguard $150 million in Federal funds for the D.C. Public Schools and public charter schools over 5 years.’’ And they go on to say: ‘‘SOAR Act funding for D.C. Public Schools has been used to support initiatives that reward and increase retention of high performing teachers and principals. The funds also help attract more high quality teachers and principals to D.C. Public Schools and improve the effi-ciency with which schools are run. ‘‘After years of decline, D.C. public school enrollment is rising for the first time in decades. Schools that pre-viously struggled to fill their pre-kin-dergarten seats have waiting lists and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.013 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2125 April 29, 2016 
other schools are attracting families back into the system at grade levels that have historically lost students.’’ Clearly, we have a school system— and I cannot help but identify with them—that does not want to lose $40 million for D.C. public schools and D.C. charter schools. I don’t ask anybody to change their vote. This program is going to be funded. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In conclusion, let me read the first sentence of the first paragraph from the D.C. Mayor, as well as the majority of the Council. ‘‘As Mayor and mem-bers of the Council of the District of Columbia, we support the three-sector Federal funding approach for D.C.’s K– 12 education system that is authorized in the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results, the SOAR Act.’’ It is clear this is producing results. I find it a little bit troubling when the opposition to the SOAR Act people stand up and say: Well, it is not pro-ducing results. I will reiterate again that the aver-age graduation rate at the D.C. public schools is 64 percent. The graduation rate for somebody who obtains the scholarship is 90 percent, and 92 per-cent of those people who get that scholarship go on to college. Those are laudable goals in any, any scenario. And while this is done, this education is literally two-thirds of the cost, and it goes to people who really do deserve and need it, because the average an-nual income for somebody who is a re-cipient of this scholarship is $22,000. A $22,000 income in the District of Colum-bia for someone with kids is difficult, at best. I want to thank, again, Speaker Boehner for his passion on school choice and particularly the D.C. Oppor-tunity Scholarship. I also want to thank our Senate colleague, Senator T
IMSCOTT. Senator S COTT joined us in a field hearing that we had in the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. He is a true believer and is passionate about school choice and the need to give everybody the best pos-sible opportunities that we can. So I think we have had a good de-bate. We had a good markup and dis-cussion within the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. I hope that we pass this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 4901, the Scholarships for Op-portunity and Results (SOAR) Reauthorization Act. Members of Congress, believe that to-gether—the key to the future of our great na-tion is the quality of the education we provide our children. We all know the story of some District of Columbia public schools: Low graduation rates, high dropout rates, low math and read-ing scores. And, we can all agree that the chil-dren in the District deserve a first class edu-cation. A decade ago, I had the honor to Chair the District of Columbia Appropriations Sub-committee. In that capacity, we worked to cre-ate a program to give a ‘hand-up’ to children in Washington, DC. We built a ‘three-sector’ approach: public schools, charter schools, and the latter, the DC Opportunity Scholarship Pro-gram, which provides parents with funds to send their children to private or parochial schools. The bill before us today will reauthorize the three-sector approach to school reform in the District of Columbia—including the DC Oppor-tunity Scholarship Program—through FY 2021. The DC Opportunity Scholarship Program is a huge success. Last year alone 3,246 stu-dents submitted applications to participate in these scholarships and the program accepted 1,244 students. 88 percent of high school graduates in 2015, who were Opportunity Scholarship re-cipients, enrolled at a 2- or 4-year college. Congress should listen to the voices of par-ents and students and continue to work to en-sure that this not only survives, but grows. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this critical legislation. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I would like to submit the following: Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M I-
NORITY LEADER REID, SPEAKER RYAN, ANDMI-
NORITY LEADER PELOSI : As Mayor and mem-bers of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, we support the three-sector federal fund-ing approach for DC’s K–12 education system that is authorized in the Scholarships for Op-portunities and Results (SOAR) ACT. Our support for the SOAR Act is rooted in the importance we place on the much-needed federal funding for DC Public Schools (DCPS) and public charter schools which to-taled $30 million in FY2016. This funding is provided via our DC federal payments and does not take away from our state formula funding for education; rather, it adds to it. A reauthorization of the SOAR Act would help safeguard $150 million in federal funds for DCPS and public charter schools over five years. These funds are critical to the gains that the District’s public education system has seen in recent years. In addition, we are very concerned about a bill that was recently introduced in Con-gress, the Educational Freedom Accounts Act (H.R. 4426/S. 2455), which would require the District of Columbia to re-direct local funds from DCPS and the public charter schools toward Educational Savings Ac-counts for DC students who want to attend private schools. This bill would be harmful to the District’s progress on education and we strongly oppose it. SOAR Act reauthor-ization is far a better alternative and works for our families and school system. SOAR Act funding for DCPS has been used to support initiatives that reward and in-crease retention of performing teachers and principals. The funds also help attract more high quality teachers and principals to DCPS and to improve the efficiency with which schools are run. After years of decline, DCPS enrollment is rising for the first time in dec-ades. Schools that previously struggled to fill their prekindergarten seats have waiting lists and other schools are attracting fami-lies back into the system at grade levels that have historically lost students. Public charter schools in the District rep-resent 44 percent of the public school popu-lation of more than 85,000 students with 62 public charter schools on 115 campuses. Since FY2004, federal funds authorized in the SOAR Act have supported the acquisition, renovation, modernization, and expansion of charter school facilities in the District. These funds have also been used to improve academic achievement, teacher and leader quality and recruitment, instructional sup-port, and graduation pathways. The SOAR Act provides equal amounts of federal funding for the DCPS, public charter schools and the OSP. We understand that these funding streams are inextricably linked. We urge you to ensure that the SOAR Reauthorization Act (S. 2171/H.R. 10) be-comes law before the end of this Congress so that this critical funding for K–12 education in the District of Columbia is not put in jeopardy. Sincerely, Muriel Bowser, Mayor; LaRuby May, Councilmember; Brandon T. Todd, Councilmember; Mary Cheh, Council-member; Phil Mendelson, Chairman; Vincent Orange, Councilmember; Anita Bonds, Councilmember; Yvette M. Alexander, Councilmember; Kenyon R. McDuffie, Councilmember. [From the Washington Post, Mar. 14, 2016] F
ORD.C., P REAUTHORIZING SCHOOL CHOICE IS 
THERIGHT CHOICE  (By Editorial Board) IN THEIR zeal to kill off the federally funded scholarship program for poor D.C. students, opponents have peddled the fiction that Congress foisted the program on an un-willing city. In fact, the program was backed enthusiastically by then-Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D) and a key D.C. Council member, and parent demand for scholarships far out-strips supply. So let’s hope that a letter from Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) and a majority of the council urging continued funding for the program finally puts the myth to rest and helps allow more students to benefit from the program. The D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Pro-gram, which provides needy students with vouchers to attend private schools of their choice, is up for reauthorization. As has hap-pened before with all-too-depressing fre-quency since the scholarships were estab-lished in 2004, the program is under attack from unions and other opponents. If Congress fails to act, the city will also lose out on millions of dollars that go to its traditional and charter public schools as part of the three-sector federal funding deal. The very real danger of the District losing $150 million in federal funds over five years apparently finally sunk in with members of the council. Three members who previously had urged that the program be killed joined Ms. Bowser and five other members, includ-ing council Chairman Phil Mendelson (D), in a March 7 letter to congressional leaders in support of the Scholarships for Opportunities and Results (SOAR) Act. House Speaker P
AULD. R YAN(R–Wis.) in a statement called the support of the mayor and council ‘‘an important boost’’ in the effort to get reau-thorization to the president’s desk We hope so. Mr. R
YANis right that ‘‘when we give more families a choice, more stu-dents succeed.’’ Uncertainty about the fu-ture of the program is the alleged reason the Education Department has, for several years, put a hold on funds that would allow addi-tional students into the program. Officials with Serving Our Children, the nonprofit that took over administration of the scholar-ships in October, told us there are more than 1,900 applicants, with more expected, for just 146 new spots next year. If Congress doesn’t reauthorize the program, funding could dry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.017 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2126 April 29, 2016 
up, with no new students accepted after the 2016–2017 school year. The scholarships pro-vide a lifeline to low-income and underserved families, giving them the school choice that more affluent families take as a given. And because the program results in more federal money for D.C. public education and not less—another myth advanced by opponents— it’s time for Congress to act. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4901, as I did when the House debated a nearly identical measure last October. We have been told that the purpose of this bill is to help all DC children get a better edu-cation. I strongly support that objective, but this bill does not. Let me be crystal clear: public funds should support public education. But this bill proposes to spend 100 million dollars over five years to fund vouchers to send students in the District of Columbia to private schools. Coming from the city of Baltimore, I under-stand the complexities of turning around strug-gling inner city schools. Almost ten years ago, I became deeply in-volved in improving one of my own neighbor-hood schools, the Maritime Industries Acad-emy. It takes vision, commitment, accountability and, yes, resources to begin the process of turning troubled schools around. However, it is extremely difficult to turn around public schools if we divert public re-sources to private schools. By dividing funding among DC Public Schools, DC Charter Schools, and private school vouchers, this bill provides one-third of its total funding to voucher students, a tiny fraction of the District’s students. The lack of equity is stunning. Our focus should be on maximizing the impact of the federal government’s limited resources to serve ALL of the District’s students. This program was last authorized in 2011, over my strong objection and along party lines, despite the fact that the study on the program’s impacts mandated by law found that the use of vouchers had no effect on aca-demic achievement, as measured by math and reading test scores. Vouchers also had no impact on students’ perceptions of school safety and satisfaction. We have heard all the Republican rhetoric justifying massive cuts to education funding— all the talk about budget constraints, about tightening our belts, and about making sac-rifices. But apparently all that goes out the window when Republicans want to give 100 million dollars in taxpayer funds to private schools. As a graduate of public schools and a long-time advocate of quality public education, I be-lieve our highest priority must be to use limited taxpayer dollars to support programs that will truly meet the educational needs of all chil-dren. This bill does not do that. So I urge my col-leagues to reject H.R. 4901. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this rule and the underlying bill, H.R. 4901, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization (SOAR) Act. H.R. 4901 would reauthorize the District of Columbia’s private school voucher program, the Opportunity Scholarship Program (OSP), for five years through 2021. Simply put, this bill diverts much needed re-sources from the D.C. public school system into this unsuccessful and counterproductive voucher program. We know that this voucher program has failed to improve academic achievement, threatens vital civil rights for students, under-mines constitutional protections, and is poorly managed. Mr. Speaker, this bill is just another Repub-lican attack on the District of Columbia’s right to self-governance. Even worse, the Districts’ government did not request this reauthorization—nor did its representative, Congresswoman E
LEANOR  H
OLMES NORTON . If the District wants to establish a voucher program, it has the authority to do so. But it hasn’t for many of the reasons I listed above. Mr. Speaker, we should work to fully fund our public schools and ensure equal access to education for all students—not funnel addi-tional funds into this ineffective and poorly managed program. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and the underlying bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 706, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. TED LIEU of California. I am op-posed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ted Lieu of California moves to recom-mit the bill H.R. 4901 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amend-ment: Insert after section 7 the following new section: 
SEC. 8. NONDISCRIMINATION AND OTHER RE-QUIREMENTS FOR ELIGIBLE ENTITY AND PARTICIPATING SCHOOLS. 
Section 3008(a) (sec. 38-1853.08(a), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended by inserting ‘‘actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender iden-tity,’’ after ‘‘national origin,’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopt-ed, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. My amendment would simply change the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Pro-gram so that it could not discriminate against students based on sexual ori-entation or gender identity. Sadly, we know that LGBT kids are often victims of bullying and hate. Ac-cording to a survey by the Human Rights Campaign, LGBT youth were twice as likely as their non-LGBT peers to report being verbally harassed and excluded. Moreover, misguided anti-LGBT laws, such as those passed in North Carolina and Mississippi, continue to send a message that being LGBT is not okay, and that is wrong. As one of my Republican colleagues earlier today on the floor stated, God makes every child different. It is wrong to systematically discriminate against students because they are LGBT. We need to send our kids a message that saying whom they love and the gender they identify with does not dic-tate their self-worth, and it certainly should not dictate whether or not they can get a voucher. I move that we begin to do this right now by passing my amendment to prevent discrimina-tion based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Being LGBTQ is not a medical condition that needs to be cured. It is instead a beautiful reflec-tion of what it means to be a human being. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, we went through regular order in our com-mittee. We had field hearings. We had a markup. The gentleman was free to offer an amendment in committee. That did not happen. This is a school choice bill. This is a bill that gives parents the opportunity to make choices about where their stu-dents can attend, and this scholarship program has been a very valuable tool. I am opposed to the motion to recom-mit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 167, nays 228, not voting 38, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.016 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2127 April 29, 2016 
[Roll No. 178] YEAS—167 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—38 
Brady (PA) Butterfield Calvert Carson (IN) Collins (NY) Costa Crawford Davis, Danny DeFazio Duckworth Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Himes Issa Johnson (GA) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Labrador MacArthur Miller (MI) Newhouse Payne Reed Rush Sanchez, Loretta Smith (TX) Stutzman Takai Torres Tsongas Westmoreland Whitfield 
b1044 Messrs. ROKITA, DUFFY, and TROTT changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. CAPUANO, JEFFRIES, Ms. MOORE, and Mr. HOYER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 224, noes 181, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 179] AYES—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.015 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2128 April 29, 2016 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—28 
Calvert Carson (IN) Collins (NY) Crawford Davis, Danny DeFazio Duckworth Engel Fattah Fincher Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanna Issa Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Labrador MacArthur Newhouse Payne Sanchez, Loretta Smith (TX) Stutzman Takai Torres Tsongas Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1051 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on April 29, 2016, I was unable to vote on H.R. 4901, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. I would have voted in support of final passage of H.R. 4901, rollcall No. 179, had I been present. Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 179 on H.R. 4901, I am not recorded because I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I missed a vote on H.R. 4901 in order to attend a family wedding. Had I been present for this vote, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 179 (H.R. 4901). 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, on April 29, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On rollcall No. 178, Democratic Motion to Recom-mit H.R. 4901, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 179, Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, H.R. 4901, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on April 29, 2016, due to a medical procedure. Had I been present, I would have voted: On The Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 4901, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On Passage of H.R. 4901, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Friday, April 29, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 178 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 179. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on April 29, 2016, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall votes 178 and 179. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 178 and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 179. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 2016, TO TUESDAY, MAY 3, 2016 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourns to meet at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, May 3, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THE LIVES OF UGA STUDENTS LOST IN A TRAGIC ACCIDENT (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, my friends and colleagues from the Georgia delegation and I rise in honor of the lives of four bright young University of Georgia students who were killed in a tragic car accident outside of Athens on Wednesday evening. We pray for and grieve for the fami-lies of Christina, Halle, Kayla, and Brittany, and the entire University of Georgia community. We also pray for Agnes, who remains in critical condi-tion, that she may be healed. The remarkable impact of these women upon UGA’s campus is evi-denced by the thousands of students, faculty, and staff who gathered yester-day in an outpouring of love, support, and remembrance. Mr. Speaker, this tragedy is every parent’s worst nightmare, and our hearts ache for these families. I ask all my colleagues and all of those watching to pray for these fami-lies and to join the Georgia delegation in a moment of silence for Christina, Halle, Kayla, and Brittany, as well as for Agnes, and to know, in the words of Psalm 147:3: ‘‘He heals the broken-hearted and binds their wounds.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers will please rise and join in a mo-ment of silence. ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AU-THORIZATIONS AND CLASSIFIED ANNEX ACCOMPANYING INTEL-LIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to announce to all Members of the House that the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has ordered the bill H.R. 5077, the Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017, reported favorably to the House today, and will file its report on the bill in the House in early May. Mr. Speaker, the classified schedules of authorizations and the classified an-nexes accompanying the bill are avail-able for review by Members at the of-fices of the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence in room HVC–304 of the Capitol Visitor Center. The com-mittee office will be open during reg-ular business hours for the convenience of any Member who wishes to review this material prior to its consideration by the House. I recommend that Members wishing to review the classified annex contact the committee’s director of security to arrange a time and date for that view-ing. This will ensure the availability of the appropriately cleared committee staff to assist Members who desire as-sistance during their review of these classified materials. I urge interested Members to review these materials in order to better un-derstand the committee’s recommenda-tions. The classified annexes to the committee’s report contain the com-mittee’s recommendations on the in-telligence budget for fiscal year 2017 and related classified information that cannot be disclosed publicly. It is important that Members keep in mind the requirements of clause 13 of House rule XXIII, which only permits access to classified information by those Members of the House who have signed the oath provided for in the rules. In addition, the committee’s rules re-quire that Members agree in writing to a nondisclosure agreement. The agree-ment indicates that the Member has been granted access to the classified annexes and that they are familiar with the rules of the House and the committee with respect to the classi-fied nature of that information and the limitations on the disclosure of that information. 
f 
NATIONAL CONGENITAL DIA-PHRAGMATIC HERNIA AWARE-NESS MONTH (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my constituent and friend, Dawn Williamson, in raising awareness for congenital diaphrag-matic hernia, also known as CDH. Mr. Speaker, CDH affects over 1,000 babies in the United States per year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.018 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2129 April 29, 2016 
and has affected more than 700,000 ba-bies worldwide since the year 2000. After giving birth to a child with CDH and finding no support groups for mothers of babies with CDH, my friend, Dawn, founded the Association of Con-genital Diaphragmatic Hernia Re-search, Awareness, and Support, or CHERUBS, for short, in 1995. Headquartered in the beautiful town of Wake Forest, North Carolina, CHER-UBS is an international charity help-ing over 5,700 families in 61 countries. Mr. Speaker, babies born with CDH and their loving families face a dif-ficult journey, and I rise today to raise awareness and to recognize the impor-tance of strong individuals like Dawn Williamson, who work to make the journey for others easier and more comfortable than it was for her. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to offer this resolution express-ing support for the designation of April 2016 as National Congenital Diaphrag-matic Hernia Awareness Month. This condition is far too common for us to know so little. 
f 
b1100 HONORING THE VICTORY EARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am always reminded of the greatness of America. When the word came: Go west, go west. A little church, a little general store, and a school. I am excited this morning to honor the Victory Early College High School in Acres Home, sponsored by the Al-dine Independent School District. And I thank Dr. Bamberg, the super-intendent; the trustees; and, as well, Dr. Phyllis Cormier, for they are cele-brating right now the National Blue Ribbon Award ceremony—yes, a public school. Victory Early College High School is one of two schools in Houston and one of 335 schools nationally to earn the distinction of a National Blue Ribbon School at an award ceremony hosted by the Department of Education. They exemplify overall academic excellence. Yes, inner-city children, poor children, are showing progress and closing achievement gaps among student sub-groups. This particular school has been exemplary in both areas. We are also celebrating Senior Sign-ing Day because each of our graduating seniors will graduate under the distin-guished high school plan, and all have been accepted to a 4-year university. They will announce their schools at this event—a public school. The mayor will be there. I am in Washington. I wanted to pay tribute to them. And I want to thank Aldine for letting their M.O. Campbell Center be used for a shelter for those who are fleeing the flood. PROTECTION AND ADVOCACY FOR VETERANS ACT (Mrs. ROBY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Protection and Advo-cacy for Veterans Act. This bill will en-gage our protection and advocacy agen-cies to ensure veterans are receiving the mental health care and substance abuse treatment they deserve. Increased demand from veterans re-turning from war, a national shortage of mental health professionals, and a prescription drug abuse epidemic have made it difficult for the VA to keep pace with the growing need in these areas. Mr. Speaker, progress is being made, but I believe we can do better. I also believe that we owe it to our veterans to look beyond the traditional means and bring all available resources to bear in ensuring access to proper care for mental health and substance abuse treatment. For 40 years, protection and advo-cacy agencies have monitored the qual-ity of care in State-operated hospitals, psychiatric wards, and other facilities. They have the authority to inspect medical records, make recommenda-tions to providers, and, when nec-essary, take legal action on behalf of patients. I believe bringing this high degree of patient advocacy expertise to the VA can greatly benefit our vet-erans. 
f 
NATIONAL INFERTILITY AWARENESS WEEK (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April 24 to April 30 as National Infertility Awareness Week. Infertility is defined as the in-ability to conceive or carry a preg-nancy to term after 12 months of try-ing to conceive. The American Society for Reproduc-tive Medicine, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the World Health Organization recog-nize infertility as a disease. Today, one in eight couples have trouble getting pregnant or sustaining a pregnancy. Infertility affects ap-proximately 10 percent of the popu-lation, but rarely are the necessary medical treatments covered by insur-ance. Alarmingly, this, too, is the case for veterans who have served our coun-try and have become infertile as a re-sult of their service. This issue strikes diverse groups, af-fecting people from all socioeconomic levels and cuts across racial, ethnic, and religious lines. We must acknowledge the medical and emotional aspects of infertility and continue to support efforts to make treatment more accessible to help improve the quality of life for peo-ple with infertility. This week, I ask that we all recog-nize and raise awareness on the issue of infertility as a disease and support the family-building efforts of those strug-gling with this disease of infertility. f 
TOP 50 BEST TOWNS FOR FAMILIES IN THE GARDEN STATE (Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to note a special distinction for several communities in New Jersey’s Seventh Congressional District. New Jersey Family magazine has named several towns in the congres-sional district I serve as being among the top 50 best towns for families in the Garden State. Nearing the top of the list, at second place, is Montgomery Township in Somerset County. Joining Montgomery on the top 50 list are Bethlehem, Berkeley Heights, Branchburg, Chester Township, Clinton Township, Cranford, Hillsborough, Lebanon, Long Hill, New Providence, and West Amwell. I know these communities, and my wife and I live in Clinton Township. Each has excellent public schools, a strong local spirit, and each is a great place to plant roots and raise a family. I congratulate the local leadership in these municipalities, the elected offi-cials and community leaders—nearly all of whom are volunteers—for the ex-cellent management of these towns. Each is very deserving of this recogni-tion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN L. SMITH OF THE LAS VEGAS REVIEW JOURNAL (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, the Las Vegas Review Journal, Nevada’s larg-est newspaper, lost another standard bearer this week. John L. Smith, who resigned after citing difficulties with management, spent nearly three dec-ades enlightening, emboldening, and entertaining the Las Vegas commu-nity. In his resignation letter, John L. Smith said that he learned to never punch down in his weight class, an ap-proach that is rare in journalism today. He wrote: ‘‘You don’t hit little peo-ple. You defend them.’’ Those principles, reflected in his col-umns that appeared four times a week, made him a beloved figure, a respected wordsmith, and a community leader. It is no surprise that during the week when he resigned, he received the Ancil Payne Award for Ethics in Journalism. It wasn’t the first time his work had been recognized, and I am sure it will not be the last. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.025 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2130 April 29, 2016 
PARK FOREST ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, A 2016 GREEN RIBBON SCHOOL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the administrators, staff, and students from the Park Forest Elementary School in State College, Pennsylvania, on being named a 2016 Green Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Edu-cation. Park Forest is 1 of only 47 schools across the entire Nation to earn this distinction, which is given to schools for their innovative efforts to reduce their environmental impact and reduce utility costs, improve health and wellness, and ensure sustainability practices. In addition to the elementary school’s efforts to reduce its energy use and waste footprint, it has also re-ceived grants to construct an outdoor compost bin and created a garden com-post program. The school grounds also include vegetable, herb, pollinator, and rain gardens. In partnership with Penn State University, the school has also built a greenhouse which later served as the model for two built at a school in Rwanda. This just scratches the surface of the initiatives undertaken at Park Forest Elementary, and everyone involved de-serves praise for their efforts. 
f 
OPIOID ADDICTION (Mr. RUPPERSBERGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to urge House leader-ship to take action against the scourge of opioid addiction that is plaguing our communities. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, drug overdoses now surpass car accidents as the lead-ing cause of injury-related death for Americans between the ages of 25 and 65. In Baltimore, opioid overdose has been declared a public health emer-gency. There are about 19,000 active heroin users in Baltimore City, and far more who abuse prescription opioids. But this isn’t just an urban issue. I have personally heard from families from all walks of life throughout my district that have been devastated by heroin and prescription drugs. No so-cioeconomic level is safe. To this end, I urge leadership to move the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act forward. Among other measures, this important bipartisan bill will expand the availability of naloxone to law enforcement agencies and other first responders to help re-verse overdoses, expand resources to identify and treat incarcerated individ-uals suffering from addiction, and ex-pand disposal sites for unused prescrip-tion medications to keep them out of the hands of young people. Only through a comprehensive ap-proach can we stop and reverse current trends. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF CHIEF JUS-TICE PERRY HOOPER, SR. (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life and con-tributions of Chief Justice Perry Hoo-per, Sr., who passed away this past Sunday. Justice Hooper was born in Bir-mingham, Alabama, in 1925. He served our Nation in the United States Marine Corps before attending the University of Alabama School of Law. He went on to be elected probate judge and later circuit judge in Montgomery County. His groundbreaking election as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 1994 marked the first time a Repub-lican had served on the court since Re-construction. Justice Hooper brought dignity and grace to the Supreme Court, along with his consummate professionalism. He raised the court to a higher level. Whether you were a lawyer or a party, he treated you with respect and fair-ness. Most importantly, Justice Hooper understood that judges don’t make the law, but decide cases with wisdom and fairness. So on behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District, I want to share my deepest sympathies with his wife, Marilyn, and four sons. Justice Hooper will never be forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOPHIE MARIE EDWARDS (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sophie Marie Edwards, an incredible young woman who has made ending hunger her per-sonal passion. Realizing that some of her friends in elementary school didn’t have enough to eat, Sophie founded Square Meal Project when she was only 8 years old. Since then, she has raised more than $6,000 for food banks and local feeding programs. Through her efforts, more than 1,000 kids have been able to re-ceive a healthy summer lunch. She has also made it her mission to educate ev-eryone she meets about the problem of hunger in America. Sophie’s work in her hometown of Marietta, Georgia, led her to be recog-nized as a youth advocate for the na-tional No Kid Hungry campaign. I am inspired by Sophie’s commit-ment, by her compassion, and by her drive to end hunger. Sophie teaches us all that you are never too young to make a difference. I have no doubt that Sophie will continue to do great things to end hunger now. f 
AR KIDS READ (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible work being done in my home State of Arkansas by AR Kids Read. When I was the chamber of commerce chair in Little Rock, I was proud to help AR Kids Read expand 3
1⁄2years ago with the goal of improving literacy rates among our children in Arkansas. In the 2014–2015 school year alone, AR Kids Read was able to provide over 400 trained tutors to serve 1 hour a week in 47 different schools in central Arkan-sas. This inspirational program helps nearly 1,000 students each year strug-gling to learn to master reading in the first through third grades. AR Kids Read has been recognized by one of the five model programs at the Reading is Fundamental—RIF—50th Anniversary Gala here in Washington, D.C. I extend my congratulations and best wishes for much continued success to AR Kids Read and thank all of my fel-low citizens who volunteer as tutors. 
f 
MARY ANN WASIL MEMORIAL TOAST (Ms. D
ELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and to celebrate the life of Mary Ann Wasil, one of my personal heroes and one of the strongest women I have ever known, who passed away earlier this month. Mary Ann possessed a tenacious spir-it, an unyielding faith, a heart full of love, and an infectious smile. She was one of a kind. She was a police officer, an actor, a development officer for her church and its elementary school, and the founder of a nonprofit organiza-tion, a health activist, and a mother to three incredible children. Breast cancer was what took Mary Ann from us, but it is also what one of her lasting legacies was born from—a successful and much-needed breast health initiative, the Get in Touch Foundation. She was a vocal champion for the Affordable Care Act and access to high quality, affordable health care for all. In 2010, Mary Ann won a contract from Balboa Press to publish her mem-oir, ‘‘A Diary of Healing: My Intense and Meaningful Life With Cancer.’’ Throughout its pages, you can hear Mary Ann’s laughter, you can feel her courage, and you will often find your-self crying with her, experiencing the twists and the turns of her journey. My heart goes out to Betsy, to Mary, and to Eddy. Your mother was quite 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.027 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2131 April 29, 2016 
simply an extraordinary human being, activist, author, mentor, friend, and mother. She lives on in our hearts for-ever. 
f 
b1115 CONGRATULATING CARSON WENTZ (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, forgive me for being proud, but today my 750,000 fellow North Dakotans and I are standing a little taller as we celebrate the extraordinary accomplishments of one exceptional young man. Last night, every television in North Dakota was tuned in to the NFL draft to see who the lucky team would be who gets North Dakota State Univer-sity quarterback Carson Wentz. The Philadelphia Eagles used the second overall pick to take Carson. Cheers and tears of pride and admiration for the most famous Bison football player ever expressed a sense of State patriotism. NDSU’s record of five consecutive FCS national championships took a backseat to one special Bismarck na-tive, and rightfully so. Carson Wentz is more than a 6 foot, 5 inch superathlete. He is a man who takes God’s incredible gifts and works them with an ethic of worship. His mind and heart are as big as his frame; and his pride is not in himself, but it is in his team, in his school, in his community, and in his State. We are happy for the good people of Philadelphia, knowing that Pennsyl-vania is gaining much more than a great football player. They are gaining a great citizen. Congratulations, Ea-gles. And God bless you in your new ad-venture, Carson Wentz. Thanks for being a great ambassador for North Da-kota. 
f 
HONORING SERGIO KLOR DE ALVA (Mr. FARR asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sergio Klor de Alva. Sergio was a member of the Farr con-gressional team, and was taken from us in a tragic accident late Monday night. Sergio served as an intern in my office. He was engaging, kind, and ever help-ful. Upon leaving Washington, he re-turned to the University of California at Santa Cruz, and he won a place on the student council. He later volun-teered his time to work in Congress-man M
IKE HONDA ’s reelection cam-paign. At 24, he had amassed a resume that spoke to the dedication and pas-sion he had for civil service. I was and continue to be impressed with this young man’s incredible ambi-tion. His future would have undoubt-edly been one of public service. Upon leaving my office, Sergio said in his exit interview: I cannot tell the future, but I can see mine here. But until that day, know that I will miss this place. 
Rest assured, Sergio, this place will miss you. God bless your short, but so meaning meaningful, life and your beautiful family who have to live in the tragedy of your death. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF COUNTY CORNER (Mr. BISHOP of Utah asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I grew up in a small town in Utah where I remember a Sinclair gas station that was situated where Route 39 intersects Route 134. It is a place where parents would stop to fill up their cars while taking their kids to school, and airmen would stop on the way to serve at Hill Air Force Base; where fathers would fill up the RV on the way to the family vacation, and I may have actually stopped to get a few Dr Pepper’s as well. County Corner store is part of the Sinclair family, which is today cele-brating their 100-year anniversary. Today, there are 1,300 Sinclair-brand-ed stations in 24 States. They operate the largest refinery in the Rocky Mountain West, they have their offices located in Utah, and they have 1,200 employees. You may actually recognize the green dinosaur that is the logo. It is an apatosaurus, and its name is Dino. It debuted at the World’s Fair in Chicago in 1933, has been a part of the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade, and is actu-ally an honorary member of the Mu-seum of Natural History. In an era where it is sometimes en vogue to condemn the gas-powered en-gine, we have to realize that people drive to work, families drive to church, schoolbuses drive kids back and forth, as well as the fact that firefighters rush to help businesses that are threat-ened. The Sinclair Oil Corporation has a hand in making all that possible. Happy birthday. 
f 
HONORING SAMUEL ‘‘BILLY’’ KYLES (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, the city of Memphis and the United States lost a great clergyman and civil rights leader this past week in Reverend Samuel ‘‘Billy’’ Kyles. Samuel ‘‘Billy’’ Kyles was born in Mississippi, moved to Chicago, but found his home and his purpose in Memphis, Tennessee, where he founded Monumental Baptist Church and served there for 55 years. He was a courageous man who helped integrate the Memphis schools. One of his daughters was one of the 13 young children that integrated the schools. He got on a bus and refused to go to the back of the bus in 1964 with six others and helped integrate the buses in Mem-phis. His life was dedicated to civil rights, making Memphis better, and serving his church members. He is well known and remembered for being at the Lorraine Motel on the day that Dr. King was assassinated on April 4, 1968. On that occasion, he was near Dr. King and was a witness to the as-sassination, which he told people about throughout the country and is part of a documentary film called ‘‘The Wit-ness.’’ He remembered Dr. King’s work to all, witnessed what he did and what happened in Memphis. He lived his life as Dr. King would have wanted: trying to move civil rights forward and mak-ing America the country that it was supposed to be. A life well lived. f 
DEFUND NUCLEAR DEAL WITH IRAN (Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration’s foolish nuclear deal with Iran continues to get more trou-bling and damaging by the day. Last week, we found out that the ad-ministration was spending $8.6 million of our hard-earned tax dollars to buy nuclear material from Iran. That is right: the United States Government is borrowing money from China and the rest of the world to buy heavy water from Iran, water used in nuclear reac-tors. This is insanely foolish. I thought that the goal of Obama’s nuclear deal was to stop Iran’s nuclear program, not subsidize it. Iran remains the world’s leading sponsor of terrorism. They have been directly tied to the deaths of thousands of U.S. servicemembers. Providing the Iranian regime with millions of tax dollars only gives them new financing to spread hateful ideology, terror, and death across the globe. The Obama administration’s pay-ments to this terrorist regime further legitimize their growing nuclear ambi-tions. Is it any wonder that our allies no longer consider the United States a reliable partner? Appeasement only emboldens bullies, terrorists, and dictators. Sadly, this is the path that this current administra-tion has chosen. 
f 
VERIFYING OPTIMAL TOOLS FOR ELECTIONS ACT OF 2016 (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, there is a grave threat that is fac-ing the American electoral process in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.028 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2132 April 29, 2016 
2016, and that is the soundness and the dependability of our voting machines and the integrity of our voting process. Nationwide, authorities are tab-ulating crucial voting results using faulty, out-of-date electronic voting machines from the era that predated the smartphone. These outdated ma-chines are prone to crashes and screen freezes that can cause unacceptably long wait times. Additionally, old vot-ing machines remain vulnerable to being hacked and elections can be sto-len. My bill, the Verifying Optimal Tools for Elections Act of 2016, otherwise known as the VOTE Act, would allo-cate millions of dollars to assist States in replacing these aging voting ma-chine dinosaurs. The VOTE Act would also allocate millions of dollars in grants to assist in developing new tech-nologies to assure accuracy in the vot-ing process, to protect voting machine source codes from being hacked, and to train election officials. The aim of the VOTE Act is simple: the safeguarding of elections by ensur-ing the very integrity of the voting process, while protecting access to the ballot box. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO UNITED STATES-CHINA ECO-NOMIC AND SECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ). The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following in-dividual on the part of the House to the United States-China Economic and Se-curity Review Commission for a term expiring on December 31, 2017: Mr. Daniel M. Slane, Ohio 
f 
HONORING BRAZOS VALLEY JEFFERSON AWARD RECIPIENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ABIN). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Harper Cunningham, age 12, and Maggie Cunningham, age 10, from College Station, Texas, who are recipients of the 2016 Jefferson Award for the Brazos Valley. The Jefferson Awards are presented annually to honor our unsung heroes, ordinary citizens who have done some-thing extraordinary and that will have a lasting impact on the community. It is fitting that the Jefferson Award be presented to these two young girls, who not only exemplify what it means to serve, but who also share Thomas Jefferson’s passion for reading. Harper and Maggie Cunningham’s passion for reading and for helping those in need led them to create an or-ganization to promote literacy and the well-being of our community students. Their Books and a Blanket program provides a basket of books and a blan-ket to elementary schoolchildren in need across the Brazos Valley during the winter months. Their mission is simple and impactful: they want all students to have access to books so that they, too, can experience the joy that comes from reading. Since 2012, Books and a Blan-ket has given away over 1,200 blankets and distributed over 33,000 books to over 2,500 children in need. Mr. Speaker, these two young girls have done a tremendous job helping others, promoting literacy, and being inspiring leaders in our community. As President Ronald Reagan once said: The greatest leaders are not necessarily the ones who do the greatest things. The greatest leaders are the ones who get other people to do the greatest things. 
It is evident that Harper and Maggie are models of true leadership, and their desire to serve and empower others is inspiring. Young Americans like Har-per and Maggie provide confidence for all of us about the future of our great country. I congratulate Harper and Maggie Cunningham for their hard work, self-less service, and for being awarded the 2016 Jefferson Award for the Brazos Valley. Gina and I look forward to hosting them in Washington later this year for the National Jefferson Awards ceremony. I would also like to congratulate the other 2016 Jefferson Award winners from the Brazos Valley: Stephanie Sale, Alma Villarreal, and David Ruesink. Their selfless service to our community is inspiring and also wor-thy of these special recognitions. I am humbled to represent all of them in Congress. As I close, I ask all Americans to continue to pray for our country dur-ing these difficult times, for our mili-tary men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
AMERICA’S TO-DO LIST The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, we all got elected. I have been here 5 years now. You are fairly new to this institu-tion. Everybody comes with a dream. You don’t come because you are look-ing for new business cards. You come because you want to make a difference for folks back home. We all have about 700,000 bosses back home, and they want us to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about some of those differences today. You can’t see it from where you are sitting, but I have got a little Amer-ica’s to-do list down here. I didn’t have enough paper back in the office to do the entire to-do list. There is a lot out there, as I know you hear every week-end when you go home as well, but I put a couple of the top things out there. b1130 I have ‘‘fix our roads and bridges’’ out there—just a terrible infrastruc-ture issue. What separates America in terms of getting our goods to market around the globe is a world-class infra-structure. Investment in that infra-structure has waned in recent years as we have dangerous bridges and we have roads that are in desperate need of re-pair. That is one of those things—to maintain the postal roads—that the Constitution uniquely assigns to the United States Congress. That is on the to-do list. Update our national WRRDA policy, Mr. Speaker. We are going to have wars on this planet—mark my words—not over oil, but over fresh water. Having a freshwater infrastructure, maintaining our natural resources, taking care of and being good stewards of those re-sources that we have been entrusted with are critically important. It is one of those things that the Federal Gov-ernment has a dominant role in doing. We have to get on that. Tax relief, Mr. Speaker. Where is that family back home who isn’t trying to figure out how next month works and the month after that and the month after that? I keep hearing about this economic recovery, and yes, the numbers are get-ting better slowly, but they are not im-proving nearly fast enough. The folks cannot afford to support an inefficient Federal Government. Tax relief is on that list. Medicare, Mr. Speaker. There is not a man or a woman in this Nation who de-pends on Medicare who does not know it is in fiscal peril. There is not enough money in the Medicare trust fund to meet the promises that we have made to America’s seniors. There is not enough money in the Medicare trust fund even though working age men and women begin paying in on their very first paychecks to meet the promises of this generation and the next. We owe America better than that. Fixing that is on the to-do list. Improving veterans’ care, Mr. Speak-er. For Pete’s sake, talk about some-thing that is uniquely this govern-ment’s responsibility. We ask so much of the young men and women in uni-form who serve and protect this Na-tion, and they ask nothing of us. We make promises to them, and we must keep those promises. It is hard to open up the newspaper and not read a story of America’s failing its veterans. We must do better, and we can do better. Mr. Speaker, cutting spending. For Pete’s sake, when folks back home do send a dollar’s worth of taxes to Wash-ington, D.C., they don’t believe they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.030 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2133 April 29, 2016 
are going to get a dollar’s worth of value out of it. They think it is going to get thrown down some rat hole somewhere, on some pet project that is not going to benefit anyone. They think it is going to get wasted on a regulatory infrastructure that isn’t modernized for the 21st century. Every family has to do more with less in tough economic times, and the Federal Government is no different. This is just the beginning of the to-do list, Mr. Speaker. It is dreary outside. There is a steady mist coming down. I haven’t seen the Sun out there for days. Sometimes I get back home, and I hear that same kind of spirit coming from folks who are trying to feed and provide for their families. There is a dreariness out there, Mr. Speaker, such that folks feel like self-governance is not serving them in the way that it should. That is why you and I ran for Congress and that is why I have come to the House floor today with good news. It is true that when you open up the newspaper, it is failure after failure after failure, but that is not telling the story of the work that the good men and women of this Chamber are doing, that Republicans and Democrats are coming together to do, that the House and the Senate are coming together to do, that the Congress and the White House are coming together to do. In this election season of everybody’s talking about what divides us, of everybody’s talking about what the failures are, I want to talk about those things that unite us and on which we are succeeding for the American people together. Mr. Speaker, there have been 36 short-term transportation extensions since the last time we passed a long- term transportation bill. Thirty six short-term extensions. If anybody is in the construction business, Mr. Speak-er, they know you can’t plan to build a bridge in a matter of days. This is a multiyear project. You need long-term planning and you long-term certainty. Historically, that is what the Con-gress has provided: Republicans and Democrats coming together in a bipar-tisan way and Congress and the White House coming together to provide for a multiyear transportation bill. But it has been more than two decades, Mr. Speaker, since this body has passed a 5- year transportation bill—a multiyear transportation bill—that provides cer-tainty to folks back home and that ful-fills the commitment that every Amer-ican citizen expects from the Federal Government in having collected gas taxes on every gallon of gas that the American consumer buys. We all know about the infrastructure needs in this country. For more than two decades, Congress and the White House had not been successful in ful-filling that responsibility. When Re-publicans ran the show, we failed. When Democrats ran the show, we failed. When Republicans were in the White House, we failed. When Demo-crats were in the White House, we failed. But this Congress—the men and women gathered here with this Presi-dent in the White House—came to-gether, and we succeeded with the first long-term transportation bill in more than 20 years. Mr. Speaker, 5 years of funding is just the beginning. I won’t tell you this is the end of the show. Our Transpor-tation and Infrastructure chairman, B
ILLSHUSTER of Pennsylvania, wants to do more. This isn’t the end. This is the beginning. It is a fantastic begin-ning, and it is one that we ought to cel-ebrate of $305 billion going back to communities around this Nation to focus on safety and infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, it streamlines the proc-ess—the most dramatic streamlining of the regulatory process. It often takes longer to get regulatory approval to build a bridge than it does to build the bridge itself—years wasted on approval processes that could have been stream-lined while we are still being good stewards of our environmental re-sources. This bill does that. It also eliminates the increase in costs that come with those delays, Mr. Speaker, the increase in costs that come from that bureaucracy so as to make sure the American taxpayer is getting more value for his dollar. Mr. Speaker, it shores up the high-way trust fund, and we will talk a lot about trust funds in this time today. The highway trust fund was going bankrupt. The highway trust fund didn’t have enough money to meet the needs of the American highways, so $70 billion has been transferred into that trust fund to make sure that we are keeping the promises that we have made to America. Mr. Speaker, it has been two decades since America has had this kind of transportation success. We did that to-gether. Open up the newspaper and see the divides and see the failures, but know that this is a success that we had together. Mr. Speaker, I had water resources on America’s to-do list. It had been 6 years since we had passed water re-sources legislation in this body, not in 2008 when Republicans controlled the White House, not in 2009 when Demo-crats controlled everything, not in 2010 when Democrats controlled everything, and not in ’11 or ’12 or ’13, but we have come together, and we have gotten that done. It is not easy. It is hard. It doesn’t happen quickly. It happens slowly and deliberatively. It has been 6 years since we have been able to suc-ceed together in passing what we call the WRRDA bill, Mr. Speaker. Now it is done. Now it is the law of the land. I want to make that clear, Mr. Speaker. I am not talking about bills today that the House has passed and are going nowhere. I am not talking about bills today that the House has passed and the Senate has passed but that are going nowhere. I am talking about bills today on which the House has worked entirely through the proc-ess, on which the Senate has worked entirely through the process, and those which the President of the United States has signed into law—bills that are laws and are making differences for America’s families. This WRRDA bill, the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act, is the most comprehensive policy re-form bill, again, in two decades, Mr. Speaker. It accelerates project delivery because, again, there is no more urgent need—as we see in Flint, Michigan— than having a stable and safe water in-frastructure. Mr. Speaker, it goes into $18 billion worth of projects—projects that have been on the books for years but have failed, projects that folks have not committed the time and resources to complete—and it pulls those back in. It cancels all of those projects, saves that money, and rededicates it to projects that the American people can benefit from; and it strengthens the oversight and accountability because these are American taxpayer dollars we are talk-ing about here. When they go out the door to localities back home, folks de-serve to know they are being used re-sponsibly. It is an increase in oversight and accountability. Again, it has been more than two decades since we have seen something of this kind. We got it done together—Republicans, Demo-crats, House, Senate, and White House. Mr. Speaker, tax relief is on the list for American families, and tax relief was delivered by this body—this Con-gress—and this White House. Mr. Speaker, what Republicans failed to be able to do—and I am not knocking them. It was a difficult environment. I am a hardcore Republican from the great State of Georgia, but when George Bush was in the White House and when Republicans were running the House and when Republicans were running the Senate, they provided tax relief, but they couldn’t make it per-manent. They didn’t have the votes to make it permanent, so it languished out there—families uncertain about what the tax future would hold, busi-nesses uncertain about what the tax fu-ture would hold. Together, in this body, with the President’s signature, we provided 99 percent of Americans the certainty that even George Bush and a Republican House and Senate could not do. Divided government is hard, Mr. Speaker. Divided government is hard. The differences that we have on policy are dramatic, but there is still more that unites us as a Nation than divides us as a Nation. That is true in this Chamber as well, so we came together on tax policy and did that. Taxes were going to go up, Mr. Speaker. In this tough economy, taxes were going to go up on almost every family in the land. We prevented that income tax increase from hitting 99 percent of all Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to prevent the tax increase on 100 percent of Ameri-cans, but I couldn’t get the votes to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.032 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2134 April 29, 2016 
that done, and I know you would have joined me in that. Sometimes you have a choice between can you get some-thing done or will you get nothing done. Mr. Speaker, I promise you, if you are working hard in trying to pro-vide for your family back home, you do not care who is to blame for a problem; you just want the problem fixed. We could have stood around this Chamber and we could have argued amongst our-selves about whether the perfect is the enemy of the good. We did not. We struggled to find agreement, and we found that agreement, and we made a difference for 99 percent of Americans in the struggling economy to date. That counts, Mr. Speaker. We talk about the to-do list as to the Medicare trust fund. Mr. Speaker, back in the late 1990s, when Newt Gingrich was the Speaker of the House and when Bill Clinton was the President, they made an effort to protect the Medicare trust fund from going bankrupt. This is something that has been on the minds of Americans all the way back to 1965. The Medicare trust fund has never been properly funded. Healthcare costs have always had a rate of inflation that has been higher than that of other services, and we have struggled with how to make the math work. They came up with a plan back in 1997 to fix it. The plan didn’t work, and it was going to cause a dramatic reduction in what doctors were reimbursed and a dra-matic reduction in the benefits that were available to senior citizens. Mr. Speaker, so what happened in 2003, when it came time for those first painful cuts to go into place, the first effort to protect the Medicare trust fund? Congress kicked the can down the road. They delayed those cuts from going into place for 1 year. What happened the next year? They delayed it for a year again. The next year, they delayed it again. Then the next year, again and again and again and again—17 times, Mr. Speak-er. We had come together and passed legislation that was designed to pro-tect the Medicare trust fund, and when it came time to actually do the heavy lifting, we kicked that can down the road, all the while having the trust fund becoming more and more and more unstable. We all knew there was a problem, but nobody wanted to take the responsibility of fixing it. Mr. Speaker, in this divided Con-gress, in this divided government, in this Washington that supposedly can’t come together to fix American prob-lems, we passed H.R. 2. It was the first bill out of the gate. Well, it was the second bill out of the gate, but it came right out in front. H.R. 2 was the first Medicare reform proposal to be signed into law in more than 10 years, and it solved a problem that had been created almost 20 years ago but that no Con-gress before or no President before had had the courage to permanently fix. Mr. Speaker, we talk about Medicare as one of the third rails of politics— don’t touch that rail, or else you will be defeated. This body is not about who wins and who gets defeated. This body is about who can make a difference. We needed to make a difference for folks who were relying on Medicare. There were 392 House Members and 92 Sen-ators who supported this bill. We hadn’t been able to fix it for almost 20 years. We hadn’t been able to fix it, so the can had been kicked down the road 17 times. We came together, grappled with it, struggled with it, but ultimately came up with a proposal that almost all of the House and almost all of the Senate could support. They called it the sus-tainable growth rate, the SGR, that eliminated this failing piece of Medi-care policy, that bent the long-term cost curve of Medicare, extending the life of the trust fund. In fact, it cuts the actuarial deficit in Medicare by al-most 10 percent. b1145 This is heavy lifting, Mr. Speaker, that Congress has punted on and punted on and punted on. With the leadership we have here today, with the collaboration that we have here today, not only did we pass it, not only did the Senate pass it, but we were able to pass it into law. There are many parts of Medicare, Mr. Speaker. There is part A, part B, part C, part D. $2.4 trillion, Mr. Speak-er, is the way we bent the cost curve on those various components of Medicare in order to protect and ensure Ameri-cans for another generation that Medi-care would be there for them. Veterans: Mr. Speaker, again, you cannot open up the newspaper today without seeing the way that the sys-tem is failing our veterans. There is nothing that brings us together more in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, than standing up for those who have stood up for us. We did that in the Veteran Access, Choice, and Accountability Act, Mr. Speaker. It was the largest overhaul of veterans health care, again, in more than a decade. When Republicans ran the whole show, we couldn’t get it done. When Democrats ran the whole show, they couldn’t get it done. When we are di-vided, but focused, on crisis in this country, we have come together and we have gotten it done for the first time, Mr. Speaker. For the first time in the history of veterans health care, we have said: If the veterans healthcare system is fail-ing you, but you, as a serviceman or -woman, did not fail us, we are going to give you a process to get outside of that veterans system. We are going to give you a chance to go see your own doctor. We are going to give you a chance to go see any specialist you need. We are going to give you a chance to get the care that we prom-ised you, but that the bureaucratic healthcare system has failed to deliver. Mr. Speaker, in all of these many years of budget cutting that we have talked about—trying to clamp down on spending, trying to make sure that all taxpayer dollars are being accounted for—so many accounts are going down, but veterans spending is going up. Why? Because budgeting is about prioritizing. And when we come to-gether not as Republicans or Demo-crats, but as Americans, we prioritize those who have served us. It is the biggest change in health care for veterans in over a decade, Mr. Speaker, and folks are finally able to get the health care that they need. That is not it. There is more. There is still a system in place that is failing veterans, Mr. Speaker. We couldn’t come together on reforming the entire Veterans Administration. But we did come together on saying that: If you work at the Veterans Ad-ministration and you are failing our veterans, there is no place for you on the Federal payroll. You know how hard it is to get rid of failing Federal employees, Mr. Speak-er. We came together in a bipartisan way to say: If you are in the upper echelons of the VA, we are asking more of you. If you are in charge of serving our veterans, we are asking more of you. If you fail, we are going to ask you to leave so we can get somebody else in there. We streamlined the firing process, Mr. Speaker, to get rid of ineffective employees as we had not done before in Federal employment. Mr. Speaker, let’s talk budgets. You know ending budget deficits is one of America’s priorities. You know getting out of the businesses of mortgaging our children’s future is one of America’s priorities. From 1966 to 2009, Mr. Speaker—and I chose that time because that was the beginning of Medicare and Medicaid, which are two of the largest spending programs on the ledger today. They are two that have ballooned much larger than their authors ever suggested that they would. This is when we got into some really difficult entitlement spending decisions. From 1966 to 2009, that 43-year period, the debt in this country went up by 55 percent relative to GDP. It is still these mandatory spending programs that are driving our debt, but over a 43- year period our debt went up 55 per-cent. Mr. Speaker, in the first 3 years of the Obama administration, our debt went up another 34. For 43 years, it had gone up 55 percent, way too much, but a gradual increase. In 3 years, it went up 35 percent. We went from going up about 1 percent a year to going up 10 percent a year, Mr. Speaker. Today, with this Congress, this House, this Senate, divided govern-ment, from 2012 to 2015, when we have been grappling with this issue to-gether, when we have been looking for answers together, when no side had complete control, but we had to work together to find solutions, we have col-lapsed that increase back down to that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.033 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2135 April 29, 2016 
1 percent a year. There is so much more to do, but we just disagree. The President introduces a budget every year. That budget never bal-ances, not this year, not next year, not 10 years from now, not 100 years from now. The President has different in-vestment priorities than I do. I serve on the Budget Committee. We do a budget every year. It always bal-ances. So I have budgets that balance and budgets that never come to bal-ance. Clearly, that is a big gap to bridge. We have begun to bridge it, Mr. Speaker, collapsing the dramatic in-crease in the debt to levels that are still too high, but don’t threaten our security as years past have. But no one ever believed we would be able to come together to do that. No one ever be-lieved we could work with the Presi-dent to get that done, and, yet, we have. Mr. Speaker, a lot of that comes from the Budget Control Act. One of the best votes I have taken in this institution was the vote for the Budget Control Act. It was the largest reduction in Federal spending in the history of the republic. Hear that, Mr. Speaker. In divided government—in fact, there was a Republican House, Democratic Senate, Democratic President, dra-matically divided government. Power of the filibuster in the Senate. Hard to get anything done. We came together because America needed us to, to re-duce spending in the most dramatic way in the history of the republic. It is not because somebody had all the votes and they jammed it through, but be-cause we worked together to find a pol-icy that made sense. Mr. Speaker, people always think, when you talk about big budget and deficit reductions, that you are talking about some sort of phony Washington, D.C., math. You have seen the exam-ples where you raise spending by $5 in-stead of $10 and then you call that a cut. We have all seen that math. Non-sense. When I talk about budgets, I am talking about real numbers. I am talk-ing about money going out the door. I am talking, even though we have 10,000 men and women a day qualifying for Social Security and Medicare, 10,000 new applicants every day for Social Se-curity and Medicare, working together, we reduced the total amount of money going out the door not just for 1 year, but for 2 years. That is not funny Washington, D.C., math, Mr. Speaker. Those are real numbers, real dollars, going out the door. We bent the curve together. Some of my colleagues might say we did too much. I would say we haven’t done nearly enough, but we came together and we made a difference for deficits. Mr. Speaker, one of the biggest dif-ferences we can make for deficits is putting folks back to work. It turns out you can’t pay taxes if you don’t have a job. You have to have money coming in the door in order to be part of the system. So we focused together on creating American jobs. We focused together on putting families back to work. Again, this is something that unites us. It does not divide us. We have done it in the spirit of trade, Mr. Speaker. We have done it in the spirit of manufacturing. We have passed legislation here that the Presi-dent signed into law that is working today to make sure, if you work in a manufacturing industry in America, you are not disadvantaged relative to foreign competition. If we are trying to export the best products made in the world today, those manufactured by American hands, we are tearing down the trade barriers that are preventing those products from getting into the hands of customers who want them overseas. We have done that together. When it comes to tearing down those trade barriers, Mr. Speaker, America is already virtually a free trade zone. We always say we will play fair with other nations, but other nations don’t always say that to us. So this Congress empowered the President to go out and do those nego-tiations, to tear down those barriers, to make sure that American working families always get a fair shake on the global scene. Mr. Speaker, we haven’t seen that happen in a decade. A Republican Congress came to-gether to work with a Democratic President to say we are all in this boat together. Putting families back to work is not a Republican priority alone, though it is a Republican pri-ority. It is not a Democratic priority alone, though it is a Democratic pri-ority. It is an American priority. That is why America’s House and America’s Congress and America’s President work on it together. Mr. Speaker, that takes me back to where I started. I will put America’s to-do list up here on the board. I talked about the dreary weather outside and kind of the dreary spirit that I feel sometimes when I talk to folks about how Congress is operating and how Congress and the President are work-ing together and how America, in the spirit of self-governance, is succeeding or failing at addressing America’s pri-orities. Mr. Speaker, we did the first roads and bridges bill, $305 billion, in more than two decades. It is more long-term certainty than America had seen in 20 years because it was the right thing to do. We updated the national water pol-icy, Mr. Speaker. We have done more— it was the most substantial, positive improvement to delivering clean water to American citizens than we have seen in more than a decade. We did that to-gether. Tax relief: Mr. Speaker, working to-gether, we prevented taxes from going up on 99 percent of American families. Working together, we did things that George Bush and a Republican Con-gress couldn’t do because they didn’t have the votes 15 years ago. We did that together because it was the right thing to do in this tough economy. Mr. Speaker, we came together on Medicare reform. There were 17 short- term extensions, kicking the can down the road, Congress and the President afraid to take a stand and solve a prob-lem. We came together and did that, Republicans and Democrats, House and Senate, President Obama and Amer-ica’s Congress. Improving veterans health care: Mr. Speaker, for the first time in American history, if the veterans healthcare sys-tem is failing you, we give you an exit ramp to go and see your physician, your specialist, the best that America has to offer, because, as a serviceman or -woman, we have made promises to you and, in a bipartisan, bicameral way, we are committed to keeping those promises. It is the biggest re-forms in more than 10 years. Mr. Speaker, we have cut spending. We have cut spending not with phony Washington, D.C., math, but with real dollars going out the door. The biggest deficit-reduction package in American history we did together, a divided gov-ernment, divided Congress. But it is the right thing to do for the American people, and that is what this Congress is about. Mr. Speaker, that is just the begin-ning of the to-do list. I don’t want to feel like I am tooting the horn of bipar-tisanship in this institution. I didn’t even have education reform on that list. I didn’t have education reform on that list. But we have done it. We have come together in a bipar-tisan way, bicameral, with the White House, signed into law the biggest evo-lution of education policy that we have seen in 10 years. Again, it has been more than a decade since we have come together to make sure that principals, teachers, and parents have more con-trol over the education of children in our communities. We repealed 49 different programs, Mr. Speaker. I am not saying hardcore conservative Republicans repealed them. I am not saying liberal Demo-crats repealed them. I am saying to-gether we scoured the entire Federal education landscape looking for ways to do better for our families back home. When we rolled up our sleeves, when we took off the Republican and Demo-cratic labels, when we all sat down as parents and grandparents and commu-nity leaders about how to do better for our children, we found 49 programs, all of which had a constituency out there, all of which had somebody making a buck off of them, but they were pro-grams that were failing our children and we ended them. We ended them to-gether because it was the right thing to do. It is the biggest education re-forms, Mr. Speaker, again, in more than a decade. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have the time to go through the difference that we are making together. From our veterans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.034 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2136 April 29, 2016 
H.R. 91, H.R. 203, H.R. 313, H.R. 2499, on and on and on, not bills that we have passed here in the House, though we have, but bills we have passed in the House, bills that have been passed in the Senate, bills that the House and Senate have come together on, bills that have been sent to the President’s desk, and bills that the President has signed into law, making a difference. b1200 Mr. Speaker, reducing the size and scope of government. H.R. 1626, H.R. 2029, H.R. 2048, and the list goes on and on and on. Doing things together for our bosses back home because they are going to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, creating jobs and ex-panding economic opportunity. Again, H.R. 2029, H.R. 22, H.R. 1000, S. 535. Mr. Speaker, yes, there are even some bills that originated in the Senate that are delivering for the American people. I am proud to say most of them start with H.R., but there are even a few Senate bills in there. Good ideas from the other body that we took on, that we made better, that we sent to the President’s desk, that he signed. Defending America’s freedom and se-curity, patient-centered healthcare so-lutions. Mr. Speaker, everybody talks about the President’s healthcare bill. You are either for it or you are against it. It is a divisive issue. Nobody talks about the fact that there are parts of the President’s healthcare bill that I believe are broken from the hard core right and that my friends on the left believe are broken, too. And so we have come together not once, not twice, not three times, not five times, but almost a dozen times to repeal parts of the President’s healthcare bill that we all agreed were not serving the American people. Mr. Speaker, at the end of the day, it is not about who can be a good Repub-lican or who can be a good Democrat. It is about who can be a good public servant, and that is never going to make the front page of the newspaper. It is never going to be a part of this Presidential election cycle. It is never going to be in a commercial on TV talking about how successful we are when the cameras go off, when the la-bels come off, and when we are focused on what we all came here to do, and that is to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, we are going to keep going on through this election cycle. There is going to be more division, there is going to be more strife, and there is going to be more finding out who is to blame and whose fault it is. I have gotten to know the men and women in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker. I confess, there were some of them that I wanted to dislike from the get-go. Oh, I wanted to dislikes them. I had seen them on TV, and I knew they didn’t have any merit, didn’t have any busi-ness being here, didn’t have any desire to serve the American people. Mr. Speaker, my confession here today is I was wrong. I was wrong. There are colleagues on the other side of the aisle with whom I disagree with about virtually everything, but for that one small issue on which we find some common ground, they will roll up their sleeves and they will bleed with me and sweat with me until we find a way to make a difference for families back home in their district and mine. Mr. Speaker, there are folks on the other side who come down here on this floor and rail and rail and rail, and it is every partisan tagline that you could imagine, but when the camera goes off, they roll up their sleeves and they get to work on making a dif-ference for their district and for mine. Mr. Speaker, my voice is not loud enough to drown out all the division that is in a Presidential election cam-paign. Mr. Speaker, my voice is not loud enough to drown out all the com-mercials going on all over the country and all the headlines all over the coun-try that talk about how Washington is a big cesspool, and it is broken, and we should just give up on self-governance altogether, but not me. My voice may not be loud enough, but it will be tire-less. I believe in self-governance. I believe that my district has priorities that are going to be different from priorities in another district, and that is okay. I be-lieve that division sometimes brings out the best of ideas, and that is okay. I believe that my colleagues believe that there is no challenge too big for America to confront when Americans confront it together. I do not know what November holds, but I know this: We have the best sys-tem of governance on the planet. It is not easy. It is not clean. It is not sim-ple. But when you put the American people in charge, it is effective. Mr. Speaker, you are not going to sell good newspapers talking about the difference that we make together in self-governance, but we are going to make that difference together. Folks here didn’t come for the headlines. They came to do the things that mattered, and I am proud to work with folks on both sides of the aisle to get that done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2908. An act to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1635. An act to authorize the Depart-ment of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. S. 1875. An act to support enhanced ac-countability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, and for other purposes. S. 2845. An act to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014. f IMPORTANT ISSUES IN THE NEWS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as I listened to my good friend—and I think it is important that we note that our colleagues are good friends and Americans who care. That is why I have come to the floor to challenge the hearts and minds of my colleagues, for my discussion today, as the gentleman that preceded me, will be in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD for my colleagues to peruse and for the American people to peruse. I do take note of the fact, as the gen-tleman recounted the history of budg-ets—and I might say that I, too, spent time working on the 1997 budget. I have been privileged to serve from that time when a bipartisan effort—with every-one, in essence, putting down their ob-structionist perspectives—generated one of the best health insurance pro-grams for our children, called CHIP, that the Nation has seen, that millions of American children are now insured. But it is important to note that the present Republican majority failed to put a budget on the floor for us to vote up or down, primarily because there were Members in their own conference that would not vote because the cuts were not sufficient, even though tril-lions of dollars were cut from edu-cation and many other services that the American people need. Now, I know that the American peo-ple are very independent. There are States that have worked very hard to ensure that their particular citizens in their State are well taken care of, but the one thing I know about the Federal Government, it is the umbrella on a rainy day. I will go home to my district, having suffered the terrible impact of major flooding, 20 inches of rain devastating young families, devastating people who flooded just less than a year ago in May of 2015. Oh, we pulled ourselves up by our bootstraps, tore out carpet, threw out all of our personal posses-sions, but we needed the umbrella, FEMA, that is en route to my district now to help those who cannot help themselves or those who had never flooded in 50 years. So we cannot dis-count the role of the Federal Govern-ment. The United States military is the fin-est in the world. The Affordable Care Act, yes, needs to be fixed in certain areas, but 20 million Americans have gotten insurance, and more Americans have private insurance because they said, you know what, it is the right thing to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.035 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2137 April 29, 2016 
So it troubles me when we talk about a budget that should have been put on the floor that was a combination of the efforts of Democrats and Republicans, and when we listen to the President and work together, but no budget has come because they realize the draco-nian budget that is slashing govern-ment, throwing people out in the streets is not a budget that America can even tolerate. They could not over-come those that didn’t even want that budget. They wanted to cut and slice education, resources to our military, health care, and the environment even more. So I stand in the backdrop of that challenge to challenge this Congress again. I was one of the first Members of Congress to deal with raising the need for serious attention to the Ebola virus as it hit Texas in Dallas. The first American to be diagnosed was in our State of Texas. I began as a member of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security to ask what our airports were doing, how are we assessing those who are traveling into our country, and making sure that the Centers for Disease Control were at my airports, both in Dallas and in Houston, Texas. Now 1 year later or a couple of years later, we are now facing this issue called the Zika virus. I want to be very clear, we are not paying the attention to this that we should. A headline reads: ‘‘Scarier Than We Initially Thought.’’ The CDC, the Cen-ters for Disease Control, sounds a major alarm, a warning regarding the Zika virus. ‘‘Public health officials used their strongest language to date in warning about a Zika outbreak in the United States, as the Obama ad-ministration lobbied Congress for $1.9 billion to combat the mosquito-borne virus.’’ What did I start out by saying? The Federal Government should not run our lives, but it is the umbrella on a rainy day. It is the only entity that can muster the stakes and resources to deal with what the CDC has said is a far more serious issue. If we look at Puerto Rico, they are the eye of the storm. Texas, the eye of the storm. Florida, the eye of the storm. It is important to note that we have not done what we should be doing. As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, which has a core mission of emergency preparedness of State and local govern-ments to be equipped to react to emer-gencies, I am acutely aware of the po-tential for the Zika virus to be a real challenge for State and local govern-ments in the coming months. You need our help. This House has done nothing to re-spond to the President’s request for $1.9 billion in emergency funds. My friends, this is not a frivolous request. What do emergency funds mean? Someone said, just go write a check out of the operating budget of the United States. You want us to be more fiscally responsible than that. We have a budget. We have funding that we have to obligate to the other needs of this Nation. The reason why the Presi-dent rose to the level of the emergency funding, because emergency funding can come immediately outside of the budgeting process and begin to get these dollars to community health en-tities in our States and the Centers for Disease Control, who will have to be dispatched to our States to help if the epidemic becomes uncontrollable. No action. One leader in this House said they are doing absolutely nothing in re-sponse to the President’s request. They don’t want to give him the money. Thank goodness the Senate has just passed a compromise, the other body, $1.9 billion in emergency funding for this important effort that we must have. I come from Houston that has a trop-ical climate, with many climatic simi-larities with other States along the Gulf Coast, parts of Central and South America, as well as the Caribbean. Tropical climates are hospitable to mosquitoes that carry the Zika virus. In addition, Houston has a large and very diverse population that travels to many parts of the Zika virus-impacted zones located throughout Central and South America and the Caribbean where mosquito transmission of the Zika virus is a primary means of expo-sure to the illness. People coming back and forth into the United States, citizens, those who have legal documents will travel across this Nation. There is no reason to point to these individuals and make them scapegoats. We should be prepared. What about vacationers? No matter how much you have spo-ken about the Zika virus, there will be vacationers who will still be going to places because they planned their vaca-tion. They are going right into the heart of the storm. As we well know, those women who will become pregnant will be the prime target for a devastating impact on their embryo, their baby that may be born with severe brain damage, lifelong brain damage. We held a hearing early in March be-cause I knew that I could not wait to educate my community. I called the Zika virus planning meeting along the Gulf Coast that would include doctors, agency officials, community service and faith-based organizations to start to build the bridges between those communities to defeat Zika. As you well know, the summer Olym-pics will be held this year, and all of our American athletes will be going to Brazil. Brazil is also one of the serious sites of the Zika-carrying mosquito. It is a very serious and important effort. Communities across America should not be panicking, but they should be preparing their community health cen-ters, their public health system to con-front the Zika virus if it comes to their community either by way of an indi-vidual who needs treatment or by chance of this mosquito. b1215 So I have called for a national task force on the prevention of Zika virus infections in order to target funding for tropical climate areas, like Hous-ton, south Texas, Florida, and other places in the southern region of the United States that have a tropical pop-ulation, and to focus on the environ-mental cleanup of city water and trash near populated areas. Most people are aware of the extreme flooding—20 inches of rain—that hit my community just 10 to 15 days ago. There were large amounts of sitting water and trash in a tropical area, tires. I visited a site in my district after the rains that had sitting water. It was just an open, welcoming place for the Zika-carrying mosquito. I have also asked for public education campaigns targeting all public and pri-vate pediatric clinics and OB/GYN serv-ices for pregnant women. I need them to be educated that any mosquito re-pellant that does not have the DEET name on it is not sufficient. If you are traveling overseas, your mosquito repellant must say the word ‘‘DEET,’’ which was work that I did in the United States Congress a few years ago when mosquito repellants did not have that word on them. We worked legislatively and with the EPA to en-sure that you knew if it had that com-ponent. And you must be careful in using that as well. We want to provide DEET repellant free to certain high-risk populations, in cooperation with private companies. Demand for DEET products will likely increase because the Zika virus is in the news. We may run out. So it is im-portant that companies need to be alerted to set aside products for trop-ical areas along the south Texas coast and other States along that tropical area going along the Gulf Coast: Ala-bama, as I have said, Florida, Mis-sissippi, and others. And keep children’s wading pools empty of water, my friends. These are goals that should be met. I encourage stakeholders to be calm, but to meet with your infectious disease physicians, who are in all of your com-munities, along with your public health leaders, faith leaders, and oth-ers, to educate about this particular disease. It is important that we move on this call by the President. This is not frivo-lous. This is an effort that is as clear as if we had called a battalion into op-eration—the United States military— because we were under attack. This is prevention—being prepared for poten-tial devastating impact. These are not my words. One of the most renowned infectious disease doc-tors that we have the privilege of hosting in Houston at the Baylor Col-lege of Medicine, Dr. Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine and professor of pediatrics 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.037 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2138 April 29, 2016 
and molecular virology and microbi-ology at the Baylor College of Medi-cine, said the following points: 
Zika virus infections will increase over the next few months. Effects of the infections on pregnant women in the first trimester will be, certainly, dangerous. It will impact on the poor. Leadership to fight the spread of the Zika virus must be local and must start now. 
Dr. Peter Hotez said that this par-ticular mosquito is the greatest killer of people in the world. They are also called the yellow fever mosquito. Now they are acquiring the Zika virus. Dr. Hotez says we are expecting 4 million Zika cases in the next 4 months, and to date, there are over a million cases in Brazil. Remember, we are traveling back and forth. As all of you know, this is a small world. No one is kept from trav-eling internationally. We don’t close our borders, in terms of Americans traveling on business or other respon-sibilities that they have. Pregnancy, during the first trimester of pregnancy if the mother is exposed to the Zika virus, it can invade the central nervous system. Let me say this more clearly. In pregnancy, if the mother is infected in the first tri-mester of pregnancy, it can invade the central nervous system of the devel-oping baby and inhibit brain develop-ment, which can result in stillbirths and brain damage. It occurs in 1 of every 10,000 births. And the rate for Zika virus exposure far exceeds that number. Brain damage undermines the devel-opment either at birth, or the brain fails to develop properly after birth. The child will have difficulty in walk-ing, difficulty in hearing, and difficulty with speech. Not all developmental consequences are known. This is Dr. Hotez: 
Three factors together make Zika virus a threat to poor communities: high concentra-tions of poverty—sitting trash and tires that may be found in many of our more depressed areas—the presence of the mosquitos; envi-ronmental conditions that support mosquito breeding near people; and the lack of re-sources for people to isolate themselves from mosquitos, such as screens, replants, and air- conditioning. 
Now, we all know that on the con-tinent of Africa they have been able to bring down the epidemic of malaria by making sure that charities like the United Nations and the Gates Founda-tion give mosquito nets to the people to assist them. Well, in the United States, I know a lot of people think everybody has air- conditioning and that their doors and windows are closed. That is not true. There are people who have no air-con-ditioning and have their windows open or they have screens that have holes in them. It is sad to think, but it is true. Or they are outdoors. They are walk-ing along places that have this kind of circumstance—not because we want it to be that way, but after a terrible and devastating storm like we had in Hous-ton, we have mounds of trash. I want to thank the mayor of the city of Houston and the Harris County Judge for working diligently on why I asked for extra money for these areas: to clean up these trash areas. Now we have extra trash because we had this terrible flood. People are still out of their homes, and trash is still piled up in many places. We need partnerships critical to de-feating the Zika virus-carrying mos-quitos. Zika virus control requires more than spraying for mosquitos. Mosquito and animal control need to use the best methods for preventing the spread of the disease. We can no longer say that disease is a problem from a foreign country, be-cause it will be a problem here. Dr. Umair Shah said the important lesson from Ebola and Zika is that there is a strong connection between global health and domestic health. So, my friends, I am sounding the alarm not for panic, but preparation and preparedness, education, outreach, personal precaution, and understanding how to move around during this time, to cover up to prevent mosquito bites day and night—prevent the bites day and night—environmental cleanup. If you do not have the spray, use a mos-quito net that you can purchase. It is important to note that the Zika virus is not a local mosquito popu-lation, but it will travel. Travelers must be educated regarding the Zika virus. And if you are wondering about our local atmosphere, let me tell you of the latest news. Thirteen Zika virus cases are now re-ported in Virginia. Two new cases were reported on Thursday, both of them in the northern region of Virginia, ac-cording to the Virginia Department of Health. I did not say Brazil. I said Vir-ginia. There are now 388 cases nation-wide as of Thursday. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 33 with the virus are pregnant. This is an action that we cannot avoid. For anyone that has not seen the Zika virus-carrying mosquito, this is a mighty powerful mosquito. And don’t in any way have me suggest that this is the size of it, but you can see the ele-ments of it; and what we are taught is that it is a pretty strong mosquito, not to be deterred. We must get prepared. So, as we look to the elements of pre-paredness, let me share some other issues that I think need to be ad-dressed. I thought this was so impor-tant. The national media has helped us try to bring it to people’s attention. I put an article in Time magazine my-self, ‘‘Congress Must Act Immediately to Combat Zika Virus.’’ We are serious about this and have to get serious. We cannot have the Senate in a compromise of $1.1 billion on the emergency supplemental that the President has asked for, yet this House has not done anything. We are now going for the district work recess. I will be going home to my district to visit those individuals who are underwater, whose properties are outside of their home, mosquito gathering sites where trash is left not because they want to, but because so much has been torn up because of the water and we are waiting for it to be picked up. My community, my city needs these resources to do massive pickup of tires, massive cleanup of sit-ting water. The Aedes mosquito is the most dan-gerous of the various Zika-carrying mosquitos. You can see that it is none too friendly looking. That is why I came to the floor today. I want to leave with information di-rectly to pregnant women, to give the information that we know to provide them with the importance of the issues that we are confronting. I include in the RECORD letters, Mr. Speaker, that I wrote in March to the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices pleading for the task force. As well, I include a number of other items. I also ask President Obama to look closely at the southern region and rim, where States like Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida are, because they will be the epicenter. Even though there are now 388 cases nationwide, 13 in Virginia, as the sum-mer goes on, this is going to be of seri-ous concern. Let me suggest to you that this is a situation where women who are preg-nant are taking heed. Pregnant women in Houston and their doctors weigh the risks of the Zika virus. This is a very real circumstance. And our climate is very tropical. This mother, Tracy Smith, and her children are at their home. Smith is pregnant with twins, and she is worried about the approach of the mosquito season. So OB/GYN doctors are now having to prepare their mothers. What kind of protection should they take? What kind of mosquito repellant should they utilize? And what meas-ures? Should they have mosquito nets inside their house, even though they may be living in an air-conditioned fa-cility? But what you say for one mother who may have a more economic level of op-portunity than others, you need to say for the entire population of pregnant women, because there is no doubt. Dr. Hotez has said this is going to be a sea-son where we have to be extremely con-cerned about the Zika virus and the Zika-carrying mosquito. So what we are suggesting is mos-quito traps. And they will be in these areas that are attractive to their envi-ronment and their trends: sitting water, dirty water, wading pools. They are not prohibited, if I might say, from getting an airplane ticket. They will get here on their own. We have to take it very seriously. So, I want an immediate response by this House to pass the President’s emergency supplemental and to work with the Senate on the $1.1 billion that has been requested. b1230 It is money to save lives of Ameri-cans. It is money to give pregnant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.038 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2139 April 29, 2016 
women comfort that their newborn child can be born in this country with the best opportunity for survival and, of course, to reach their fullest poten-tial. Many of you have seen the video, tragically, of those babies with small brains that have now been born in countries in South and Central Amer-ica. It is a sentence, although we love everyone, that we should not render to an unborn child. And to that mother who is looking forward to raising that child, either her first or along with her other chil-dren, let me tell you what the Zika virus will do. Pregnant women can be infected with the Zika virus, as I said. The primary way that pregnant women get the Zika virus is through the bite of an infected mosquito. Zika virus can be spread by a man in sex partners. A pregnant woman can pass Zika virus to a fetus. Zika virus can be passed from a pregnant woman to a fetus during pregnancy or at deliv-ery and then that impact comes at a later time. If a pregnant woman is exposed, we don’t know how likely she is to get Zika. If a pregnant woman is infected, we still don’t know how the virus will affect her or her pregnancy. We don’t know how likely it is that Zika will pass to a fetus. We don’t know, if the fetus is infected, if the fetus will develop birth defects. It means that they cannot cure this in the womb. We don’t know whether her baby will have birth defects. We don’t know if sexual transmission of the Zika virus poses a different risk of birth defects than mosquito-borne transmission. So, because we have all these ques-tions, we need the $1.9 billion that the President asked, but we need it to begin to answer these questions and we need to be able to have doctors like Dr. Hotez, a major leader in infectious dis-ease, begin the research to know what is the best repellent not in terms of mosquito repellent, but what is the best scientific response to this das-tardly and predictable potential of the Zika-carrying mosquito coming to the United States and having an impact on all of those who are excited about look-ing forward to the birth of a newborn baby. I hope that, as we return from our work recess, this House and the Repub-lican leadership, as was said earlier on the floor, end any partisan bickering, any debate or disagreement with the President of the United States, and ac-cept the fact that he is the Com-mander-in-Chief and that his experts, the Centers for Disease Control, who are the entity to which all of us in our respective communities immediately turn for assistance on infectious dis-eases or natural disasters as it relates to health care—we call upon them to come to our districts and our States. We ask them to help us and to make sure that we and our healthcare system are doing all that we can to be able to be helpful. I do want to end by saying the reason why we are in such an alarm is there is now no vaccine to prevent or medicine to treat the Zika infection so that, if you are infected, as a mother, there is nothing right now. So we have to work on the research and the preventative aspect in order to protect these unborn children. The illness can be mild, with symp-toms lasting for several days to a week. But it is that unborn child right now and the larger impact we have yet to understand. People may not be sick. They may not be sick enough to go to the hos-pital. They may not die. For this rea-son, people might not realize that they have been affected. That means we don’t know whether their infection can cause someone else to be infected be-cause we need to do more research. We know it is transmitted by this mosquito. We need to make sure we un-derstand whether there is any other kinds of transmissions that we have. We know that there have been Zika travel advisory notices. We know that this is not a happy experience for the countries that we have listed. But I feel compelled to say that the Zika virus has been noted in Cape Verde, the Caribbean, Aruba, Barbados, Bonaire, the Dominican Republic, Gua-deloupe, Haiti, Jamaica, Martinique, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, U.S. territories St. Maarten, St. Vin-cent, The Grenadines, Trinidad and To-bago, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The Zika virus is in Central Amer-ica—Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guate-mala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Pan-ama—Mexico, the Pacific islands, American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, Samoa, Tonga. The Zika virus is in South America: Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guinea, Guyana, Paraguay, Su-rinam, and Venezuela. I am not condemning these places. I am only asking that travelers take caution. And pregnant women need to take counsel from their OB–GYN. So, my friends, our job and task here in this country is to be the umbrella on a rainy day. It is to ensure that the American people have all of the infor-mation that will help them make very important decisions. It is to make sure that our health system and our doctors who are in their offices, in general medicine or in-ternal medicine, have all the informa-tion and tools to be able to determine whether a woman has been infected and happens to be pregnant. So my task here today is to say that we cannot wait. I am disturbed that we now have a week and we have not yet passed the emergency supplemental to help our friends in Puerto Rico, which, as I indicated, have a serious, serious opportunity to be without the re-sources that they need in the tropical climate that they are in to be able to confront the Zika virus. That is a U.S. territory. How unfair that is. To my friends in this House, you can-not wait any longer. When we come back, there needs to be on the floor of the House a bill passing the Senate compromise or the $1.9 billion emer-gency supplemental that the President has asked for, as the Commander-in- Chief. We need to roll up our sleeves. We need to ensure that the American people are taken care of. And I just want to add this: Our mili-tary personnel are in tropical climates. We can treat them with limited dignity absolutely not. They must have both the medical personnel and the equipment to either be of assistance to places where they are, where the epidemic may be, as they did when they were sent to Africa to help set up a hospital structure that did not exist. We don’t know where this will be the worst, and I can assure you that our military personnel may be called on, working with the Centers for Disease Control. Are we going to leave them without the resources they need? I hope not. I take my role on the Homeland Se-curity Committee very seriously. It is our responsibility to deal with the se-curity of this Nation. We have excellent Members who are working hard, such as my dear friend D
ONALD PAYNE , who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. We work together to ensure that America is prepared. Right now this Zika-carrying mos-quito has the potential for being here in the United States and creating havoc among pregnant women and pos-sibly others. What is our task? It is, Mr. Speaker, to do our job and to prepare the Amer-ican people. We owe that to the great and wonderful people of this Nation, to the mothers and fathers expecting that bundle of joy. We owe that to all of them. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, which has a core mission of emergency pre-paredness of state and local governments to be equipped to react to emergencies make me acutely aware of the potential for Zika Virus to be a real challenge for state and local govern-ments in the coming months. This emerging health issue is a matter of great importance and one that must be ad-dressed in timely way through a coordinated effort by federal, state and local government joined with community partners. Houston Texas has a tropical climate with many climatic similarities with other states along the Gulf Coast; parts of Central and South America as well as the Caribbean. Tropical climates are hospitable to mosquitoes that carry the Zika Virus. In addition, Houston has a large and very diverse population that travels to many of the Zika Virus impacted zones located throughout Central and South America and the Caribbean where mosquito transmission of the Zika Virus is the primary means of exposure to the ill-ness. I have identified shared concerns among state, and local agency officials regarding a need to have a plan to address Zika Virus in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.040 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2140 April 29, 2016 
the Houston and Harris County area that would include every aspect of the community. For these reasons, I called the Zika Virus planning meeting along the Gulf Coast that would include doctors, agency officials, com-munity service and faith based organizations to start to build the bridges between these communities to defeat Zika whether it was contracted through travel or mosquito borne transmissions. Houston is fortunate to have diverse com-munity of pastors who serve people in need throughout the area. Part of the Zika Virus re-sponse must be to ensure that we are doing all that we can and should be doing to reach every community. Congresswoman J
ACKSON LEE’s work on environmental mosquito mitigation issues: As Congresswoman I worked with the EPA to get the word DEET on labels for mosquito repellant that contained the ingredient that re-mains the most effective mosquito repellant on the market. CDC recommends that DEET is safe for use on children 2 months of age or older. Congresswoman J
ACKSON LEE’s Action Plan: National Taskforce on Prevention of Zika Virus infections; Target Funding to Tropical Climate areas— like Houston and South Texas in the U.S.; Focus environmental cleanup of sitting water, and trash (tires) near populated areas; Public Education campaign targeting all public and private pediatrics practices and OB/ GYN service for pregnant women; DEET Repellent; Provide DEET Repellent free to certain high risk populations incorporation with private companies [Demand for DEET products will likely increase because of Zika Virus in the news.]; Companies need to be alerted to sit aside product for tropical areas along the South Texas Coast that will have the strongest need for the products; and Keep children’s wading pools empty of water. Goals of the Meeting of Congresswoman J
ACKSON LEE’s March 10 Meeting in Houston Texas: Engage stakeholders in a planning discus-sion on combating Zika Virus: 1. Learn what each agency is doing to ad-dress Zika Virus 2. Calm the community through information 3. Engage key stakeholders outside of gov-ernment and health care in advance of Mos-quito Season 2016 4. Outline the strategy to defeating Zika Virus breeding areas 5. Learn what needs to be done to effec-tively communicate with every community in the Houston/Harris County area 6. Discuss the emergency supplemental ap-propriations proposed by President Obama What is Zika Virus: Zika Virus is spread primarily through the bite of an infected Aedes [A-dees] species mosquito. It is important to remember that 80% of those who get the Zika Virus will feel no symptoms. The most common symptoms of Zika [Zee-Ka] are fever, rash, joint pain, and conjunctivitis (red eyes). The CDC reports based on what they know about the virus to date—Zika virus illness is usually mild with symptoms lasting for several days to a week after being bitten by an infected mosquito. People usually don’t get sick enough to go to the hospital, and they very rarely die of Zika. For this reason, many people might not realize they have been infected. Once a person has been infected, he or she is likely to be pro-tected from future infections. What is being done to address Zika Virus: Federal: President Obama is seeking $1.6 Billion in emergency supplemental appropria-tions to fund Zika Virus mitigation; response, local and state federal agency programs that address environmental clean up; public edu-cation, community engagement, testing; and mosquito abatement. CDC has a disease surveillance unit at Bush Intercontinental Airport. Importance of advocating for the President’s request: Congresswoman JACKSON LEEadvised that offices that will benefit from the resources to fight Zika Virus in their communities should make their views known regarding the emer-gency supplemental appropriations. Speakers: Dr. Peter Hotez, Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine and Professor of Pediatrics and Molecular Virology & Microbi-ology, Baylor College of Medicine, said. 4 Key points: 1. Zika Virus infections will increase over the next few months 2. Effects of the infections on pregnant women (first trimester) 3. Impact on the poor 4. Leadership to fight the spread of Zika Virus must be local Dr. Peter Hotez said that Aedes Aegyptus mosquitoes are the greatest killer of people in the world. They are also called the yellow fever mosquito. Dr. Peter Hotez we are expecting 4 million Zika Virus cases in the next four months and to date there are over a million cases in Brazil. Pregnancy during the first trimester of preg-nancy if the mother is exposed to the Zika Virus it can invade the central nervous system of the developing baby and inhibit brain devel-opment, which can result in: Still births; Microcephaly [occurs in about 1 in every 10,000 births] the rate for Zika Virus exposure far exceeds that number. Microcephaly is brain under development either at birth or brain fails to develop properly after birth: Dif-ficulty walking, Difficulty hearing, Difficulty with speech. [Not all developmental or health con-sequences are known] There are no tests to detect the virus, but not vaccine or cure. Three factors together make Zika Virus a threat to poor communities: High concentra-tions of poverty; the presence of the Aedes mosquitoes; environmental conditions that support mosquito breeding near people and a lack of resources for people to isolate them-selves from mosquitoes [screens, replants, air conditioning, etc.]. Zika virus disease in pregnant women in Bahia, Paraı´ba, and Pernambuco states, sup-ports an association between Zika virus infec-tion during early pregnancy and the occur-rence of microcephaly. Primary source of the virus is through in-fected mosquito bites. People to people trans-missions are rare, but can occur if the virus load in the body is high sexual contact can spread the virus. Leadership must be local; the CDC is only serving in a technical advisory role to local and state governments. Dr. Umair Shah Executive Director for Harris County Public Health & Environmental Serv-ices, said: Key points: 1. Partnerships are critical to defeating Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes 2. Zika Virus control requires more than spraying for mosquitoes 3. Mosquito and animal control use the best methods for preventing the spread of disease Dr. Umair Shah said that the important les-son from Ebola and Zika is there is a strong connection between global health and domes-tic health. We can no longer say that disease is a problem from that foreign country, because it will be a problem for the United States if it is not addressed wherever it might originate. He said that you can only effectively clap with two hands. The partnerships that must be developed among local, state and federal agencies as well as community leaders are critical to the success of winning a fight against the Zika Virus. Mosquito control will not be enough to deal with Zika Virus because the host mosquito that is a primary carrier has evolved to live on human blood—even when given a choice of animal or human blood the Aedes Egypti will choose human blood. It lives near the ground—so spraying in the air will not work; it likes to be near people; it requires very little water to breed; it can hide under leaves, and will seek out homes where people live. Zika Virus response requires a new ap-proach: Education; Outreach; Personal precaution: Cover up to prevent mosquito bites day and night: Slogan ‘‘Prevent the bite day and night’’ Environmental cleanup—removing things that will hold water, small wading pools for children, gutters, grills, tires, toys, trash, etc. If you do not have air conditioning use a WHOPES approved net like Pramax (156 holes per square inch and long enough to tuck under the mattress) Permethrin-treated bed nets provide more protection—do not wash them or expose them to sunlight, which would break down an insec-ticide that kills mosquitoes and other insects. Important to note: Zika Virus is not in the local mosquito population yet. All domestic Zika cases except one have been linked to travel. Travelers must be educated regarding Zika Virus. They should know the symptoms and should seek care. They should not fear being shunned for having the virus. Dr. Dubboun, Director of the Harris County Public Health Environmental Services Mos-quito Control Division, prior to his current pub-lic service he served 25 years in the military. Harris County Health Department Zika Website: http://www.hcphes.org/publications/ hcphes responds/ 2016 zi ka virus/ Key points: 1. Get rid of the mosquito breeding habitat. 2. Ecologically people are the preferred food source for Aedes mosquitoes. 3. No need to panic. 4. The solution to Zika Virus is community involvement. Dr. Dubboun traveled to Brazil to join others in his field to sharing information on mosquito control with the hope of determining the best practices to achieve better results. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.024 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2141 April 29, 2016 
Dr. Dubboun said that the best approach to ending the threat of Zika virus is to get rid of the habitat that is used by the mosquito to breed. Ecologically people are the preferred food source for the Aedes mosquitoes. He said that there was no need to panic be-cause the weather right now (March 10, 2016– April 30, 2016) is not great for mosquito breeding, which means we have time to ad-dress environmental issues that support Aedes mosquito breeding. Spraying will not work to control the Aedes aegypti mosquito because this mosquito does not fly in the air—it stays close to the ground; can breed in very small amounts of water; and hide very well. The solution to fighting the Zika Virus is community involvement in working to minimize the habitats that allow Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes to breed. Dr. Gruber, Assistant Commissioner from Regional and Local Health Services for the State of Texas: Key points: 1. Number of cases in Texas and nearly have are in Harris County they are travel re-lated except one; 2. Core ways to address key elements of a stop Zika effort. Dr. Gruber said that he was there from the state to listen to what was being said and to communicate that the state was planning to support communities in combating Zika Virus. On April 14 the state of Texas there have been 31 confirmed cases of Zika Virus, we know this because the patients were ill enough to seek medical attention and the tests were positive. Twelve of those cases were in Harris County. It is important to note that 80% of people who will be infected will have no symptoms, which means it is not possible to know how many people have returned from travel with the virus or antibodies after having been ex-posed. 1. Core ways to address the existence of Zika Virus: a. Health community communication with the public; b. Correct vector control; c. Surveillance; d. Planning; e. Keep yards clean; i. Communicate to au-thorities any needs for services to assist with clean up or to address environmental issues related to Zika. f. The battle against Zika must be viewed as a community fight—we must enroll people to become members of the Public Health Army. Bishop James Dixon, Community of Faith Church: Key points: 1. The poor are not equipped to protect themselves from anything; 2. Education is key; 3. Access to the Community is essential; 4. Many churches have Haiti Missions that must be educated on this issue; 5. Larger forum to engage the community on the issues of Zika Virus 6. See others in the world as our neighbors, not as foreigners. Bishop Dixon said that we must stop seeing the people of other nations as foreigners but neighbors. People who are poor do not have the means of helping themselves. By the very def-inition of poverty—it is not just a state of being, but a state of existence, a state of mind, and the source of our ability to be com-passionate, not just think compassionately. Education is key to reaching those who are most in need, but breaking through the bar-riers of poverty will require a great deal of ef-fort. People must come from outside of these communities into them to knock on doors, pick up trash, hang mosquito netting, hand out DEET and show people how to use it, help the elderly who cannot do their own yard clean up, share with people the city and county numbers to call to remove trash and tires, and teach people how to police their yards for items that will allow mosquitoes to breed. Prevention of Zika Virus transmission to hu-mans must be the goal. Houston has a very diverse community of pastors, ministers and religious community leaders who should be part of this discussion and the solution. Dr. S.J. Gilbert Houston Metropolitan said that he wanted to bring the Zika Virus issue to the attention of the diverse ministers commu-nity and would support efforts by Congress-woman Jackson Lee. Dr. Raouf Arafat Houston Health and Human Services Office of Surveillance and Public Health Preparedness said: Key points: 1. Houston routinely deals with medical or health related emergencies; 2. The talent in the city and county govern-ment health departments are unmatched in other locations around the nation; 3. We work well together and see each other as partners; 4. The Laboratory serves the entire area with testing services; 5. Training of public health workers is es-sential; and 6. Communication is essential. City of Houston Website on Zika: http:// www.houstontx.gov/health/Epidemiology/ Zika_Virus.html. Dr. Arafat said that through surveillance and public health efforts that Houston routinely re-sponds to and effectively addresses emer-gencies that never see the light of day be-cause they are well managed. Disease control and prevention are areas where Houston excels and very few areas of the country have a combination of very tal-ented people working in city and county gov-ernment on the issue of public health. We have laboratory services that can test for Zika Virus, but only in cases where the CDC guidelines are met, e.g., recent travel to a region with the virus, symptoms consistent with the infection, etc. As I have said the virus carrying mosquitoes are not in the Houston area. My purpose in working on this issue is to make sure that Houston along with other Gulf Coast communities is prepared for the 2016 mosquito season. The U.S. has the experience and we should use it to help other nations, by doing so we also help ourselves. The strength of the U.S. approach is the systems that have been built up and developed over time. These systems allow for us in Houston and Harris County to know if something serious is occurring in the city. On January 1, 2016 people in this field of disease control expressed a position that it was important to start working on Zika Virus issues, but no one else was thinking about the virus. By January 29 everyone was talking about Zika Virus. Stephen Williams, Director of Houston Health Department, said: Key points: 1. There is no need to be alarmed; 2. We have been thinking about this for some time; 3. The key to success will be personal re-sponsibility; and 4. Environmental work has already begun. Community action is important to meeting the challenge and each person must play a part in the overall success of the plan. The school education plans for Zika Virus in Houston Texas will begin in early to late April. During this same period they will be doing 
a visibility campaign for the public to learn about protecting themselves from the virus, which will include multipurpose centers and community health clinics. There is no need for alarm about the topic of Zika, we deal with and take care of situa-tions on a daily basis that no one ever knows about that are serious. We will be successful in Houston if the fund-ing the President requested are approved by Congress. The city of Houston began ramping up waste cleanup in low income areas like the 3rd Ward located in my District by going after illegal dump sites. However, breeding sources in yards is not something the city or county can take care of. If the trash is in a vacant lot or on the side of the road that is the government’s responsi-bility, but private property is the owner’s or oc-cupant’s responsibility. Houston has organized an incident com-mand structure to combat Zika Virus, which is the effort to better coordinate resources and planning across agencies. Houston Sanitation Department is part of that effort. Dr. David Persse, Physician Director, Emer-gency Medical Services, Houston Public Health Authority, said: Key points: 1. Houston Emergency Command Center; 2. Solid Waste Collection efforts; 3. Phase I of Zika Virus Response; 4. Phase II of Zika Virus Response. Dr. Persse said Houston’s Emergency Com-mand Center has been ramped up, which in-cludes Houston Department of Solid Waste, Department of Housing and Air Port Authori-ties, etc. Dr. Persse said Houston and Harris County are in Phase I of the Zika Virus preparation where there is no virus in mosquitoes in the area and the only cases are coming from those who have traveled to areas where the infection is transmitted by mosquito bite. During this phase Houston and Harris Coun-ty will focus on environmental cleanup of breeding sites and education of homeowners about breeding mosquito sites on their prop-erty. Goal: Get rid of breeding sites. Phase II will focus on mosquito breeding and will start in mid-to late April into May. Julie Graves, (Confirmed) MD, MPH, PhD Regional Medical Director Health Service Re-gion 6/5S Texas Department of State Health Services, said: Dr. Graves said that the need to coordinate among all agencies responsible for Zika Virus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.025 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2142 April 29, 2016 
preparation, public education, remediation and control was critical. She said that chikungunya virus spread in the Caribbean was attributed to the lack of cooperation among governments and agencies. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
[TIME, Apr. 20, 2016] C
ONGRESS MUSTACTIMMEDIATELY TO C
OMBAT ZIKAVIRUS 
LOCAL GOVERNMENTS NEED FEDERAL FUNDING  
TO PREVENT OUTBREAKS  (By Sheila Jackson Lee) Members of Congress recently received news so chilling that it is imperative that they take immediate action to approve the about $1.9 billion in emergency funding for Zika preparedness requested by the Obama administration. According to Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Disease, the mosquito that carries the Zika virus, which is already spreading rapidly in Latin America and the Caribbean, has been detected in nearly 30 states and could infect hundreds of thou-sands of people in Puerto Rico. In Brazil, Zika has been identified as the cause in many recent cases of microcephaly, a birth defect resulting in babies being born with small heads and developmental prob-lems. Zika poses a special risk for pregnant women since the virus can be transmitted through the bloodstream to the fetus. Pre-viously, it was thought that Zika was only a problem during the first trimester of preg-nancy, but according to officials at the Cen-ter for Disease Control and Prevention, it has now been learned that the virus is likely to be a problem throughout the term of preg-nancy. In February, the Obama administration re-quested Congress to approve about $1.9 bil-lion in emergency Zika prevention funding, but to date Republican congressional leader-ship has not acted. If Congress does not act to approve the urgently needed funding, fed-eral public health agencies will be forced to divert funding away from research into ma-laria, tuberculosis and a universal flu vac-cine. It is outrageous that the Republican con-gressional leadership is putting at risk the health and safety of hundreds of thousands of persons by refusing to do its job. The im-pact of that failure of responsibility is likely to be felt most severely in the congressional districts like the one I represent in Houston, Texas. Because the summer months in areas along the Gulf Coast and the southwest region of the United States are unusually long and hot, Houston is expected to be an epicenter of any Zika outbreak in the U.S. In impover-ished areas of the city and county, there are many open ditches in residential areas and lots where tires are illegally dumped. These are ideal breeding habitats for Aedes aegypti, the mosquito species that carries the Zika virus. Experts now know that it can also be transmitted in other ways, including sex. Mosquito control will not be sufficient to limit the spread of the Zika virus because the Aedes aegypti has evolved to live on human blood, which it will choose over ani-mal blood whenever it has the opportunity to do so. This breed of mosquito lives near the ground and near people, which limits the effectiveness of areole spraying. The Aedes aegypti mosquito can breed in a habitat as small as a cup of dirty water, it can hide under leaves, and it will seek out homes where people live. To combat the threat posed by Zika, it is essential that the public be enlisted as the first line of defense. But for this effort to be successful, resources must be available to implement community-based mosquito con-trol and abatement programs. That is why I have called upon the Republican congres-sional leadership to approve the requested about $1.9 billion emergency Zika prevention funding immediately, with $100 million dedi-cated to support local government efforts to conduct environmental cleanup activities to remove items in populated areas that pro-mote mosquito breeding. This funding would also support coordinated public-education campaigns to encourage proactive efforts to seek early medical care when Zika virus symptoms are present, or early in a preg-nancy. The funding would also provide the re-sources to teach community residents how to check for and safely address mosquito breeding areas; repair or replace broken or torn door and window screens; and provide DEET mosquito replant products to low-in-come communities and mosquito netting for beds in homes that have no air conditioning. Last month, I convened the first of what are planned to be several strategic planning sessions with state and local officials to pre-vent any outbreak or spread of the Zika virus. Here in Houston and Harris County we are prepared to meet this serious challenge to public health and safety with determina-tion and resolve. All we are lacking is the federal funding needed to succeed. And that is why Congress must act immediately. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 10, 2016. Hon. S
YLVIA MATHEWS BURWELL , Secretary of Health and Human Services, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY MATHEWS BURWELL : I ap- plaud the President and commend his des-ignation of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services as the lead federal agen-cy charged with responding to the threat posed by the Zika virus. I am writing to re-quest that the Department of Health and Human Services establish a National Taskforce on the Prevention of Zika Virus infections in pregnant women and girls. The Zika Virus is a serious illness for preg-nant girls and women. Zika virus can be spread from a pregnant woman to her fetus and has been linked to a serious birth defect of the brain called microcephaly in babies of mothers who had Zika virus while pregnant. Other problems have been detected among fetuses and infants infected with Zika virus before birth, such as absent or poorly devel-oped brain structures, defects of the eye, hearing deficits, and impaired growth. CDC recommends special precautions for preg-nant women. There is no treatment or cure for those infected with Zika Virus. Experts believe the Zika Virus will be a seasonal epidemic for North America, but will primarily affect those states in the south and will flare up in the summer and continue into the fall in tropical zones. As you know, in Texas we have had particularly hot and long summers, with tropical zones along the Gulf Coast that include Houston Texas. There are two types of the Aedes mos-quitoes known to carry the virus that found in the Houston area. Houston will possibly be ground zero for the United States because of environmental conditions that support breeding of mosquitoes that are known to carry Zika Virus in the Americas that are found in close proximity to low income areas and the proximity. Prevention measures con-sist of community based mosquito control programs that are able to reduce vector pop-ulations and personal protection measures to reduce the likelihood of being bitten by in-fected mosquitos. Thank you for your consideration of this request. Very truly yours, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, Member of Congress. f 
THESE ARE THE TIMES THAT TRY MEN’S SOULS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
USSELL ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is an interesting time. Sometimes you think about the literary quote ‘‘These are the times that try men’s souls,’’ but there have been trying times before and there will be again. But our Congress continues to be urged to do things that sound like a great solution, sound like a good, com-passionate thing to do, but when you get to the bottom of them, sometimes they are the most uncompassionate things we could do. For example, there are reports of sex-ual abuse victims who are female being deeply troubled. There are FBI statis-tics that indicate that perhaps 18, maybe 20, percent of women in America have been sexually assaulted. Other types of crimes on females raise the percentage even higher. There are statistics that indicate transgender may be three-tenths of 1 percent. Who knows what the right numbers are? But I think we should be far more compassionate with female sexual abuse victims that comprise such a large number in weighing whether you want to have men come walking in on women in restrooms, dressing rooms. Also, the talk has been this year that we are going to have sentencing reform because it is the compassionate thing to do. We are told that there are massive, massive numbers of people who have been incarcerated in Federal prison for simple possession cases, and we have moved on. We have evolved in this country where we don’t look on those as critically. So it is time to start re-leasing some of those people. Having been a judge of a felony court, I can’t say I did the right thing on sentencing in every case, but I can say I struggled. I got all the informa-tion that was available. I considered it before we ever undertook the sen-tencing hearing. I considered every-thing submitted at the sentencing hearing and wrestled and tried to get to a just and appropriate sentence. Judges do that all over the country. Some think they are being compas-sionate and quickly release criminals, not being quite as dedicated to review-ing backgrounds and the indications of repeat offenses to come. So they re-lease people too quickly, sentence them too lightly, and they go back and commit other offenses. We know from the recidivism rate that is going to happen, but you try 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.026 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2143 April 29, 2016 
your best, as a judge, to do the right thing. Then the thought of someone in Washington that never ever reviewed all of the facts of the case, never heard all of the evidence that you or the jury heard in assessing sentence, who have just got some big picture that they think they may be able to apply and generalize sufficiently—the thought is repugnant that they would come in and say: We are going to have this blanket set aside, a reduction in the sentence that was achieved through a very delib-erative process. b1245 There are also a lot of fallacies and a lot of fiction that has been thrown out regarding sentences, some vast many that have been sentenced to and sitting in Federal prison for just having a lit-tle bit of marijuana; we have got to let those go. Anybody that has prosecuted knows, whether you have prosecuted as a State prosecutor or a Federal pros-ecutor, Federal prosecutors have tradi-tionally not been interested in small possession cases. They are not inter-ested. They weren’t in east Texas. When I was in court, when I have been a prosecutor and a judge, the State prosecutors in east Texas and the Federal prosecutors actually worked very well together. Every now and then there might be a rare case where the State prosecutors would realize that there was a very heinous offense that was committed, but the Federal Court may have a higher range of punish-ment, and because this person is such a threat to society, might ask the Fed-eral prosecutors to take a look to see if this is something you would be inter-ested in pursuing. More often than not it was not. But most of those cases are handled in State court. I don’t have any doubt that we should be reviewing drug offenses when it comes to the new opium-related cases. There have been so many devel-opments. We have got development of synthetics now that were not known, so they are not listed as items that would generate a prison sentence, that do enough damage to individuals that they should be considered to be listed in a crime to possess. So those are things we need to be constantly look-ing at. There is an article from Adam Kredo of the Free Beacon from yesterday. The headline is: ‘‘Obama Administration Freed 19,723 Criminal Illegal Immi-grants in 2015.’’ It says: ‘‘The Obama administration released nearly 20,000 illegal immi-grants convicted of crimes from cus-tody in 2015, according to new figures published by the Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement bureau. The 19,723 illegals freed from custody during the last year had a total of 64,197 convic-tions between them, according to the data. This included 8,324 violent con-victions and 208 homicide convictions.’’ Those are people who came into the country illegally who not only broke our immigration laws to come into the country, but some of them are coming in more than once illegally, some after they have been deported and come back in to commit more crimes, but nearly 20,000 released in 2015, according to Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, according to ICE, and it doesn’t appear that they are all being deported. Certainly if they were, there is no bar to them turning right around and coming back. One man who had, I think it was, nine DWI cases that came before me in a felony court, and the Federal authorities had never been in-terested in deporting him until he had a violent accident. He came before me, and I sent him, appropriately, to pris-on. Within 6 months he is back in my court. So I had to ask, through the in-terpreter, that since I sent him to pris-on, how is he back in my court for a new crime of violence on other people? It turned out that very shortly after I sent him to prison, finally, the Fed-eral authorities acted—just much too late for victims that were involved— and they deported him. According to what he said through his interpreter, they took him down to the border and watched him go across the border. Then as soon as the people that de-ported him left, that same day, that same hour, he came right back across the border. What about all the victims? Do we want to talk about compassion? What about all the victims of the people who have been harmed, hurt, and obviously cases of people being killed because we don’t secure our border, and instead of letting people serve out the sentences that a court very deliberately sen-tenced, they let them go? As if we are some ubiquitous group here in Washington, somehow once you come into the District of Columbia, we are so much wiser than any judge sit-ting on any court anywhere in the Fed-eral system that we know better than they did. I can tell you I have heard from judges from around the country that: If I had known that some jerk in Washington was going to come around and reduce my sentence that I agonized to arrive at, I would have sentenced much more harshly so that the appro-priate sentence would have been what was arrived at by the brilliant, wise, ubiquitous jerk in Washington that set it aside too early. This article from April 12 is: ‘‘Sen-tencing Reform Legislation Would Dis-proportionately Favor Noncitizens.’’ It says: ‘‘U.S. prisoner data clearly shows two things. One, the majority of low-level drug offenders are serving their sentences in State, not Federal prisons. Two, most of those incarcer-ated in Federal prison for drug charges are noncitizens. While it may be worth-while to pursue reform at the Federal level, it will do very little to address the problems identified by proponents of sentencing reform, and it would do almost nothing to reduce sentences for U.S. citizen drug offenders.’’ In fact, on further down it says: ‘‘As of April 7, 2016, there were 196,285 prisoners in the custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons, with 46.5 percent of these prisoners—91,270—sentenced for drug offenses. The percentage of pris-oners incarcerated for drugs is just over 2
1⁄2times greater than the State prison population. However, overall, there are fewer prisoners serving time in Federal prison for drug charges than in State prisons,’’ which have 212,000. ‘‘The Federal Government collects data differently for State and Federal prisoners. In order to get the break-down of offenses for Federal drug pris-oners, data from the U.S. Sentencing Commission is available. Looking at the sentencing statistics from FY 2007 to FY 2015, a clear distinction between Federal and State prison populations is that the proportion of Federal pris-oners serving time for drug possession is much higher than that for State prisoners, and Hispanics are dispropor-tionately represented among Federal drug inmates . . . There is a higher ratio of Hispanics serving drug sen-tences for both trafficking and posses-sion convictions in Federal prisons. As Daniel Horowitz points out, this is be-cause many of the drug offenders in Federal prison are serving sentences for drug convictions related to the il-licit drug trade on the U.S.-Mexico bor-der. ‘‘In response to a congressional re-quest regarding sentencing data for Federal drug offenses, the U.S. Sen-tencing Commission sent data showing that 95 percent of the 305 individuals serving time in Federal prison for sim-ple drug offenses are noncitizen . . . only 13 simple possession cases were tried in nonborder districts in FY 2014 . . . In a letter sent to Senator J
EFF S
ESSIONS last fall, the Federal Bureau of Prisons reported that 77 percent of individuals convicted of Federal drug possession charges and more than 25 percent of individuals convicted of Fed-eral drug trafficking charges in FY 2015 were noncitizen.’’ Sometimes graphs give us a good look and give us a better picture of what we are talking about than a word picture does. So here is what the Fed-eral Bureau of Prisons reported last fall, that of all the people in prison, in Federal prison, U.S. Federal prison for drug possession charges and convic-tions, 77 percent are noncitizens of the United States. That is right. We are using our United States prisons when it comes to Federal possession of drugs. Seventy- seven percent of them housed are non-citizens. Twenty-three percent of those in Federal prison for drug possession charges and convictions are citizens of the United States. ‘‘The profile for Federal drug pris-oners is different than at the State level, and this is why Congress needs to recognize and address these differences when crafting legislation that will ef-fect this population. Federal drug and immigration enforcement are for now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.042 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2144 April 29, 2016 
inextricably tied together, and Mexi-can drug cartels are a serious threat to public safety. A serious debate over how to best address the War on Drugs and its effects on American commu-nities can not ignore the immigration component. ‘‘Sentencing reform bills reducing penalties for some Federal prisoners . . . are being portrayed by their sup-porters as a long overdue corrective to harsh sentencing laws for individuals who violate Federal drug laws, which they argue create racial disparities in the Nation’s prison population. ‘‘Reforming drug sentencing laws is one thing. Releasing criminal aliens back into U.S. interior is quite an-other. The Obama administration has already shown its willingness to do the latter, including those who were deemed to be criminal threats to the public. Without a bill with strong, clear language and, most importantly, a Congress willing to extend oversight over the executive branch, it is plain that the sentencing reform legislation likely to soon come before Congress will accomplish little more than to provide an early release for dangerous criminal aliens, while still failing to hold President Obama to account for his failure to enforce U.S. immigration law.’’ This article from Daniel Horowitz from this month’s Conservative Review said: ‘‘Yes, it was all an April Fool’s joke. The entire rationale and premise on which the top legislative priority of the D.C. people was built is an illusion. On a Federal level, there is no wide-spread epidemic of people being locked up for nonviolent drug offenses. ‘‘The entire debate over the prison population on a Federal level is absurd. Proponents of jailbreak legislation speak about the issue in the abstract and concoct all sorts of myths as to who is sentenced for Federal crimes. ‘‘This is, in fact, a finite and verifiable population. Why don’t we stop talking past each other and actu-ally take a look at what is the 800- pound gorilla behind the Federal crimi-nal justice system?’’ b1300 From there he goes on to talk about illegal immigration and the effect on our prisons. He said: ‘‘What is clear when you juxtapose the total convictions to the large num-ber of immigration-related sentences and the drug trafficking convictions, the 800-pound gorilla in the room when dealing with Federal crimes, is—illegal immigration. Both directly, by clog-ging up the system with immigration cases, and indirectly, through the open border and drug cartels and prolifera-tion of drugs, more than half of all Federal sentences are a byproduct of immigration and the drugs that are brought in as a result of the porous border . . . Hence, the entire premise of Federal jailbreak legislation—that there are infinite numbers of individ-uals serving time in Federal prison for ‘nonviolent drug offenses’—is complete bunk. ‘‘If we would deal with the immigra-tion problem and keep out much of the drug infestation by building the fence’’—it doesn’t have to be a wall— ‘‘and implementing visa tracking, both the direct effects of immigration and the drug problem, which is a byproduct of immigration, would reach a manage-able level. We would save a lot of money on incarceration costs and dra-matically reduce the prison popu-lation, all without risking the safety and security of Americans by indis-criminately and retroactively releasing violent criminals into our commu-nities.’’ And people should understand, what most prosecutors will tell you is, espe-cially in the Federal system—they don’t have plea agreements like nor-mally you find in most States—they agree on what charges they will allow a defendant to plea to and which ones they will drop. So, if there is violence in an offense, if there is a gun used in a drug offense or violence in a drug of-fense and a Federal prosecutor is try-ing to get someone involved for car-rying out that violent drug offense, but they know they want to get the guy that is over this one, they want to get the bigger fish and the even bigger fish, they are going to have to have some kind of negotiation at that level. And what they negotiate is: ‘‘All right. We will leave off the violent part of this offense and let you plead to that,’’ or, ‘‘We will leave out the burglary,’’ or, ‘‘We will leave out this other. We will leave out something else and we will let you plea to this, and the State has agreed they won’t pursue that bur-glary.’’ They work out an agreement so that part of the offense that would have gotten them a much more severe sentence is left out in return for their cooperation to go after the bigger fish. So when somebody in Washington that has not analyzed the facts of each case and the reason for the rec-ommended charge to be accepted by the court goes about and just releases somebody, they are normally going to do an injustice to the victims. Some say drugs are a victimless crime. Some are tempted to think that until they look at the involvement of drugs and violent crime in burglaries. It is phe-nomenal. With a porous border the way we have, we see the drugs pouring in. And I literally say ‘‘we see.’’ We had a hearing yesterday with a lady who lived down near the border. Actually, she pointed out that our Fed-eral law enforcement immigration offi-cials are about 25 miles north of the border. We are not enforcing the border there in Arizona where she was point-ing out. She and her husband put up video cameras and displayed it in the hearing. Clearly, these were guys car-rying big amounts of something, appar-ently drugs, passing by back and forth, just bringing drugs into America be-cause we were not enforcing and secur-ing our border and our country. If we want to have true sentencing reform, it should not be undertaken until the border is secure so that we know we are not releasing more crimi-nals to the interior of the United States to commit more crimes and to be back involved in the drug trade. I know some years back, after I got here, Congress decided to make it more difficult for people to get Sudafed be-cause it was used in the process of pro-ducing methamphetamine. In east Texas, cooking methamphetamine was a problem. But most of the cooks stunk, so when people would smell something violent and they called in, immediately law enforcement would think, oh, maybe some meth is being cooked. They would go, and often that was the case. So we made it hard for law-abiding people to get Sudafed that works a whole lot better than Sudafed with any initials after it that is not true Sudafed. Some in the DEA and law enforce-ment back in Texas tell me what has happened: Yeah, we were able to shut down a lot of methamphetamine cook-ing in Texas, but since our border is so porous, the drug cartels in Mexico right across our border are pouring through synthetics and far more potent drugs. They are hooking our young people, our Americans, on drugs that are harder to get off of and induce more unpleasantness and crime. We really didn’t solve anything be-cause we didn’t deal with what was called the 800-pound gorilla in the room. It is illegal immigration. It is an unsecured border. And, of course, some can’t help but raise questions about political motiva-tion. Because when you are trying des-perately to win, say, a Presidential election or a local election, say, in Vir-ginia, and you know from surveys that have been done, if you can restore the voting rights to people that have been in prison, a big majority of those will vote Democrat, and then when you think about the potential—wow. So if we just cut loose a massive number of illegal immigrants that are in prison, and then you have a Gov-ernor like you have in Virginia who then says, hey, we are going to let fel-ons have voting rights, never mind you are not supposed to vote unless you are a U.S. citizen, we are finding that there is fraud in elections despite what some say. My friend John Fund had a good book on the fraud involved in elections and the voting process around the country. Look, if we are going to stop from disenfranchising real voters and real American citizens, then we have got to make sure that we have legiti-mate voters. That means voter ID. Why not? I mean, you have got to have an ID to do much of anything in this country. Why not have one and make sure that the disenfranchising process is not happening because we make sure that every voter is a legitimate voter? Those who were worried about it pre-venting minorities from voting, go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.044 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2145 April 29, 2016 
look at places like Georgia. It has been established that, when photo ID re-quirements were added, there were ac-tually more minorities that voted after that. It didn’t just disfranchise the mi-nority. What it disenfranchised were people that wanted to vote as illegal aliens or illegally. But parenthetically, Mr. Speaker, I can’t help but wonder if you were the head of a political party, hypo-thetically, if you were the head of a po-litical party and your party believed their hope for winning the next elec-tion was to get people who were felons to vote, whether they reformed or not, maybe it is time to take a look at what your party stands for. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HONORING THE FINCA VIGIA FOUNDATION: A VERY SPECIAL U.S.-CUBA COLLABORATION TO RESTORE AND PRESERVE THE CUBAN HOME OF ERNEST HEM-INGWAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor The Finca Vigia Foun-dation, based in Massachusetts, and the extraordinary model it provides of what Americans and Cubans working together can accomplish. Over the past 13 years, this special collaboration has restored and pro-tected the home, documents, and re-lated materials of Ernest Hemingway’s home in Cuba, the Finca Vigia, located 12 miles outside of Havana, in the vil-lage of San Francisco de Paula. Like so many stories on Capitol Hill, this one began when a visitor from Massachusetts walked into my office. Jenny Phillips had an interesting story to tell because her grandfather was Er-nest Hemingway’s editor and long-time friend, Maxwell Perkins. She and her husband, Frank, had traveled to Cuba earlier that year to visit the Finca Vigia, which the Cubans had lovingly cared for and operated as a museum since Hemingway’s death. We are grateful to those Cubans be-cause there would be no Hemingway House without their decades of devo-tion to his memory and his legacy. In addition to touring the house and grounds, Jenny and Frank also saw thousands of Hemingway documents and photographs that were in boxes and containers in the basement, most un-known to writers and researchers. They recognized the priceless value of these papers to Hemingway scholars worldwide, but they also knew that the political divide between the United States and Cuba made their preserva-tion and accessibility a problem. Listening to her describe what was at stake, we took the first steps that would result in a wonderful binational process to save Hemingway’s docu-ments; preserve the architecture and physical structure of his home; restore his famous boat, the Pilar; and con-serve and protect the contents of his home, including original furniture, clothing, a 9,000-volume library, origi-nal galley proofs and manuscripts, and over 4,000 photographs. Time and trop-ical climates are not kind to these deli-cate materials. Partnering with the Social Science Research Council here in the United States, the Cuban Ministry of Culture, and the Cuban National Cultural Herit-age Council, the CNPC, a plan of action was outlined to carry out a joint pres-ervation project in Cuba and to con-serve digitized and microfilm copies of all documents located in Hemingway’s home to the John F. Kennedy Presi-dential Library and Museum and to the Cuban National Cultural Heritage Council. In 2002, a Memorandum of Under-standing was signed between Eric Hershberg with the Social Science Re-search Council; Dr. Marta Arjona Perez of the CNPC; and witnessed by Frank and Jenny Phillips; Sandra Spanier with Pennsylvania State University and general editor of the Hemingway Letters Project; Sean, Angela, and Hilary Hemingway, who are the grand-son, daughter-in-law, and niece of Er-nest Hemingway; President Fidel Cas-tro; and myself. Dozens of Cubans and Americans attended the signing, in-cluding my wife, Lisa. Since then, scores of Cubans and Americans have worked together to make the dream of preserving this priceless legacy of Ernest Hemingway a reality. b1315 This includes officials at the State Department, at the Commerce Depart-ment, and at the Department of the Treasury in both the Bush and Obama administrations who recognized the importance to America and the world in saving Hemingway’s cultural history in Cuba and helped the project navi-gate the complicated requirements of U.S. regulations and license applica-tions. I would especially like to note and thank the many Cuban cultural offi-cials and preservation, architectural, museum, and technical experts who made this dream come true. And I apologize if I leave anyone out. I would like to begin with Cuban President Fidel Castro, whose uncondi-tional support was essential to moving this project forward, as well as Josefina Vidal during her service at the Cuban Interests Section here in Wash-ington and later, following her return to Havana. I want to highlight the role of then- Minister of Culture, the iconic Abel Prieto, who was such an enthusiastic and encouraging voice when we first began reaching out to Cuban officials in 2002, as well as his successors, Rafael Bernal and the current Minister of Cul-ture, Julian Gonzalez Toledo. Central to the success of the restora-tion and preservation of Hemingway’s house, grounds, and its contents are: Marta Arjona Perez, now deceased, who was the visionary voice on the project when she was president of the Cuban National Cultural Heritage Council, the CNPC; Gladys Collazo Usallan, who is the current president of the CNPC, as well as her predecessors Manuel Palacios Soto and Margarita Ruiz Brandi; Nestor Garciaga, vice president of the CNPC and chief conservator of the Hemingway papers; Gladys Rodriguez Ferrero, long asso-ciated with the Hemingway collection and buildings and the former director of The Finca Vigia Museum, has been one of the most influential voices and actors in the preservation and restora-tion projects; Ada Rosa Alfonso, the current direc-tor of The Finca Vigia Museum, and Isabel Ferrero, the current deputy di-rector of the museum; Architect Enrique Hernandez Castillo; Structural engineer Livan Yanes Diaz; Historic preservation architects Fer-nando Sanchez Rodriguez and Marco Antonio Vidal Garcia; Conservators Elisa Serrano Gonzalez, Liabys Alfonso Perez, Rosalba Diaz Quintana, and Roberto Abaen Siglen; Arborist Rafael Ibanez San Miguel and Manuel Valle Lopez from the Insti-tute of Forestry Research. Their leadership, participation, ex-pertise, vision, and generosity have been the essential heart of this success-ful collaboration. I know I speak for many Americans when I say that we share their pride and joy in having participated day by day in the restoration and preservation of Hemingway’s legacy in Cuba. I count each of them as a valued col-league and as a friend, and I feel hon-ored to have had the privilege, even in a small way, of having worked with them on this historic project. Initially known as the Hemingway Preservation Foundation, the nonprofit Finca Vigia Foundation has been the critical coordinating agent of U.S. pro-fessionals and technical experts who have contributed their expertise, skills, time, and passion to this major preservation undertaking. Since 2004, the Foundation has har-nessed the talents, skill, and collabora-tion of the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Social Science Re-search Council, Mystic Seaport, and the Northeast Document Conservation Center to create teams of engineers and architects, of preservationists and document conservators, and of bota-nists, builders, and photographers to: Architecturally restore and preserve Hemingway’s home to its 1950s splen-dor; Restore Hemingway’s famous yacht, the Pilar; Conserve and digitize more than 10,000 documents, 4,000 photographs, and 5 rare Hemingway scrapbooks; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.045 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2146 April 29, 2016 
Preserve these original documents in Cuba and bring digital images to the United States to the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in Boston; Design, in a joint U.S.-Cuban collabo-ration, an onsite archival storage facil-ity with wet and dry conservation lab-oratories. There are so many individuals, U.S. companies, and foundations that have made the restoration of Hemingway’s house a personal passion. They have dedicated time and talent, materials, and funding to this initiative for over a decade. I would just like to mention a few: First are the foundations whose early contributions allowed this project and The Finca Vigia Foundation to get its feet on the ground, explore with its Cuban partners how to bring this dream to fruition, and put the first cor-nerstones in place. They are the Ford Foundation, the J.M. Kaplan Fund, The Christopher Reynolds Foundation, the Stewart Mott Charitable Trust, and the Rockefeller Foundation. Next, I would like to recognize the National Trust for Historic Preserva-tion, which has recognized The Finca Vigia Foundation in Cuba as a U.S. Historic Preservation site—the only such site outside of the United States— and whose experience and technical ex-pertise in preservation and cultural conservation have been invaluable. I would especially like to note the contributions of Richard Moe, the former President of the National Trust, and Paul Edmondson, the current gen-eral counsel with the National Trust for Historic Preservation. Several foundations and U.S. compa-nies have been involved directly in the preservation projects or in providing fi-nancial support for this work. The lead sponsor for document con-servation has been the EMC Corpora-tion, headquartered in Hopkinton, Mas-sachusetts, and especially Bill Teuber, Chris Goode, and Joel Schwartz from the company. EMC also reached out to Intel and Emulex, which also provided financial support to the project. The lead sponsors for the construc-tion of archival storage and conserva-tion laboratories are the Caterpillar Foundation and Caterpillar, Inc., along with the AT&T Foundation, the Ford Foundation, and American Express. U.S. professionals who have been critical contributors and participants in the technical, document conserva-tion, construction, and architectural teams are William Dupont, the former chief architect with the National Trust for Historic Preservation and currently a professor at the University of Texas, San Antonio; architect planners Leland Cott and Henry Moss with Bruner/Cott & Associates; structural engineer Mi-chael Henry with Watson & Henry As-sociates; structural engineer Robert Silman with Robert Silman Associates; landscape architects Patricia O’Donnell with Heritage Landscapes; preservation architect Mary DeNadai with John Milner Architects; and Ron-ald Staley, a construction specialist from Christman Company in Lansing, Michigan. Also very much involved are collec-tions conservationist Wendy Claire Jessup and wooden boat curator Dana Hewson with Mystic Seaport. In the first years of this project, at-torney Thomas D. Herman provided in-valuable pro bono advice, and attorney Michael Gurdak and his team from Jones Day have provided essential services throughout the project. Special recognition must also be paid to the tireless work and engagement of Mary-Jo Adams and Robert Vila. Mary- Jo is the executive director of The Finca Vigia Foundation and is its very heart, soul, and beating blood. Without her efforts, this project would not have been possible. Bob Vila is a builder, a well-known TV host especially of the PBS program ‘‘This Old House,’’ and is a recognized building consultant. Bob has been in-volved on the ground in Cuba with overseeing every phase of the restora-tion of Hemingway’s house and grounds. Along with Jenny Phillips, he is the co-chair of The Finca Vigia Founda-tion, but more than anything, we know that, when Bob is on site in Cuba, all is right with the world and, if it isn’t, he will make sure that it is. Finally, I would like to recognize the work of Michael Mershon, who recently left my staff and who worked with me for over a decade on the Hemingway project. Right now U.S. and Cuban technical teams are constructing a facility on the grounds to carry out on-site archi-val storage with wet and dry conserva-tion laboratories. Known as the ‘‘tall-er,’’ which means ‘‘workshop’’ in Span-ish, this facility will ensure the lon-gevity of the Hemingway papers. It will be the first building constructed in Cuba using U.S. materials and inge-nuity since the 1950s. The Cuban Ministry of Culture views this project as a possible prototype to be replicated across the country in the preservation of cultural heritage. The construction of this critical facility is possible because of the new regulations announced by President Obama in De-cember of 2014. With very little money and largely during a period of daunting obstacles created by a tense political climate, The Finca Vigia Foundation and its team of experts, in close collaboration with Cuban professionals and experts, have done a great service for the Amer-ican people, the Cuban people, and, in-deed, all of the people of the world. With passion and professional skill, they recognized that the life, memory, books, papers, and home of Ernest Hemingway are above politics and poli-cies, which are fleeting, while art is eternal. They understand that the leg-acy of Ernest Hemingway is a shared heritage, belonging to both Cubans and Americans, and in one of the best mod-els of what can happen when Ameri-cans and Cubans collaborate, they have made sure that it will never be lost. I am so very grateful to Jenny and Frank Phillips for walking into my of-fice 13 years ago and sparking a re-markable and personal journey for me. It has offered me the rare privilege to meet and work with so many extraor-dinary Cubans and Americans and to participate in preserving our shared heritage around the life and artistic achievements of Ernest Hemingway. I cannot wait to see what the next chap-ter brings. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HON-ORABLE STEVE ISRAEL, MEM-BER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable S
TEVE  I
SRAEL , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 29, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: I, Steve Israel, am submitting my resignation from the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Acad-emy effective immediately. It has been a privilege and honor to serve in this position and one that I will never forget. I believe strongly in the importance of ro-bust programming for future and current military leaders facing ever evolving threats and challenges and West Point exceeds this standard with the top-notch education pro-vided to cadets. In my visits to the Academy, I have been profoundly impressed by the leadership, students and staff, who should be commended for their service to our country. I look forward to continuing to work with the Academy moving forward as a member of the House Appropriations Committee and value my time on the Board of Visitors tre-mendously. Sincerely, S
TEVE ISRAEL , Member of Congress. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of med-ical procedure. Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of official business in district. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1875. An act to support enhanced ac-countability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S. 2845. An act to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014; to the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29AP7.047 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2147 April 29, 2016 
on Foreign Affairs; in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1493. An act to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 2908. An act to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1890. An act to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal ju-risdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, May 3, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5215. A letter from the Principal Deputy Under Secretary, Policy, Department of De-fense, transmitting a report on the activities of the National Guard Counterdrug Schools during FY 2015, pursuant to 32 U.S.C. 112 note; Public Law 109-469, Sec. 901(f)(1); (120 Stat. 3537); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5216. A letter from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Finalization of Interim Final Rules (Subject to Any Intervening Amend-ments) Under Consumer Financial Protec-tion Laws (RIN: 3170-AA06) received April 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5217. A letter from the Deputy Director, Di-vision of Coal Mine Workers’ Compensation, Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Black Lung Benefits Act: Disclosure of Medical Information and Payment of Benefits (RIN: 1240-AA10) re-ceived April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5218. A letter from the General Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Em-ployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Pay-ing Benefits received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5219. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Federal Traumatic Brain Injury Program report cov-ering FY 2014 and 2015, pursuant to Sec. 1252 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d-52) and Sec. 1253 of the act, as amended by the Traumatic Brain Injury Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 300d-53); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5220. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s withdrawal of RG 3.29 — Preheat and Interpass Temperature Control for the Weld-ing of Low-Alloy Steel for Use in Fuel Re-processing Plants and in Plutonium Proc-essing and Fuel Fabrication Plants [NRC- 2014-0070] received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5221. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s withdrawal of RG 3.28 — Welder Qualifica-tion for Welding in Areas of Limited Accessi-bility in Fuel Reprocessing Plants and in Plutonium Processing and Fuel Fabrication Plants [NRC-2014-0069] received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5222. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision 4 of RG 1.134 — Medical Assessment of Licensed Operators or Applicants for Oper-ator Licenses at Nuclear Power Plants re-ceived April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5223. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s withdrawal of RG 1.1 — Net Positive Suction Head for Emergency Core Cooling and Con-tainment Heat Removal System Pumps [NRC-2015-0107] received April 26, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5224. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s withdrawal of RG 10.1 — Compilation of Re-porting Requirements for Persons Subject to NRC Regulations [NRC-2014-0144] received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5225. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision 1 of RG 1.124 — Response Strategies for Potential Aircraft Threats received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5226. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision 2 of RG 1.60 — Design Response Spectra for Seismic Design of Nuclear Power Plants received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5227. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s withdrawal of RG 1.37 — Quality Assurance Requirements for Cleaning of Fluid Systems and Associated Components of Water-Cooled Nuclear Power Plants [NRC-2014-0158] re-ceived April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5228. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision 3 of RG 1.138 — Laboratory Inves-tigations of Soils and Rocks for Engineering Analysis and Design of Nuclear Power Plants received April 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5229. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report covering the period from December 13, 2015, to February 10, 2016 on military force against Iraq, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 102-1, Sec. 3 (as amended by Public Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 1501A-422) and 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 107-243, Sec. 4(a); (116 Stat. 1501); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 5230. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a Report to Congress on Gifts Given by the United States to Foreign Indi-viduals for Fiscal Year 2015, pursuant to 22 U.S.C.A. 2694; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5231. A letter from the Inspector General, U.S. House of Representatives, transmitting the results of an audit of the U.S. House of Representatives’ annual financial state-ments for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 5232. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-preme Court of the United States, transmit-ting amendments to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2075; Added by Public Law 88-623, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 103-394, Sec. 104(f)); (108 Stat. 4110) and 28 U.S.C. 331; June 25, 1948, ch. 646 (as amended by Public Law 110- 177, Sec. 101(b)); (121 Stat. 2534) (H. Doc. No. 114—127); to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed. 5233. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-preme Court of the United States, transmit-ting amendments to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2074(a); Added by Public Law 100-702, Sec. 401(a); (102 Stat. 4649) and 28 U.S.C. 331; June 25, 1948, ch. 646 (as amended by Public Law 110-177, Sec. 101(b)); (121 Stat. 2534) (H. Doc. No. 114—128); to the Committee on the Judi-ciary and ordered to be printed. 5234. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-preme Court of the United States, transmit-ting amendments to the Federal Rules of Ap-pellate Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2075; Added by Public Law 88-623, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 103-394, Sec. 104(f)); (108 Stat. 4110) and 28 U.S.C. 331; June 25, 1948, ch. 646 (as amended by Public Law 110- 177, Sec. 101(b)); (121 Stat. 2534) (H. Doc. No. 114—129); to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed. 5235. A letter from the Chief Justice, Su-preme Court of the United States, transmit-ting amendments to the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure that have been adopt-ed by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2075; Added by Public Law 88-623, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 103-394, Sec. 104(f)); (108 Stat. 4110) and 28 U.S.C. 331; June 25, 1948, ch. 646 (as amended by Public Law 110-177, Sec. 101(b)); (121 Stat. 2534) (H. Doc. No. 114—130); to the Committee on the Judi-ciary and ordered to be printed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.027 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2148 April 29, 2016 
5236. A letter from the Chair, United States Sentencing Commission, transmitting amendments to the federal sentencing guide-lines, policy statements, and official com-mentary, together with the reasons for amendment, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 994(p); Public Law 98-473, Sec. 217(a) (as amended by Public Law 100-690, Sec. 7109); (102 Stat. 4419); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5237. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Lewis-Clark Valley Viticultural Area and Realignment of the Columbia Valley Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015-0005; T.D. TTB-136; Ref: Notice Nos.: 149 & 149A] (RIN: 1513-AC14) received April 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5238. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the report to Congress entitled, ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Commercial Repayment Center in Fis-cal Year (FY) 2015’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(h)(8); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1893 (as amended by Public Law 109-432, Sec. 302(a)); (120 Stat. 2992); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mr. D
OLD, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. S
HIMKUS ): H.R. 5122. A bill to prohibit further action on the proposed rule regarding testing of Medicare part B prescription drug models; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. M
EEHAN ): H.R. 5123. A bill to ensure that the United States provides for the families of law en-forcement officers, firefighters, and other emergency responders who fall in the line of duty; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. L EWIS): H.R. 5124. A bill to enforce the Sixth Amendment right to the assistance of effec-tive counsel at all stages of the adversarial process, to confer jurisdiction upon the dis-trict courts of the United States to provide declaratory and injunctive relief against sys-temic violations of such right, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F
ARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R USH, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
HERMAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, Ms. B ASS, and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ): H.R. 5125. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to discourage corporate in-versions and to impose tax on unrepatriated earnings and unrecognized gains in connec-tion with corporate expatriations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5126. A bill to enhance the early warn-ing reporting requirements for motor vehicle manufacturers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS ): H.R. 5127. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to extend the exclusivity period for certain drug products developed or labeled so as to reduce drug abuse, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. ROBY (for herself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 5128. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a grant pro-gram to improve the monitoring of mental health and substance abuse treatment pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. V
ALADAO ): H.R. 5129. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to issue permits for recreation serv-ices on lands managed by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. M
OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. E
DWARDS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R USH, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. F ARR, Ms. B ASS, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, and Mr. R ICHMOND ): H.R. 5130. A bill to enhance public health and safety by improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal prison system for incarcerated pregnant women and moth-ers by establishing a pilot program of crit-ical-stage, developmental nurseries in Fed-eral prisons for children born to inmates, with risk and needs assessments, and risk and recidivism reduction; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. V
EASEY ): H.R. 5131. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to make improvements to voting system technology, election offi-cial training, and protecting voting system source code; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 5132. A bill to adjust the eastern boundary of the Whychus-Deschutes Wilder-ness Study Area in the State of Oregon to fa-cilitate fire prevention and response activi-ties to protect adjacent private property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HARDY (for himself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 5133. A bill to improve rural health services, including by requiring the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to con-duct an annual study on such services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. S
IRES, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 5134. A bill to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STEWART (for himself, Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. C OOK, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B
UCK, and Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina): H.R. 5135. A bill to amend the Arms Export Control Act to provide that no regulation issued under section 38(a)(1) of that Act, and no policy or practice in implementing such a regulation, may prohibit the otherwise law-ful export for sale or transfer of any firearm silencer, or any component, part, accessory or attachment for any firearm silencer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5136. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to require that any legislative or regulatory recommendation of the Federal Trade Commission be accom-panied by an economic analysis and include a description of the rationale for such legis-lation or regulation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CCARTHY (for himself, Mr. V
ALADAO , Ms. H AHN, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. D OLD, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. H
ILL): H.R. 5137. A bill to reform the Moving to Work Program of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK , Mrs. L UMMIS , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois): H.R. 5138. A bill to allow women greater access to safe and effective contraception; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29AP7.000 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2149 April 29, 2016 
addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mrs. W
ALORSKI ): H.R. 5139. A bill to limit the use of funds available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 to procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from persons that provide mate-rial support to certain Iranian persons; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. L
ONG): H.R. 5140. A bill to repeal certain regula-tions relating to veterinary feed directive drugs and medically important anti-microbial new animal drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. M ICA, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia): H.R. 5141. A bill to provide for the termi-nation of the Central American Minors Ref-ugee/Parole Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-ginia, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia, Ms. K
USTER , and Mrs. L
AWRENCE ): H.R. 5142. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the sharing of health information concerning an individ-ual’s substance abuse treatment by certain entities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. P
EARCE , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mr. W ESTMORELAND ): H.R. 5143. A bill to provide greater trans-parency and congressional oversight of inter-national insurance standards setting proc-esses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 5144. A bill to amend the State Small Business Credit Initiative Act of 2010 to help small businesses access capital and create jobs by reauthorizing the successful State Small Business Credit Initiative and to allow participating States to provide program funds to small businesses for development of affordable housing; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H.R. 5145. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to exclude abuse-deter-rent formulations of prescription drugs from the Medicaid additional rebate requirement for new formulations of prescription drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Ms. KUSTER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 5146. A bill to provide for certain ac-tions by the International Trade Administra-tion in order to increase exports by small- and medium-sized enterprises, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Ms. M
ENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 5147. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 5148. A bill to amend the Department of Education Organization Act and the High-er Education Act of 1965 to require publica-tion of information relating to religious ex-emptions to the requirements of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. B
OUSTANY ): H.R. 5149. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the cir-cumstances under which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide reimburse-ment for emergency ambulance services; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. I
SRAEL , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. R EED, Mr. K
ATKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): H.R. 5150. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 5151. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide an extension of the special survivor indemnity allowance pro-vided to widows and widowers of certain de-ceased members of the uniformed services; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H.R. 5152. A bill to amend the hold harm-less provision for career and technical edu-cation assistance grants to States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5153. A bill to amend the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to provide for the designation of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judges by the President, majority of the Supreme Court, Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representa-tives, and majority leader and minority lead-er of the Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H.R. 5154. A bill to require that State and local law enforcement agencies conform to Federal guidelines in using cell simulator de-vices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. W
ELCH , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 5155. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram to assist dislocated miners in receiving additional training and education to enable them to find and secure new jobs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 5156. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide coverage under such Act for credit cards issued to small busi-nesses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 5157. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to make grants to State edu-cational agencies for the modernization, ren-ovation, or repair of public school facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 5158. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a conditional 10 percent rate of tax for certain businesses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 5159. A bill to amend the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act to authorize certain recycled water projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: H.R. 5160. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the build-ings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other prop-erty interests acquired by the National Gal-lery of Art; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5161. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the qualifications for licensed mental health counselors of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. B
ENISHEK ): H.R. 5162. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose to non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care pro-viders certain medical records of veterans who receive health care from such providers; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. PLASKETT (for herself and Ms. B
ORDALLO ): H.R. 5163. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for economic re-covery in the Virgin Islands and Guam, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. B
ORDALLO , and Mr. L
EVIN): H. Res. 712. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 2016 as ‘‘Mental Health Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. T
IPTON , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29AP7.100 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2150 April 29, 2016 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. B LUM, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J
UDY CHU of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E
STY, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Ms. H AHN, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. T
EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S
CHRADER , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama, Mr. S
IMPSON , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California): H. Res. 713. A resolution honoring the vital role of small business and the passion of en-trepreneurs in the United States during ‘‘Na-tional Small Business Week‘‘, beginning on May 1, through May 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. F
ATTAH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H. Res. 714. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of the Fair Housing Act and Fair Housing Month, which includes bringing attention to the discrimination faced by mi-nority populations in the United States in housing and housing-related transactions on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, familial status, disability, and religion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. M EEHAN ): H. Res. 715. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 2016 as ‘‘National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey): H. Res. 716. A resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1916 Easter Ris-ing, a seminal moment in Ireland’s journey to independence; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. YODER (for himself and Mr. C
LEAVER ): H. Res. 717. A resolution recognizing the importance of cancer research and the con-tributions of scientists, clinicians, cancer survivors and other patient advocates across the United States who are dedicated to find-ing a cure for cancer, and supporting the des-ignation of May 2016 as ‘‘National Cancer Re-search Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
212. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Ten-nessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 500, condemning the global unrelenting persecution of Christians and acts of terror and aggression against Christians; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 213. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 481, urging Con-gress to pass bills for the implementation of the Veterans Affairs New Veterans Choice Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 5122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 5125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 5128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. L
AMALFA: H.R. 5129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 5130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 5131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. This provision permits Congress to make or alter the regulations pertaining to Federal elections. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 5132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 5133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 5134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 5135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Commerce Clause By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. McCARTHY: H.R. 5137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 5138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is in the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Arti-cle 1, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the ad-ministration of the Federal Drug Adminis-tration and in the power of the Congress To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States as enumerated by Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to make all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29AP7.100 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2151 April 29, 2016 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, including, but not limited to, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 5141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 (the Natu-ralization Clause), which gives Congress sov-ereign control over immigration and the vesting of citizenship in aliens. In March 1790, Congress passed the first uniform rule for naturalization under the new Constitu-tion. In Chirac v Lessee of Chirac (1817), the Supreme Court affirmed this power rests ex-clusively with Congress. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 5142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 5143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 5144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 5145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 5146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 5148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5149. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 5150. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 5151. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HECK of Nevada: H.R. 5152. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5153. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. JEFFRIES: H.R. 5154. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: US Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 3 (‘‘Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’) By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 5155. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8—Commerce Clause By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 5156. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Artiele I By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5157. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. McKINLEY: H.R. 5158. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. McNERNEY: H.R. 5159. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H.R. 5160. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5161. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5162. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 5163. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Artilce I, Section 8 Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and excises, to pay Debts and provide for common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. Article IV, Section 3, The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or Property belonging to the United States. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 135: Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 167: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 194: Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 250: Mr. M
ASSIE and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 297: Mr. S
ARBANES and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 379: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 446: Mr. Y
ARMUTH and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 499: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 563: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 649: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 781: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 814: Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 815: Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. P IERLUISI , and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 845: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 885: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 953: Mr. A
GUILAR and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 973: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 980: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 1100: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1109: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1112: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1141: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1192: Mr. B
ABIN, Miss R ICEof New York, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1220: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1312: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 1342: Mr. H
ARDY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. L ONG, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1422: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1616: Mrs. L
UMMIS . H.R. 1635: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 1718: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 1779: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 1818: Mr. P
OMPEO and Mr. H ECKof Ne- vada. H.R. 1911: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1943: Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1972: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2076: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2090: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. L
EE, and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2103: Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2124: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 2140: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 2141: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2403: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 2430: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 2533: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2571: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2694: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 2713: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.009 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2152 April 29, 2016 
H.R. 2726: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 2737: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2739: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2748: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2799: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 2903: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 2939: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2992: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3012: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 3069: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3092: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 3119: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3201: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3381: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Mr. F
OSTER , and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 3406: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3513: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3514: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. D INGELL , and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3523: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3535: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3546: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 3632: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 3680: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 3713: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3742: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 3744: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 3846: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 3862: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3870: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 3880: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 3892: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 3929: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. W
HITFIELD , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3957: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 3964: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3989: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4065: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 4194: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4223: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4229: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4247: Ms. G
RAHAM and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. H.R. 4262: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 4277: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Ms. L OF-
GREN , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 4301: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 4351: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4365: Mr. P
OMPEO and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 4378: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4389: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4447: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 4450: Mr. H
ONDA and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4474: Mr. D
UFFY and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 4480: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 4488: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. N EAL, Mr. V ELA, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 4514: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 4520: Mr. H
ILL, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 4524: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4530: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4539: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 4556: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 4564: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 4599: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 4600: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4615: Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 4616: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 4625: Mr. G
IBSON and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4640: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 4667: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4695: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 4715: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 4729: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4730: Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, and Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 4760: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4764: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 4773: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. L UCAS , and Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 4775: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mrs. L UMMIS . H.R. 4782: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H.R. 4795: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 4796: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 4798: Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 4810: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4819: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 4828: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 4830: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . H.R. 4857: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4860: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 4872: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 4880: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida, Mr. C
RAMER , and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. H.R. 4912: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4927: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 4932: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4935: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 4938: Mr. N
UNES , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . H.R. 4948: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4969: Mr. C
HABOT and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 4980: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 5011: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 5022: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 5025: Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. S HER-
MAN. H.R. 5035: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 5044: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. VELA, Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5058: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 5064: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 5067: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 5076: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5090: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C OOK, Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. L
EWIS. H.R. 5114: Mr. Z
INKE. H.J. Res. 51: Mrs. L
UMMIS . H.J. Res. 87: Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. P ITTENGER , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H. Con. Res. 17: Ms. P
LASKETT . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. W
HITFIELD , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. M
OONEY of West Vir-ginia and Mr. O
LSON . H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. P
OMPEO , and Mr. B OUSTANY . H. Con. Res. 98: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. I
SRAEL and Ms. M ENG. H. Res. 14: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. S CHRADER . H. Res. 220: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G
OHMERT , and Mr. P ITTS. H. Res. 221: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. S
CHRADER . H. Res. 343: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. H ARDY , and Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 600: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 631: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 647: Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M
EEKS , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. T AKANO . H. Res. 650: Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. F RANKS of Ari- zona, and Mr. U
PTON . H. Res. 686: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. L OFGREN . H. Res. 700: Ms. B
ONAMICI . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 4651: Ms. D ELBENE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29AP7.003 H29APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE627 April 29, 2016 
GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 26, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016. The Great Lakes provide clean drinking water for over 40 million Americans. The re-gion supports an estimated 1.5 million jobs, and generates over $60 billion in annual wages. Protecting the Great Lakes supports public health, public lands and beaches, local economies, and job creation. In Minnesota, the restoration of Lake Supe-rior and the St. Louis River is vital to our State and our tribal nations. In 1987, the St. Louis River Estuary was classified as an Area of Concern because of contamination from dec-ades of dumping untreated sewage and indus-trial waste into the water. Since that designa-tion, millions of dollars have been invested in cleanup, restoration, and infrastructure. We’ve started to see some measureable im-provements along the St. Louis River that are lowering human health risks, re-establishing sturgeon spawning grounds and wild rice beds, and increasing property values. We have a clear path forward involving all stake-holders in the Roadmap to Delisting for the Area of Concern. Mr. Speaker, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (GLRI) has been a huge driver of the progress that Minnesota has made in cleaning up the St. Louis River. Success stories like this are spread all across our region because of the federal investments made by the GLRI. These funds have driven public-private part-nerships that support the health of our waters and the quality of life for all Americans. More than 100,000 acres of wetlands and 48,000 acres of coastal, upland, and island habitat have been protected, restored and en-hanced in just the first five years of GLRI part-nerships between the federal agencies, states and tribal nations. H.R. 223 would authorize $300 million a year for the crucial work of the GLRI, which will help remediate areas of environmental concern, control invasive species, restore habitat and wildlife, and support local busi-nesses. Every federal dollar put into Great Lakes restoration generates $2 in economic benefit, making restoration an excellent return on investment for taxpayer dollars. The Great Lakes are a national treasure. The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act will build on the successes of recent years and ensure the lakes are protected for generations to come. DISAPPROVING DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RULE RELATED TO DEFI-NITION OF THE TERM ‘‘FIDU-CIARY’’ SPEECH OF  
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, the following is a letter that was submitted to our office by Christopher A. Iacovella, Esq., the Chief Executive Officer for the Equity Dealers of America, expressing the organiza-tion’s support for H.J. Res. 88, ‘‘Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘Fidu-ciary,’ ’’ on April 28, 2016: 
DEAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The Equity Dealers of America (EDA) is writing to you today to urge the U.S. House of Representatives to take up and pass H.J. Res. 88, ‘Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating the defini-tion of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’’. The EDA represents the interests of middle market financial services firms who provide ‘‘Main Street’’ businesses with access to cap-ital and advise hardworking Americans how to create and preserve wealth. Our geo-graphically diverse membership includes BB&T Securities (NC), D.A. Davidson & Co. (MT), Hilliard Lyons (KY), Hilltop Securities (TX), Janney Montgomery Scott (PA), KeyBanc Capital Markets (OH), Piper Jaffray (MN), Raymond James Financial (FL), Robert W. Baird & Co. (WI), Stephens Inc. (AR), Stifel Nicolaus & Company (MO), William Blair & Company (IL), and Wunderlich Securities (TN). We strongly believe that Department of Labor exceeded its Congressionally granted authority when it finalized its ‘‘Fiduciary Rule’’ on April 6, 2016. We believed prior to the passage of the rule passage, and continue to believe now, that this rule will (1) reduce access to financial advice for low and middle income Americans; (2) increase costs for re-tirees by pushing them into inappropriate and expensive fee based financial solutions; and (3) unnecessarily interfere with an indi-vidual’s ability to make his/her personal choices about investing and saving for retire-ment. We strongly support the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives as it takes up H.J. 88 and we look forward to its swift passage. f 
MINIMUM WAGE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 28, 2016 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the hard work and dedication of workers in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas who deserve a liv-ing wage, and I call on Congress to vote on raising the minimum wage. There are over 10 million Americans work-ing full time today who earn below the poverty line—under $24,000 a year for a family of four. In my home state of Texas, over 450,000 people are paid the minimum wage, more than any other state. African-Americans and Hispanics are the most likely in our country to be among the working poor. Nearly 1-in-7 black and Hispanic Americans work full-time and live below the poverty line. Eight percent of all working women in our country, 5.5 million Americans, are among the working poor. Mr. Speaker, this is simply not right. Our country must value hard work and pay our workers a living wage if we are going to com-pete in the 21st century. I am a proud original cosponsor of the Raise the Wage Act. This bill would raise the minimum wage nationwide to $12 an hour by 2020, and index the minimum wage to inflation afterwards, giving 35 million Americans—more than one in four—a raise. Increasing the minimum wage would raise earnings by nearly $80 billion and grow our economy when millions of Americans can fi-nally afford to buy a new television, auto-mobile, or home. This bill would end the unfair treatment of tipped workers by giving waiters and wait-resses the same minimum wage as other workers. America is a hardworking and compas-sionate country. We can no longer stand by while millions of our neighbors continue to live in poverty despite their great efforts. I urge my colleagues to stand with the American people and demand a vote to raise the minimum wage. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RADNOR MIDDLE SCHOOL 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Radnor Middle School on being named a Don Eichhorn Schools: ‘‘Schools to Watch.’’ Radnor Middle School is just one of six schools in Pennsylvania to earn this dis-tinction this year. The ‘‘Schools to Watch’’ list was developed by the National Forum to Accelerate Middle Grades Reform. The program identifies middle schools where students are excelling academi-cally and where teachers and administrators are improving curriculum and instruction, re-sponding to the needs and interests of their students, and helping all students achieve success at high levels. Mr. Speaker, Radnor Middle School has demonstrated its commitment to continued im-provement and to educating young adoles-cents for future academic, social and profes-sional success. I congratulate Radnor Middle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.001 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE628 April 29, 2016 
School’s hardworking administrators, teachers, staff and students for earning this impressive distinction. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MATTHEW QUIROZ 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary bravery of Matthew Quiroz. In September of 2012, Matthew, who is now 9 years old, was diagnosed with Wilms Tumor stage II. After more than 2 years of remission, Matthew was diagnosed with a metastic Wilms Tumor last April. He has been fighting bravely for the past 4 years, spending his time be-tween Lubbock, Texas, and his hometown of Fort Stockton, Texas, which lies squarely in my district. Yesterday, Matthew received a warm home-coming with friends and family as he returned to Fort Stockton. Matthew’s bravery and deter-mination has been an inspiration to me and many others in Fort Stockton and I am truly honored to represent such a courageous young man. The warmth that the community of Fort Stockton has shown Matthew has been tremendous and serves as a testament to the close knit communities that can be found in the 23rd Congressional District of Texas. I have no doubt that Matthew’s extraor-dinary fortitude of character and incredible demonstration of bravery in the face of over-whelming adversity will continue to serve as an inspiration to anyone who learns of his story. 
f 
LEGACY OF HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, His-torically Black Colleges and Universities cre-ated and fostered a generation of African American leaders who would have otherwise been denied an education due to segregation. The legacy and impact of HBCUs are far- reaching and especially worthy of praise and appreciation. Today, with more than 100 insti-tutions across the nation, HBCUs still play a vital role in educating our youth, nurturing leaders and producing great innovators. My district, the 7th Congressional District, is home to some of the most prominent HBCUs in the country, and I am very proud to rep-resent those universities in the United States Congress through my work on the Bipartisan HBCU Caucus. Education is the great equalizer that levels the playing field and can help break the cycle of poverty that affects families across the 7th Congressional District, the state of Alabama, and this nation. Young people from every background and every walk of life deserve the right to reach their full potential. As the daughter of two educators, I know firsthand the difference a strong education can make in achieving the American dream, re-gardless of race, gender or socioeconomic background. HBCUs play a critically important role in educating our youth to prepare them in the areas of agriculture, science and cutting edge technology. In the State of Alabama alone, we have several HBCU institutions: From Ala-bama A&M, where students are working with government agencies to develop new tech-nology to make our country safer. To Tuskegee University, where students are working with local communities and farmers to increase crop production and efficiencies. To Alabama State, where students are being trained as world class teachers equipped to educate our youth all across America. Miles College, a science, technology, engi-neering and mathematics (STEM) institution located in Fairfield, is an outstanding HBCU that also offers quality educational options to traditional students, those going back to col-lege, and law students. These are just a few examples of the critical work that is being done at HBCUs in Alabama. And I must say I am quite proud of all of the work that our HBCUs do on a daily basis. The numbers speak for themselves when it comes to the value of what is produced by HBCUs: 22 percent of Black students who earn a bachelor’s degree do so from an HBCU. Among Blacks, 40 percent of Members of Congress graduated from an HBCU, 12.5 per-cent of CEOs, 40 percent of engineers, 50 percent of professors at non-HBCUs, 50 per-cent of lawyers, and 80 percent of judges. HBCUs are still needed in this country and should be recognized and respected for their unique contributions to its students and soci-ety as a whole. As we move forward in Congress, I remain committed to working with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus and HBCUs from my district and across this country as we fight to promote the value and legacy of HBCUs. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 175TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE TOWN OF CROGHAN 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 175th Anniversary of the town of Croghan in Lewis County, New York. The town of Croghan was named after the famous war hero from the War of 1812, Colonel George Croghan. One of the major shapers of Croghan was Theodore Basselin. Mr. Basselin had interests in the businesses of timber, railroad, paper manufacturing, furniture, banking, and electric power generation. He was elected to be the first President of the Village of Croghan. Upon his death in 1914, Mr. Basselin left $25,000 for the creation of a parochial school named Father Leo Memorial School in Croghan. The Basselin mansion and family cemetery still exist in Croghan today and are considered significant landmarks. The town of Croghan is home to the Amer-ican Maple Museum and Hall of Fame, the Oswegatchie Educational Center, and the Railway Historical Society of Northern New York Museum. One of the unique businesses in the town is the Croghan Meat Market that was founded in 1888 and is still going strong. The major businesses that are seen through-out the town are logging, farming, and the pro-duction of maple syrup. These businesses are vital to Upstate New York communities. Their products reach residents throughout New York and beyond, and will continue to be a strong asset to the state for years to come. Congratulations to the town of Croghan on the 175th anniversary of your formation. I want to wish the people and businesses of Croghan continued success in the future. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHARON BAILEY 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, for more than 30 years, Sharon Bailey served the hungry and homeless of our nation as the Vice President and Director of the Emergency Food and Shelter (EFS) program at United Way Worldwide. Mrs. Bailey passed away on September 9th of last year. We offer our deepest sympathy to her husband and daughter and her extended family, but also to her staff at United Way, the National Board members she served over the years, and especially to the staffs at social services agencies across America that have worked with her since 1983. The EFS program began in 1983 as a cre-ation of the House Appropriations Committee. It was reacting to an outcry across the country to help supplement the local food and shelter providers dealing with a burgeoning problem. Later it was authorized, in 1985, as Title III of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act. It’s a unique program that is administered by a National Board that determines the fund-ing allocations across the country as well as the eligible uses of the funds. The EFS National Board is chaired by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) with membership that includes the American Red Cross, Catholic Charities USA, the Jewish Federations of North America, the National Council of Churches, the Salvation Army and United Way Worldwide. The pro-gram is administered at the local level by an EFS Local Board whose membership mirrors the National Board but also contains a rep-resentative of local government as well as other agencies active in assisting the home-less and hungry in the community. Eligible services include the provision of overnight shelter and served meals, assistance to food banks and pantries, one month’s rental or mortgage assistance to prevent evictions, and one month’s utility payments to prevent serv-ice cut-offs. The program has a very broad distribution system, annually reaching out to up to 2,500 local communities and more than 12,000 local service organizations (both charitable and gov-ernmental). In order to administer such a large program, chiefly among the non-profit commu-nity, the EFS National Board chose United Way to serve as the program’s Secretariat. It is in that role that Sharon Bailey began her three decades of service to the EFS program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP8.001 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE629 April 29, 2016 
That service included providing leadership to advance the emergency funds of more than $4 billion over the life to the program rapidly while maintaining accountability at all levels. In her position, Sharon served as the sounding board and counselor not only to her own staff but to hundreds of staff on EFS Local Boards as well as Local Recipient Orga-nizations all across the county. She inter-preted program policy and, when in doubt, brought waivers and similar requests before the National Board at its monthly meetings. She coordinated the annual audit of the pro-gram by independent outside firms, fulfilled governmental requests for information, man-aged the EFS program’s web site and main-tained the overall budget of the program. It’s important to note that all of this work at the national level was carried out with Sharon and her staff only using 1 percent of the program’s 3.5 percent administrative budget. Sharon also arranged the National Board’s on-site visits to meet with Local Board and provider groups to understand the program’s impact and to learn how to simplify and im-prove its processes. I attended one of these visits in my District several years ago and can attest to the open exchange of ideas, and also to Sharon Bailey’s devotion to the people the program served. Perhaps a recognition of that devotion is the most fitting memorial to her dedication and service to our nation and the people most in need our help. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SABRA WIL-LIAMS AND ROBY SO BEING NAMED CHAMPIONS OF CHANGE BY THE WHITE HOUSE 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge two outstanding Angelenos, Sabra Williams and Roby So, both of whom were named Champions of Change by the White House for expanding fair chance opportunities. Sabra Williams is the founder and director of the Actors’ Gang Prison Project. An actress herself, Sabra conducts an 8-week theater program in prisons in California. Through her work, inmates have developed key social and emotional skills and also have increased their self-esteem and tolerance. As a result, the De-partment of Corrections has seen an 89 per-cent reduction in prison violations amongst in-mates who have completed the Prison Project. Further, inmates who have gone through the program have the necessary skills to ease their transition back into society after prison, resulting in a lower risk of recidivism. Roby So is a formerly incarcerated inmate of 12 years and has turned his harsh life ex-periences into helping others. Roby is the re- entry program manager at the Executive Clemency Initiative with Stanford Law School’s Justice Advocacy Project. The program helps reintegrate returning inmates into society after long prison sentences. Roby is also a produc-tion supervisor in the entertainment industry, serving as an example to former inmates that they, too, can successfully reintegrate into so-ciety. As our nation begins to cope with the tragic human toll of our mass incarceration experi-ment, I am proud of the work both Sabra and Roby do to help some of the most forgotten members of our society. The White House has rightly named them Champions of Change. f 
MARIE WILLAN’S ONE HUNDRED TENTH BIRTHDAY 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marie Willan of Wadena, Minnesota who is celebrating her 110th birthday today. A lifelong resident of Wadena, Marie has always been an active member of her community, who put caring for her family and community before herself throughout her life. She put graduating high school on hold to take care of her eight siblings, her family’s farm, then later her own son Roy. Never one to leave things unfinished, Marie returned to Wadena High School and in 2007 completed her high school diploma at age 101. Her family, thankful for all Marie’s support, says her secret to such a long life is not hold-ing onto worries and problems. A strong woman all her life, Marie made a point not to get worked up over the little things and today looks back at a long vibrant life with over a century of memories shared with her family, friends, and community. On this very special day for Marie and her loved ones, I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing Marie a happy 110th birthday. 
f 
HONORING THE 30TH ANNIVER-SARY OF AU PAIR IN AMERICA 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, today, I am pleased to congratulate Au Pair in America on its 30th anniversary. Since its inception, Au Pair in America has been a leader in providing trusted live-in cultural care. Au Pair in America is part of the American Institute for Foreign Study (AIFS), based in Stamford, Connecticut. AIFS has maintained an exceptional record of leadership and inno-vation in the international education commu-nity for more than 50 years. In 1986, Au Pair in America was the first program sponsor to be designated by the State Department to administer an au pair pro-gram. To date, Au Pair in America has placed more than 90,000 au pairs from nearly 60 countries in Europe, South Africa, the Amer-icas, New Zealand, the Middle East and Asia with American host families in 40 states and the District of Columbia. Au Pair in America has set a high standard for management of the program and its active engagement with both U.S. families and inter-national au pairs. Its initial model—including careful screening, orientation and child safety courses for au pairs upon arrival, and the su-pervision of local Community Counselors—re-mains the program standard to this day. The au pair program provides a unique and rewarding experience for U.S. families and au pairs. And both host families and au pairs benefit from the cultural exchange that takes place and the creation of ‘‘global families.’’ I commend Au Pair in America for its dedi-cation in providing host families with the most complete and fulfilling childcare and cultural exchange experience available. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF B.W. ‘‘STONEY’’ STONE 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the life of a pillar of service from our community in East San Diego County, Mr. B.W. ‘‘Stoney’’ Stone of Santee, who passed away on April 20, 2016, sur-rounded by his family and loved ones. We had over 90 years with Stoney but, honestly, the selfish side of us wishes we had him a bit longer because we knew East County was better with him by our side. Born in Mesa, AZ in 1925, Stoney moved to East County with his parents as a teen, grad-uating from Sweetwater High School in 1943. Knowing how much service was a part of his character, it is no surprise that he immediately joined the Army Air Forces upon graduation, proudly serving his nation during World War II from 1943 through 1946. Stoney was also a successful businessman, opening Stoney’s Rock & Roll Market in El Cajon, before moving into the banking industry and becoming Presi-dent of Cajon Valley Bank and eventually retir-ing from Temecula Valley Bank in 2000. By his side throughout this successful career was Stoney’s beautiful wife of 54 years Bonnie and a large family of five children, four grand-children and two great-grandchildren. In our community, Stoney was known as ‘‘Mr. East County,’’ and this was for good rea-son. Aside from his family, community service was Stoney’s greatest passion, particularly helping underprivileged children. Stoney founded the East County Toy and Food Drive, which has been helping kids for the past 41 years and has become East County’s largest Holiday charity collection event, assisting over 20,000 families and 50,000 children. In fact, the drive became so successful that, 14 years ago, Stoney asked the Salvation Army to come in and help organize the thousands of toy donations to ensure that they reached those in need. Eventually this event would be taken over by another great service leader in our community, the Viejas Band of Mission In-dians, who have proudly carried on Stoney’s legacy. Aside from the Toy and Food Drive, Stoney was instrumental in helping the El Cajon Po-lice Department with their D.A.R.E. program, which would eventually evolve into its own program named Stoney’s Kids. This program has raised over $800,000 since 1991 to assist underprivileged kids throughout the year in providing youth programs, summer camp, sport equipment, music instruments, exercise equipment for the disabled, and playground build-outs. As if this was not enough, Stoney was also involved with the Mother Goose Pa-rade, the American Red Cross, and the Lion’s Club, always serving with his personal motto, ‘‘It’s All About the Kids.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP8.005 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE630 April 29, 2016 
In our community we like to say that ‘‘East County is a special place to live.’’ The fact of the matter is that it’s the people that make it special and there was no greater example of this than Stoney Stone. As the Congressman whose district has included East County for many years, I am proud to have had the privi-lege of knowing Stoney and learning from his commitment to service. And while we will miss him greatly, we are left with Stoney’s example and legacy that challenges us to do more. Thank you Stoney, for everything. 
f 
HONORING REPRESENTATIVE JARED HUFFMAN FOR BEING IN-DUCTED INTO THE GAUCHO HALL OF FAME 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor my distinguished colleague and friend Representative J
ARED HUFFMAN of California’s Second Congressional District for his induction into the ‘‘Gaucho Hall of Fame’’ at the Univer-sity of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB). Born and raised in Independence, Missouri, J
ARED HUFFMAN graduated William Chrisman High School in 1982. His passion for volleyball led him to the West Coast where he attended UCSB. While there, he was a starter for the UCSB Men’s Volleyball team and was recog-nized as a three-time NCAA All-American volleyball player. Upon graduating magna cum laude, J
ARED went on to play for the number 1 ranked USA Men’s Volleyball Team in 1987. In 1990, he graduated cum laude from Bos-ton College Law School and served as an at-torney for many years eventually representing the National Resource Defense Council work-ing to protect the environment. J
ARED was elected to the California State Assembly in 2006 where he served on the Water, Parks, and Wildlife Committee and the Budget Com-mittee. In 2012, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives where he continues to serve his constituents in California’s Second Congressional District. Since coming to Congress, J
ARED has served as a member of both the House Nat-ural Resources and the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committees, where he has been a leader in the fight to protect our na-tion’s environment and public lands. J
ARED  has had a long career of academic excellence, athletic achievements, and tireless dedication to public service. For all these reasons, he will be inducted into the UCSB Gaucho Hall of Fame on April 30, 2016. I congratulate him on this well-deserved honor. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE MONTEREY SALINAS TRANSIT 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Monterey Salinas Transit, located in Monterey, California, where the history of Cali-fornia state government began. April 30, 2016 marks the 125th anniversary of the start of public transportation in Monterey County. On this date in 1891, the Monterey & Pacific Grove Street Railway system started service with horse drawn street cars operating on a series of rails laid in the existing road network. The rail network connected the world famous Del Monte Hotel, now the home of the world famous Naval Postgraduate School, through the Oak Grove neighborhood to down-town Monterey and the Presidio of Monterey via Del Monte Avenue to Alvarado, Munras, and Tyler Avenues. Those first transit pas-sengers could continue on Lighthouse Avenue through New Monterey and end their journey at 17th street in downtown Pacific Grove. That first day of operation coincided with a visit from the 23rd President of the United States, Benjamin Harrison, who rode in a parade from Pacific Grove to the Del Monte Hotel. The horse drawn streetcars ran for ten years until 1901 when they were replaced by an all electric powered street car fleet oper-ated by the Monterey Gas & Electric Company in 1903. Electric streetcars ran in Monterey and what is now Seaside in a variety of forms through 1921, when the Monterey & Pacific Grove Railway was abandoned because it was unable to compete with more cost effec-tive rubber-wheeled, internal combustion en-gine powered buses operated by the Bay Rapid Transit Company. For the next 50 years, Bay Rapid Transit operated buses until the Monterey Peninsula Public Transit joint powers agency took over public operation of the transit system in Sep-tember 1974. In July 1981, the MPT took over public transit operations for the City of Salinas forming the Monterey-Salinas Transit joint powers agency which eventually became the Monterey-Salinas Transit District in July 2010. At that time, the MST Board of Directors was expanded to include the cities of Gonzales, Greenfield, King City, Sand City and Soledad. MST continued to grow and passengers can now connect to neighboring Santa Cruz, Santa Clara and San Luis Obispo counties. One hundred and twenty five years later, Monterey-Salinas Transit buses and its wire-lessly powered electric trolley continue to op-erate along the original routes of the first horse drawn street cars. And, MST continues to provide the same level of exceptional serv-ice and value to everyone who lives, works or visits the beautiful Monterey Bay region that riders of yesteryear experienced. With rider-ship of 4.5 million passengers a year, MST is a regional transportation asset that continues to innovate and provide exceptional value and service for the next one hundred twenty five years. f 
CONGRATULATING KIM BROWN ON HER RETIREMENT FROM THE GRAPEVINE TEXAS POLICE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kim Brown on her well-earned retirement from the Grapevine Police Depart-ment after serving over thirty years with the City of Grapevine, Texas. Kim began her service with the City of Grapevine as a library aid and assistant where she worked for over three years before begin-ning her long and distinguished career with the Grapevine Police Department. Kim started with the Department as an Administration Clerk in 1989 and was soon promoted to Ad-ministration Division Secretary before eventu-ally moving into the Criminal Investigations Di-vision as an Investigative Assistant. Since the beginning of her tenure in Grape-vine, Kim has provided outstanding service to her community, which is apparent in the nu-merous commendations she has received while performing her duties. Most recently, Kim was awarded a Certificate of Merit in No-vember, 2014, for her excellent performance. Kim’s exemplary work with the Criminal In-vestigation Division of the Grapevine Police Department has had a tremendous effect on the safety and security of Grapevine and the surrounding communities. Her legacy will leave a lasting mark on the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Police Department for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the contributions Kim has made to the City of Grapevine. I ask all of my distinguished col-leagues to join me in congratulating Kim Brown on her many years of service. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF IFOSTER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the iFoster jobs program for foster youth. Each May, we recognize National Fos-ter Care Month, when we acknowledge the unique challenges facing American youth in foster care. The campaign recognizes not only the foster youth, but also the foster parents, family members, child welfare professionals, volunteers, and members of our communities who help our children find foster placements, and ultimately transition successfully out of the foster care system. One of the most significant challenges fac-ing foster youth as they transition out of the foster care system involves finding meaningful employment. As a Member of the Congres-sional Caucus on Foster Youth, I am com-mitted to identifying strategies to improve the well-being, education and employment out-comes for our foster youth. For these reasons, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing iFoster’s foster youth employment program. The iFoster program launched in Placer County in May 2015 and has since expanded to Los Angeles County. Through a partnership with the grocery industry, it has developed an innovative employment program for transition age foster youth. The program provides par-ticipating youth with pre-employment skills training, employer matching, needed material resources, preferential hiring, on-the-job mentorship, and scholarship and career ad-vancement activities. In its pilot year, the pro-gram has placed over 100 youth, and achieved a 100 percent hire rate and a 90 percent six-month retention rate for partici-pating foster youth. I am pleased that this May, the program will be launching in River-side, San Bernardino and Sacramento coun-ties, before being replicated nationwide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29AP8.009 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE631 April 29, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, in advance of iFoster’s expan-sion next month, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring its work in the state of California. 
f 
FINANCIAL LITERACY MONTH 2016 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of financial literacy month, which is observed in April of every year to emphasize the critical role consumer education plays in helping our constituents realize the American Dream. Each year, too many Americans face dif-ficulties purchasing automobiles, buying homes, paying for college, and even finding gainful employment due to poor credit history. In fact, according to a 2014 American Bank-ers Association poll, 60 percent of Americans do not even know their own credit score. As a member of the bipartisan Financial and Economic Literacy Caucus, I am proud to work tirelessly with my colleagues to improve consumer financial education. That is why I introduced the Free Credit Score Act of 2016, H.R. 5058 to require the inclusion of a credit score in a consumer’s free annual credit report. During this Financial Literacy Month, I ask my colleagues to join me in the effort to im-prove consumer education by co-sponsoring this piece of legislation. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE NATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM WEEK 2016 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate May 1 through 7 as National Travel and Tourism Week 2016 and to honor the valuable contributions of the travel and tourism industry in the United States. As co-chair of the Congressional Travel and Tourism Caucus since 1997, I have long rec-ognized the benefits tourism brings to our na-tional economy. With this being my last year as co-chair of the tourism caucus, I rise to re-mind my colleagues that the travel and tour-ism industry generates nearly $950 billion an-nually and is a top 10 industry in 49 states and the District of Columbia. I rise to celebrate my local tourism industry that generates nearly $3 billion a year in my congressional district, and to thank Tammy Blount of the Monterey County Convention and Visitors Bureau and Maggie Ivy of Visit Santa Cruz County for helping with that suc-cess. I rise to celebrate an industry that supports more than 15 million jobs in the United States. That’s 1 out of every 9 jobs related to tourism. I rise to celebrate an industry that is Amer-ica’s largest services export industry, account-ing for 10 percent of all U.S. exports of goods and services. I rise to celebrate an industry that is present in every congressional district in the United States, an industry where success can be found by anyone with a positive attitude, a willingness to serve others and a desire to work hard. I rise to support this year’s National Travel and Tourism Week as an opportunity to ex-press to the nation the importance of travel in creating economic growth and opportunity, and enhancing the quality of life throughout the United States. f 
CELEBRATING THE 275TH ANNI-VERSARY OF JERUSALEM WEST-ERN SALISBURY CHURCH 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to bring to the House’s attention the 275th Anniversary of Jerusalem Western Salisbury Church located in Salisbury Town-ship, Lehigh County. The church is a shared ministry congregation of the Lutheran and United Church of Christ denomination and has maintained that structure since its origins as a little, log church in 1741. The original church was alternatively re-ferred to as the ‘‘Schmaltzgass Church,’’ ‘‘the Little Lehigh Church,’’ or the ‘‘Manguntsche Church.’’ It was a place of spiritual and cul-tural fellowship for the Lutheran and Reformed practitioners in the surrounding community. During their 275 years in Lehigh County, the men and women of the Jerusalem Western Salisbury Church have remained active and involved participants within the area. They pro-vide both spiritual and physical aid to those in need and are part of the fabric of our commu-nity. Jerusalem Western Salisbury Church’s congregation provides strong support to those in need through Lehigh County’s Conference of Churches and the Allentown Ecumenical Food Bank. Through their mission work and community engagement, they provide great service and support to those who are most in need. I extend my thanks to the men and women of Jerusalem Western Salisbury Church for all that they do on a daily basis to make their church, their community, and Lehigh County a better, kinder place. I wish the congregation continued peace, joy, and fellowship on this happy anniversary. 
f 
HONORING ALICIA JARAMILLO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor Alicia Jaramillo, a criminal division investigator with the Napa County District Attorney’s Office. Ms. Jaramillo will honorably retire on May 6, 2016 after more than twenty-five years of public service. Over her long career, Ms. Jaramillo has served the citizens of both Napa and Tulare counties on countless investigations and in as-sisting preparing felony cases for trial. She worked first with the Visalia Police Depart-ment, and then with the Bureau of Investiga-tion of the Napa County District Attorney’s Of-fice. Ms. Jaramillo has demonstrated her com-mitment to her work and her clients by earning and maintaining several accreditations and certificates in law enforcement. As a full peace officer, the District Attorney’s Office could rely on Ms. Jaramillo to respond to a call around the clock, and she has even travelled abroad to help her clients. A true Napa County leader, Ms. Jaramillo has worked with many local organizations sup-porting peace officers, women, youth, and the Hispanic community. She sits on the board of directors for both Puertas Abiertas and the Napa County Hispanic Network, for which she previously served as President. In addition to her career accomplishments, her leadership has aided the Napa County Peace Officers’ Association, the Napa Emergency Women’s Services, the Woman Peace Officers’ Associa-tion of California, the COPE Family Center, the Napa County Youth and Gang Violence Commission, the City of Napa Advisory Coun-cil, and the California Peace Officers’ Memo-rial. Her service to these associations speaks volumes about her character and dedication to improving the lives of her neighbors. We hope that Ms. Jaramillo will be able to spend time with her family in her retirement, including her husband of thirty years, Joe, and her three children, Eric, Aaron, and Jasmine. Mr. Speaker, Alicia Jaramillo has dedicated her long and remarkable career to public serv-ice in Napa County. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today, and wish her the best in retirement. f 
TRIBUTE TO KALLAN PAULSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kallan Paulsen. Kallan, a sophomore from Bondurant-Farrar High School was recently selected as the winner of the Congressional Art Competition from Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District. She is the daughter of Jon and Darla Paulsen of Bondurant, Iowa. An Artistic Discovery, the Congressional Art Competition is open nationwide to high school students. Since 1982, the competition has been an opportunity for Members of Congress to encourage and recognize the artistic talents of their young constituents. A panel of 16 judges, one from each county in Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District, reviewed over 70 sub-missions from schools throughout the district. Mr. Speaker, I commend Kallan for her hard work and the artistic talents which she dem-onstrates. It is an honor to represent her and her parents in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating her for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing her nothing but continued suc-cess as she continues her education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.005 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE632 April 29, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE VIETNAM WAR AND THE UNITED STATES VIET-NAM WAR COMMEMORATION PROGRAM HOSTED BY FIRST MOUNT ZION BAPTIST CHURCH IN DUMFRIES ON SUNDAY, FEBRARY 28, 2016 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War and the United States Vietnam War Com-memoration Program hosted by First Mount Zion Baptist Church in Dumfries on Sunday, February 28, 2016. In recognition of more than a decade of combat by land, air, and sea, Congress au-thorized the Secretary of Defense through the 2008 National Defense Authorization Act, to conduct a program to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War and to honor the more than 3 million service members and their families for their heroic service and sac-rifice. Through the facilitation of programs and ac-tivities at the local, state, and federal levels of government in partnership with community- based groups and organizations, more than 4,700 Vietnam War commemorative programs involving 9,514 partners have been scheduled throughout the nation. Each commemorative program is designed to meet or exceed the following objectives: To thank and honor veterans of the Vietnam War, including personnel who were held as prisoners of war (POW), or listed as missing in action (MIA), for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States and to thank and honor the families of these veterans. To highlight the service of the Armed Forces during the Vietnam War and the contributions of federal agencies and governmental and non-govemmental organizations that served with, or in support of, the Armed Forces. To pay tribute to the contributions made on the homefront by the people of the United States during the Vietnam War. To highlight the advances in technology, science, and medicine related to military re-search conducted during the Vietnam War. To recognize the contributions and sac-rifices made by the allies of the United States during the Vietnam War. One of these programs is being hosted by First Mount Zion Baptist Church, located in the 11th District of Virginia. Approximately 130 members of the church left their homes and their loved ones, risking their lives to serve our country during the 13-year span of the Viet-nam War. I commend the leadership and the 4,300 current members of First Mount Zion Baptist Church for sponsoring a Vietnam War commemoration program to honor and thank these men and women and their families who sacrificed so much. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War and the United States Com-memoration Program at First Mount Zion Bap-tist Church. Today we reaffirm our commit-ment to always honor and celebrate the mem-bers of our Armed Services, especially those men and women who served with distinction and valiantly defended this nation in that long and arduous war. f 
HONORING VIETNAM WAR VETERANS 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the veterans of the Viet-nam War. As we commemorate its 50th anni-versary, we must never forget the brave men and women who served our country from 1962 to 1975. I am proud to represent a large veteran community. Almost a third of the 1.58 million veterans who live in my home state of Florida served in the Vietnam War. Palm Beach and Broward Counties are home to 157,000 vet-erans, more than 50,000 of whom served in Vietnam. As a mother of a veteran who served during wartime, I understand the sacrifices made by these service men and women and their fami-lies. These veterans deserve our respect and gratitude. I am proud to be here today to thank these Vietnam War Veterans for their service. We will never forget your courage. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF SERGIO KLOR D
EALVA 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sergio Klor DeAlva. Members take the floor more regularly than we would like, to speak to the value of our friends, men-tors and constituents who have left us in this life. But it is always more difficult when we speak of members of our family. Sergio was a member of the Farr family who was taken from us in a tragic car accident late Monday night. Sergio served as an intern in my office. He was such a unique spirit. Engaging, kind and ever helpful. One of our staff fondly remem-bers watching Sergio engage with my constitu-ents on tours and in the office and enjoying the smile and sense of humor he brought to every situation. Upon leaving us, he returned to UC Santa Cruz where he ran for and won a place on the student council. He later would volunteer his time as a part of the campaign team of our colleague, M
IKE HONDA . At 24, he had amassed a resume that spoke to the dedica-tion and passion he had for civil service in whatever community he found himself. I was and continue to be impressed with this young man’s ambition. His future would have un-doubtedly been one of public service. We need more men and women like Sergio. Upon leaving my office, interns are asked to participate in an exit interview. In this inter-view, the very last question asks if there is anything we should be left with. Sergio an-swered this question in the form of a self com-posed poem. Mr. Speaker, I close with a quote from my young intern. ‘‘I cannot tell the future but I can see mine here But until that day Know that I will miss this place.’’ Rest assured, Sergio, this place will miss you too. f 
CONGRATULATING REVEREND STAN SLOAN ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM CHI-CAGO HOUSE 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Reverend Stan Sloan, the long-est-serving CEO in the history of Chicago House and honor his service to the Chicago LGBTQ community. Rev. Sloan joined Chicago House in 2000 and in his 16 years of dedication and hard work, has quadrupled the amount of services offered at the agency. Reverend Sloan led the effort to establish the Midwest’s first HIV/AIDS Employment Initiative and developed a city- wide Center for Disease Control Prevention Program. In addition, Rev. Sloan and Chicago House have opened the nation’s first and most comprehensive center for Transgender serv-ices—including housing, employment, medical, and legal components at the Translife Center on Chicago’s northside. Last year, Rev. Sloan came to DC and led a Congressional Briefing entitled ‘‘The Eco-nomics of Equality’’, in which he shared his years of experience to highlight the prevalence of poverty in the LGBTQ community. Always a man of action, most recently Rev. Sloan con-ceived of and launched the groundbreaking ef-fort Proud2Share, designed to promote com-munity and hilanthropic giving within the LGBTQ community to fight poverty and home-lessness. His efforts in HIV/AIDS and poverty have been recognized by being selected the award recipient for the Illinois Department of Public Health Red Ribbon Award as well as the AIDS Legal Council of Chicago Advocate of the Year Award. In 2010, Rev. Sloan was in-ducted into the Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame. The importance of charity and philanthropy can never be understated. Empathy, drive, and compassion are what make a great lead-er, and the community owes a debt of grati-tude to Rev. Stan Sloan. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Reverend Stan Sloan for his tireless dedication to the LGBTQ community throughout his long and storied ca-reer. I urge my colleagues in congratulating Reverend Stan Sloan for all the work he has done both in the great city of Chicago and throughout our great nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLAYTON SAEUGLING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Clayton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.009 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE633 April 29, 2016 
Saeugling of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the highest Iowa Future Farmers of America (FFA) Award, the Iowa Farmer Degree Award. Clay-ton serves as President of the Atlantic Future Farmers of America Chapter. Clayton said it is an honor to receive this award and ‘‘it can be something that younger members look up to for receiving it.’’ Clayton has been active in the local FFA Chapter, fo-cusing his activities on agronomy and live-stock judging. He hopes to work and be a part of agriculture after he completes his studies at Iowa State University. His field of study will in-clude animal science and agronomy. Clayton said his experiences in agriculture and activi-ties in the FFA Chapter have broadened and enhanced his interest for a career. He enjoys meeting other FFA students from other com-petitions and exploring their experiences in ag-riculture. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Clayton for earning this award. It is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in honoring his accom-plishments and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his future endeavors in agriculture. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE JUMP-START HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES UTILIZING SMALL ENTERPRISES ACT OF 2016 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, recent studies show that 21.3 million households pay more than 30 percent of their incomes towards rent-al housing, up from 14.8 million in 2001. In turn, the demand for low-cost rental housing has increased as the supply of affordable rent-al units has decreased. Nationwide, there is a shortage of affordable housing options avail-able to low- and middle-income Americans. That is why I am introducing the Jumpstart Housing Opportunities Utilizing Small Enter-prises Act of 2016 or Jumpstart HOUSE Act. In 2010, President Obama signed the Small Business Jobs Act, P.L. 111–240, which cre-ated the State Small Business Credit Initiative (SSBCI). Funded with $1.5 billion, the SSBCI disperses funds to participating states who in turn use credit support programs and state- sponsored venture capital programs to award funding to small businesses. Without reauthor-ization, the SSBCI is set to expire at the end of FY17. The Jumpstart HOUSE Act would re-authorize the SSBCI program for an additional 8 years with $1.5 billion in new funding. Addi-tionally, it will improve the program by requir-ing state business development agencies to set aside the lesser of $2.5 million or 10 per-cent of unobligated funds, for small busi-nesses to purchase, rehabilitate, or operate af-fordable housing units. Since its inception, the SSBCI program has created or retained over 140,000 jobs, as well as, supported over 12,400 private sector loans to small businesses, 42 percent of which were made to low- and moderate-income commu-nities. As we continually look for ways to ad-vance economic growth, it is critically impor-tant to renew the SSBCI program to increase availability of credit for small businesses, gen-erate jobs, and stimulate economic develop-ment. It also is critically important to improve the program by amending it to direct funds to job-creating small businesses that focus on in-creasing the stock of affordable housing units. The Jumpstart HOUSE Act would accomplish both of these goals. The SSBCI program has demonstrated proven success in leveraging federal dollars to generate private access to capital for small businesses. Let’s build off of SSBCI’s success and extend it to increasing the supply of af-fordable housing nationwide. I urge my colleagues to become a co-spon-sor of the Jumpstart Housing Opportunities Utilizing Small Enterprises Act of 2016. f 
RECOGNIZING SALLY LAY FOR HER COMMITMENT TO THE DE-VELOPMENT OF THE ARTS IN GREATER PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mrs. Sally Lay who was recog-nized during the 6th Annual Hylton Performing Arts Center Awards Gala for dedicating her career to expanding the reach of the arts in Greater Prince William County. Prior to her retirement in August 2015, Mrs. Lay served as the executive director of the Center for the Arts for 28 years. During her tenure, she spearheaded a five-year campaign to garner the support of the community and the public sector for the restoration of the old Hopkins Candy Factory in the City of Manas-sas. Her efforts paid off, and since 2002, the Center for the Arts has called the Candy Fac-tory home. Signature programs include The Pied Piper Children’s Theatre, Pied Piper The-atre Camps, Rooftop Productions, the Mer-chant Family Art Gallery, the Summer Sounds Concerts, and extensive arts education class-es, many of which are hosted at the Hylton Performing Arts Center today. In the midst of her demanding schedule, Mrs. Lay found time to serve on the board of directors for the Prince William County/Manas-sas Convention & Visitors Bureau and Leader-ship Prince William. Today, she remains ac-tively engaged with the Rotary Club of Manas-sas and serves on the board of directors for the Prince William County Arts Council and Virginians for the Arts. Mrs. Lay’s deep roots in the community have served the residents of Greater Prince William County well. Over the course of her career, Mrs. Lay has received well-deserved recognition for her endless contributions, in-cluding receiving the Prince William County Arts Council/Prince William Chamber of Com-merce Seefeldt Pioneer Award in 2005 and the Woman of the Year for the Greater Prince William Christmas Day Parade in 2011. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the 6th Annual Hylton Per-forming Arts Awards Gala honoree, Mrs. Sally Lay, for being a tireless champion of the Arts in Greater Prince William County. CELEBRATING SHIRLEY DRINKARD ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mrs. Shirley Drinkard. She will be celebrating her 100th Birthday on May 12, 2016. Shirley Drinkard was born in Argonia, Kan-sas in 1916. Shirley was one of five siblings and during her childhood, the family would go fishing every Saturday night. When Shirley was 23 years old, she moved to Fulton, MO. Shirley graduated with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Education from Wichita University. Later, Shirley finished out her education with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Home Eco-nomics and a Master’s Degree in Economics, both received from the University of Mis-souri—Columbia. Shirley married Paul Drinkard, who was a WWII Veteran, when she was 30 years old, and they remained married for 35 years. Shir-ley and Paul had one son, Eddie Drinkard, one grandson, James Drinkard, and one great-granddaughter, Billie Drinkard. Shirley worked for the University of Missouri Extension in Columbia, Missouri. She was the home economics teacher and department co-ordinator for 37 years. The University of Mis-souri also had Shirley teach business finance to local organizations. Shirley always appreciated the opportunity to travel to numerous countries including: Italy, Canada, Spain, and Denmark. Shirley enjoys many hobbies which include: fishing, dancing, reading, playing cards and the piano. Over the years Shirley has continued to stay in contact with the University of Missouri Extension. I ask you to join me in recognizing Mrs. Drinkard on her 100th Birthday Celebration. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 164 regarding ‘‘H.R. 4820: Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ I missed Roll Call vote number 165 regard-ing ‘‘H.R. 4096: Investor Clarity and Bank Par-ity Act.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WENDY SPENCER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Wendy Spencer, Chief Execu-tive Officer of the Corporation for National Community Service (CNCS). As the Co-Chair of the National Service Congressional Caucus, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.012 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE634 April 29, 2016 
it is my pleasure to recognize Ms. Spencer for her leadership and dedicated commitment to service programs. Wendy Spencer was nominated by Presi-dent Obama and was unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate in April 2012. Under her leadership, CNCS has launched new public- private partnerships, including FEMA Corps, School Turnaround AmeriCorps, STEM AmeriCorps, Justice AmeriCorps, and Finan-cial Opportunity Corps. Wendy has also in-creased the agency’s focus on reaching vet-erans and military families, overseen the na-tional service response for many severe disas-ters, and strengthened relationships with pub-lic officials and local leaders. Wendy Spencer’s efforts to engage local leaders includes creating the annual Mayor and County Recognition Day for National Service, where city mayors, county officials and tribal leaders express their appreciation for Senior Corps, AmeriCorps, and vol-unteerism in general. When first launched in 2013, the Mayor and County Recognition Day for National Service included 830 city mayors and local officials recognizing and celebrating service across the country. On April 5, 2016, 3,539 mayors, county officials and tribal lead-ers participated in the Mayor and County Rec-ognition Day for National Service—making it the largest one day gathering among public of-ficials in history. Through her innovative leadership and col-laboration, Wendy Spencer has led national service programs in transforming lives and im-proving communities while implementing local solutions. Wendy Spencer is a pioneer of na-tional service. Mr. Speaker, as community members, and various national and state com-munity service leaders gather at OneOC in Or-ange County, California, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Wendy Spencer for her significant contributions and commitment to the Corporation for National Community Service (CNCS). 
f 
HONORING MAYOR ROBERT BEUTTER FOR A DISTINGUISHED CAREER IN PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former Mayor of Mishawaka Rob-ert Beutter, and honor his many years of pub-lic service to the City of Mishawaka and our nation. Mayor Beutter was born in Mishawaka, Indi-ana on April 6, 1935. He attended Indiana University and earned degrees in business ad-ministration and law. After graduating from law school, he joined the U.S. Army and served as a Captain in the Judge Advocate General Corps. In 1972, Beutter became a member of the City of Mishawaka’s Legal Staff, serving for 8 years. In 1984, he was first elected Mayor, and would serve five terms totaling 20 years. Upon completion of his time as Mayor, Beutter became the Assistant City Attorney where he served another 8 years until 2012. Bob Beutter is a fixture in our community. He has been active on boards and in leader-ship roles for the Mishawaka Food Pantry; Boy Scouts of America; Salvation Army Kroc Center; Mishawaka Kiwanis Club; and Salva-tion Army Advisory Board. He has received such honors as the Com-munity Service and Leadership Award by the Boy Scouts of America; two Sagamore of the Wabash awards by two different governors; the American Legion Post 161’s Veteran of the Year; and was named an Honorary Grad-uate from Bethel College. Given all of Beutter’s service to the commu-nity, it was only fitting that the City of Mishawaka’s riverfront park was named after him, as it is the focal point of our community. Beutter and his wife Mary have been mar-ried for 55 years. Together, they have helped build and grow Mishawaka. I want to thank them both for their service and sacrifice to help make our community a better place. f 
HONORING MR. RALPH KEECHLER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Ralph Keechler, who has served the City of Sonoma, California and the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority (SVFRA) for 60 years. In addition to his own volunteerism, Mr. Keechler has passed on his passion for service to his son, Joseph. To-gether, Ralph and Joseph Keechler have vol-unteered with the SVFRA for a remarkable 100 years combined. Mr. Keechler is a Sonoma native, and served in World War II with the 75th Infantry Division. During his military service, Mr. Keechler participated in the Battle of the Bulge and earned the rank of Corporal. He has also been an active member of the Native Sons of the Golden West for 71 years, promoting and preserving California’s history and landmarks for future generations. His work with the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority ensures fire, rescue, and emergency medical services to Sonoma and surrounding communities. Mr. Keechler cur-rently serves as Division Chief of SVFRA, guaranteeing his experience informs the orga-nization’s operations. Mr. Keechler has been a true leader in the Sonoma community. He and his late wife of 50 years, Barbara Keechler, have passed along their passion for service to their three children, Christine, Joseph, and Karen. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Keechler has dedicated his time and knowledge to serving his commu-nity for six decades, and Ralph and Joseph Keechler’s unique contribution of a combined century of volunteerism is an inspiring exam-ple to our country. Therefore, it is fitting and proper to honor him here today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO D UPONT PIONEER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa company, DuPont Pioneer of Johnston, Iowa as they celebrate their 90th anniversary. Founded in 1926 by former United States Vice President Henry A. Wallace, the Hi-Bred Corn Company, as it was originally known, set out to share the promise of hybrid seeds for all farmers. Early on, Wallace recognized hy-brid seeds could offer tremendous value through higher yields and increased profit-ability for farmers. His instincts were right and his knowledge and understanding of corn ge-netics completely changed the manner in which crops were grown in the United States. Today, DuPont Pioneer employs 13,000 people globally and partners with generations of loyal customers. This iconic company has grown from a small research facility in John-ston, Iowa, to a multi-billion dollar company serving customers in over 90 countries world-wide. With 2 million seed production acres and 100 research and development facilities around the world, DuPont has left a lasting im-pact on the State of Iowa and the agricultural industry. Mr. Speaker, over the last 90 years DuPont Pioneer has left an indelible mark on the agri-culture industry. Their innovation and forward thinking increases yields and food production around the world to feed a growing population. I commend DuPont Pioneer and their employ-ees for a job well done. I also ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in honoring this company for their unwavering commitment to agriculture and the state of Iowa. I wish DuPont Pioneer and their employees nothing but continued success in their future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING NOVEC FOR ITS COMMITMENT TO THE RESI-DENTS OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Northern Virginia Electric Cooper-ative (NOVEC), which was recognized during the 6th Annual Hylton Center for Performing Arts Awards Gala for its commitment to sup-porting communities in Northern Virginia. Founded on January 1, 1983, the not-for- profit distribution cooperative provides elec-trical services to more than 160,000 homes and businesses located in Clarke, Fairfax, Fauquier, Loudoun, Stafford, and Prince Wil-liam counties, the cities of Manassas and Ma-nassas Park, and the Town of Clifton. As one of the largest electric cooperatives of its kind in the United States, NOVEC’s service territory spans 651 square miles. Over the past 33 years, NOVEC has achieved and maintained excellence in the areas of safety, customer satisfaction, and technology management, showcasing an extensive record of efficiency and productivity. Their service is consistently ranked the best in the region, averaging a 99.99 percent average system reliability over the past 5 years. As a cooperative, NOVEC’s customers have an ownership interest, and therefore, share in any profits generated by the company. These profits are allocated an-nually to improve the health and well-being of customer-owners and community residents. NOVEC is invested in the community with emphasis placed in the areas of corporate sponsorship, community volunteerism, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.017 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE635 April 29, 2016 
customer outreach. Displaying its commitment to active community engagement, NOVEC reaches beyond the power lines and invests in the community. Customers and members of the general public are invited to take advan-tage of the services and resources offered by NOVEC, including financial scholarships, legis-lative tours to expose youth to the federal and state legislative processes, and hands-on en-gagement through volunteerism. NOVEC works to inspire and empower the people it serves to take an active role in their community. A time-tested initiative is Oper-ation Round-Up. Program participants volun-tarily have their bill rounded up to the next dol-lar to assist local families who have fallen on hard times to pay for their winter heating bills through donations to heating-assistance pro-grams at six local social service agencies. Since the establishment of Operation Round- Up in 1997, the program has generated close to $750,000 in heating assistance. Another ini-tiative unique to NOVEC is its relationship with the Hylton Performing Arts Center. NOVEC continues to serve as an instrumental partner through its constant support of the Hylton Center’s artists and initiatives. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing NOVEC as the 6th Annual Hylton Performing Arts Awards Gala honoree for its involvement and investment in the resi-dents of Northern Virginia. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOSEPH KEECHLER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Joseph Keechler, who has volunteered with the City of Sonoma, California and the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority (SVFRA) for 40 years. Mr. Keechler inherited his passion for service to his father, Ralph. Together, Joseph and Ralph Keechler have volunteered with the SVFRA for a remarkable 100 years combined. Building on his family’s roots in Sonoma, Mr. Keechler has developed his own strong ties to the area. He earned his Associate’s Degree from Santa Rosa Junior College, and with his wife Susan, raised her children, Sam and Jack, in his hometown. With his long history of service to our com-munity, Mr. Keechler serves as a reliable and trusted leader in Sonoma. He has earned the rank of Captain with the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority, serving as a leader of the organization that ensures fire, rescue, and emergency medical services to Sonoma and surrounding communities. Furthermore, Mr. Keechler serves on the Board of the Sonoma Volunteer Firefighters’ Association, sharing his firsthand experience for the benefit of other volunteers. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Keechler has dedicated his time and knowledge to serving his commu-nity for four decades, and Joseph and Ralph Keechler’s unique contribution of a combined century of volunteerism is an inspiring exam-ple to our country. Therefore, it is fitting and proper to honor him here today. HONORING WORCESTER COMMU-NITY LEADER MARGARET ‘‘PEGGY’’ MIDDAUGH HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the accomplishments of a re-markable community leader and environmental advocate from my district, Margaret ‘‘Peggy’’ Middaugh. Peggy Middaugh’s service in Worcester began when she joined the Regional Environ-mental Council as Executive Director in 1997. Serving in that role for 11 years, Peggy helped to transform REC from a small, volunteer-led organization into one of the region’s leading environmental groups. One of Peggy’s signature accomplishments with the REC was creating the Youth Environ-mental Service Corps. that connected urban youth with nature by providing opportunities for them to hike and maintain Worcester’s trails. This program eventually merged with urban gardens to create YouthGROW, an urban agriculture-focused youth development and employment program for low-income teens. YouthGROW currently employs low-in-come high school teens year-round, giving them the opportunity to gain leadership and jobs skills as they maintain two urban organic farms. Hundreds of youth have graduated from YouthGROW since its inception in 2002. Under her leadership, the REC built on its foundation of good work and expanded its focus into areas of environmental justice, urban agriculture, toxic use reduction, commu-nity gardens and youth development and lead-ership. Peggy also built partnerships with state and local officials to implement a Toxic Use Re-duction program that focused on educating residents in low income neighborhoods about how to reduce their exposure to household toxics, especially household cleaners and lead. The REC also developed Worcester’s first Climate Action Plan under Peggy’s leader-ship. Peggy has served in a wide range of roles over the years, and the truth is, no matter where she is, Peggy is making a difference. She helped form the Friends of the Five Mile River, established recycling centers in Stow and North Brookfield, and as the outreach co-ordinator for the Massachusetts Watershed Coalition and a Conservation Commissioner for the Town of North Brookfield; she worked hard to help pass the Massachusetts Rivers Protection Act of 1996. Peggy has also worked diligently to bring to-gether leaders from different parts of the com-munity to address issues of hunger and food justice. She played a leading role in estab-lishing ‘‘UGROW’’—a grassroots, citywide community garden network. Today, Worcester has sixty two community gardens, eighteen of which are at city schools, as well as half a dozen urban orchards. In response to the infestation of the invasive Asian Longhorn Beetle in Central Massachu-setts, which led to the destruction of large por-tions of our urban forest, Peggy founded the Worcester Tree Initiative and acted as its Ex-ecutive Director until her recent retirement. Under her leadership, the Worcester Tree Ini-tiative brought together government, commu-nity and business leaders to develop and im-plement a plan that resulted in the planting of more than 30,000 trees in Worcester and the surrounding communities. In addition to her work with the Regional Environmental Council and the Worcester Tree Initiative, Peggy has also been active in many community organizations and efforts through her roles as a founding member of the Blackstone Headwaters Coalition; on the Board of Directors of the Family Health Center of Worcester and the Main South Community Development Corporation; as a leader with the Castle Park Task Force; and as a volunteer for the homeless with the Interfaith Hospitality Network. Peggy has made everything that she has touched better. She is a shining example of what a truly dedicated public servant can achieve. And although Peggy is moving on to new challenges, just like the urban orchards she helped to establish, her contributions to my district will continue to grow and bear fruit for years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KENNETH MIKA, MATTHEW MOLLOY, AND COURT-NEY PAUL 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kenneth Mika, Matthew Molloy, and Courtney Paul for their hard work and dedica-tion to the people of Colorado’s Sixth District as interns in my Washington, D.C. office for the spring of the 114th Congress, Second Session. The work of these young men and women has been exemplary and I know they all have bright futures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative proc-ess. I was glad to be able to offer this edu-cational opportunity to these three and look forward to seeing them build their careers in public service. All three of our interns have made plans to continue their education and professional oc-cupations in Washington, D.C. and throughout the United States. I am certain they will suc-ceed in their new roles and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Kenneth Mika, Mat-thew Molloy, and Courtney Paul for their serv-ice this spring. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ZACK AND BRIE SMITHEY OF MISS AIMEE B’S TEA ROOM & GALLERY FOR RE-CEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DEVELOP-MENT DEPARTMENT 2016 EM-PLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD— SERVICE CATEGORY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor constituents of mine, Zack and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.021 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE636 April 29, 2016 
Brie Smithey. They are owners of Miss Aimee B’s Tea Room & Gallery and are receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award, in the Service Category from the City of St. Charles Economic Development Department. There is historical significance as Miss Aimee B’s Tea Room and Gallery is in the Na-tional Register of Historic Places. Miss Aimee B’s Tea Room and Gallery (the Marten/Becker House) remained in the family until 1982 when Miss Aimee Marie Louise Becker bequeathed it to the St. Charles County Historical Society. In 1991, Sherry Pfander and Judy purchased the Marten-Becker House from the St. Charles County Historical Society to start a business selling local arts and crafts. In January 2014, locals Zack and Brie Smithey proudly pur-chased the wonderful Miss Aimee B’s Tea Room & Gallery. Miss Aimee B’s takes pride in displaying local artists and crafters work in its upstairs shops. Since the year 2014, Miss Aimee B’s has in-creased sales by 20 percent. Zack and Brie also work to repurpose, rebuild, and preserve the historical energy of the house. This prac-tice honors the City of St. Charles efforts to preserve its historical Main Street. Miss Aimee B’s employees are dedicated, knowledgeable, and well respected. These employees are what make Miss Aimee B’s an enjoyable place to visit. Employees of Miss Aimee B’s are en-couraged to spend time with their families and friends, deepen their faith, lead healthy life-styles, be kind to others, and to always show warm hospitality. Miss Aimee B’s is a proud contributor to the St. Charles Community. The house donates food, gift cards, and time to local galas, churches, animal shelters and families in need. In addition, Zack Smithey has raised thousands of dollars for local charities with his personal art pieces. Miss Aimee B’s has also donated hundreds to local charities and holds charitable events for nonprofit organizations and individuals in need. I ask you to join me in recognizing Miss Aimee B’s for its accomplishment in the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—Service Cat-egory. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CURRENT AND FORMER PRINCE WILLIAM COUN-TY POLICE OFFICERS WHO AS-SISTED AND SUPPORTED THE LOSS TEAM 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend the Prince William County Police De-partment for its invaluable participation in the Local Outreach to Suicide Survivors (or LOSS) team. On January 27, 2012, Action in Commu-nity Through Service (or ACTS) of Prince Wil-liam, Inc. signed a Memorandum of Agree-ment with the Prince William County Police Department to collaborate on the creation of a LOSS team. The team is comprised of trained volunteers and staff who are accessible 24 hours a day, seven days a week through the ACTS Helpline. Since entering into the formal agree-ment with ACTS, members of the Prince Wil-liam County Police Department have diligently supported this program by immediately con-tacting the LOSS team upon notification of deaths by suicide to the Criminal Investiga-tions Division—Violent Crimes Bureau. The LOSS team then disseminates information about available community resources and pro-vides ongoing support to people grieving the loss of a friend or loved one to suicide. Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States for all ages; homicide ranks 17th. For every suicide, at least, six other lives are impacted. By ensuring sur-vivors receive the support that is desperately needed, the LOSS team in partnership with the Prince William County Police Department helps individuals weather their grief and take steps to rebuilding their lives. Just knowing that they are not alone helps give the sur-viving families the strength to go on. Without the dedication and leadership of the Prince William County Police Department, the LOSS team would not be able to sustain its success-ful first response program that continues to positively impact the lives of Prince William County residents each day. It is my honor to submit the following names of current and former Prince William County Police Officers who have assisted and sup-ported the LOSS program: Dan Carton, Brian Cavanaugh, Brian Coady, Darien Cupka, Dan Downey, Mike Fernald, Ben Grantham, Ray Hyatt, Rob Kasper, Joe Medawar, Juan Pena (deceased), Gina Pinedo, Astrid Robinson, Caillen Smith, Mike Sullivan, and Gary Van Dyke. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing these Prince William County po-lice officers for their tireless commitment to our community, the newly bereaved, ACTS, and the Prince William LOSS team. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE KIWANIS CLUB OF COLUMBUS 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Kiwanis Club of Columbus for celebrating its 100th year of serving the com-munity. Kiwanis International is a global volunteer organization with more than 8,000 clubs world-wide in over 80 countries. With a focus on serving children, members collectively orga-nize nearly 150,000 service projects and raise nearly $100 million every year in their commu-nities. As the fifth oldest club in the organization, The Kiwanis Club of Columbus was founded in 1916 and has been steadfast in its service for a century. The Club has been involved in a variety of projects in downtown Columbus, ranging from helping the homeless to pro-viding scholarships to area students. While many of the members of The Kiwanis Club of Columbus are busy professionals, they commit to making time in their schedules to participate in these and other service projects, and to give back to our great community. I would like to thank members of The Kiwanis Club of Columbus, past and present, for all they have done, especially for our kids. I also would like to congratulate them for reaching their Centennial Year. CONGRATULATING KIM BARK OF COMPLETE TRUCK & RV REPAIR FOR RECEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DEVELOP-MENT DEPARTMENT 2016 EM-PLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD— JOHN HECK AWARD HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Kim Bark. She is the owner of Complete Truck & RV Repair and is receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—John Heck Award from the City of St. Charles Economic Development Department. When Complete Truck & RV Repair opened as a family-run business in 2013, it had ten employees. Now, the shop is staffed by 22 employees and has been able to add Restora-tion, Fabrication, Auto & RV Detailing, and Towing Services. The Barks family also added another location for RV storage to continue serving their customers. To say that Complete Truck & RV Repair contributes to the St. Charles community would almost be an understatement. Kim and her father are passionate about animals and built a dog park for guests who come to serv-ice their vehicles. Kim is also a supporter of the organization Dogs on Duty, Five Acres Animal Shelter, and the Humane Society. Another part of Complete Truck & RV Re-pair’s community outreach is its contribution to the St. Charles’ Backstoppers. Kim’s father has helped the Backstoppers raise money for over 15 years. Complete Truck & RV Repair is hosting the 1st Annual Backstoppers Sum-mer Dance June 24th at the Machinists’ Hall to continue this fundraising effort. The Barks and their repair business work year round to raise awareness for the Backstoppers. The business owns a fire truck, named Red. Red travels around town to various fire houses to promote awareness of the Backstoppers fund. Red also can be seen in various city parades. Complete Truck & RV Repair hires veterans and is part of the Hire Heroes Program. The business honors veterans by giving them a discount. It currently has five veterans em-ployed on the Complete Truck & RV Repair staff. Complete Truck & RV Repair also gives Police Officers, EMS, and Firefighters a dis-count on services. I ask you to join me in recognizing Com-plete Truck & RV Repair for its accomplish-ment as the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—John Heck Award. 
f 
NATIONAL INFERTILITY AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for National Infertility Awareness Week, which has been federally recognized since 2010. Infertility is a disease of the reproductive system that affects men and women equally, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.025 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE637 April 29, 2016 
and millions of people—as many as 12 per-cent of reproductive-aged couples in Amer-ica—suffer from this devastating disease, un-able to start a family. The good news is that treatment for infer-tility has advanced sharply in the last two dec-ades, and includes in vitro fertilization, now considered the standard of care for many cou-ples being treated for infertility. Despite such 21st century advances, only 15 states currently provide coverage for even basic treatment for infertility. It is my hope that National Infertility Aware-ness Week will encourage honest and candid dialogue among lawmakers and health profes-sionals, in an effort to seek cures that will allow every American the opportunity to have a family. Mr. Speaker, in concluding, I want to con-gratulate RESOLVE, the nation’s oldest fertility advocacy organization, for the brilliant work they are doing to raise awareness about infer-tility. 
f 
HONORING THE 2016 VIENNA BUSI-NESS ASSOCIATION BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Vienna Business Association (VBA) and to congratulate the incoming 2016 board members. Vienna is known for its local charm and strong small business community. Money Magazine and CNN have both rated Vienna as one of the best places to live in the United States. The vibrant community spirit exhibited by its residents and local businesses has fos-tered an exceptional quality of life that is sought out by so many. The Vienna Business Association is the voice of the greater Vienna business commu-nity. It promotes business opportunities and development through networking and in-creased interaction between the commercial and residential communities within the town. Its members help maintain Vienna’s small town feel by hosting and supporting many an-nual community events. The VBA has thrived thanks to the diversity of its members and the leadership of its Board. I am pleased to submit the following names of the incoming 2016 board members: 2016 Chairman of the Board: George Creed. Incoming Board Members: Mary Kay Claus, Kathy Georgen, Jeff Bollettino, Agnes Wasowski, James Cudney, Tracy Murphy, Mi-chael Amouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the incoming board mem-bers and in commending the Vienna Business Association for their commitment to promoting the business community while encouraging so-cial responsibility. I wish them continued suc-cess in all their future endeavors. IN HONOR OF DALE EARNHARDT’S 65TH BIRTHDAY HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, it’s no secret that I’m a huge supporter of NASCAR. In fact, I’m fortunate to represent Charlotte Motor Speedway, ‘‘The Rock’’ in Rockingham, many NASCAR teams, and the best fans in the world. That’s why I’m here today to pay tribute to NASCAR champion, Kannapolis, North Caro-lina native and my all-time favorite driver, Dale Earnhardt. ‘‘The Intimidator’’ would have been 65 years old today, and I want to ask my fellow North Carolinians and racing enthusiasts to join me in celebrating his life and career. A legend on and off the track, Dale lived the American Dream. He came from humble be-ginnings in Kannapolis, North Carolina and worked hard to become one of NASCAR’s greatest heroes. He earned seven NASCAR Winston Cup championships, tying ‘‘The King,’’ Richard Petty. And through his success, he remained a man of the people who always gave back to the community he loved. From his debut at Charlotte Motor Speed-way in 1975, to his last NASCAR champion-ship that he secured with a win at ‘‘The Rock’’ in 1994, to his final laps at the Daytona 500— battling to keep two cars he owned in the lead—Dale faced every obstacle and oppor-tunity with unmatched courage, passion, deter-mination and a tremendous sense of humor. There’s no question that Dale Earnhardt left a lasting impression on motorsports, on our community, and on NASCAR fans like me. Happy birthday, Number 3. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, the weeks of April 18th and April 25th, I was unavoidably detained and missed several votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 155, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 156, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 157, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 158, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 159, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 160, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 161, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 162, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 163, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 164, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 165, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 166, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 167, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 168, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 169, ‘‘yes’’ on Roll Call No. 170, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 171, ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 172, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 173, and ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call No. 174. CONGRATULATING DAVID AND DEBBY SPETNAGEL OF FLEET FEET SPORTS FOR RECEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECO-NOMIC DEVELOPMENT DEPART-MENT 2016 EMPLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD—RETAIL CAT-EGORY HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor constituents of mine, David and Debby Spetnagel. They are owners of Fleet Feet Sports and are receiving the 2016 Em-ployer of the Year Award, in the Retail Cat-egory from the City of St. Charles Economic Development Department. Fleet Feet Sports opened its doors on April 12, 1993 and since then has been success-fully serving the community. Since the first store opening in 1993, five additional stores have been opened. In 2001, Fleet Feet Sports opened its Chesterfield location. In 2008, Fleet Feet Sports welcomed a new store in South St. Louis County. On Fleet Feet Sports’ 20th anniversary, David and Debby Spetnagel opened another store in Des Peres. The most recent store openings were in Town & Country in 2014 and O’Fallon in 2015. Over the last several years, Fleet Feet Sports has maintained consistent sales while adding 24 new employees in 2015. Employees of Fleet Feet Sports are recognized through-out their time with the company by the own-ers, David and Debby Spetnagel. With this type of employee recognition, it cultivates the spirit of strong customer service which posi-tively affects their business and creates con-tinued successes. Fleet Feet Sports has faced many chal-lenges over the years. Overcoming a very competitive retail and run specialty market and adapting to an ever-pressing e-commerce en-vironment were two of the hardest struggles faced by owners, David and Debby Spetnagel. To overcome these challenges, Fleet Feet Sports has had to consistently seek better ways to recognize and serve their customers as well as keeping their website and digital of-ferings up-to-date. Fleet Feet Sports’ dedication to the commu-nity is made evident by the various events it sponsors. The company hosts free social runs in the St. Charles area as well as Frontier Park. Throughout various donations of shoes and apparel, Fleet Feet Sports impacts numer-ous lives in the local community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Fleet Feet Sports for its accomplishment as the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—Retail Category. 
f 
CELEBRATING CARLOS ELIAS, SU-PERINTENDENT OF THE U.S. CAPITOL BUILDING AND THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate and thank Carlos for his 17 years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.029 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE638 April 29, 2016 
of outstanding service to the U.S. Capitol Building and the CVC. As Superintendent, he oversees the care and maintenance of 1.5 million gross square feet of space and manages a talented staff of 250 employees. It is a tremendous responsi-bility and his meticulous attention to detail and love of this institution is obvious to all who en-counter him. I was grateful for his leadership in 2004 when he led a small group of Members, in-cluding me, as we took on the project of re-decorating/redesigning the Democratic Cloak-room. His multitasking skills and good humor were much appreciated and made the project seamless and enjoyable from start to finish. Carlos has been a great supporter of my ef-forts to learn Spanish. I take a class each week and Carlos always greets me in Span-ish. Many Thanks (Muchas gracias). I’d also like to thank his wife, Ana, and their two sons for sharing Carlos with us. His job was not a 9 to 5 one so I’m certain there were many times when his family sacrificed so he could execute and oversee projects—large and small—including four Presidential Inau-gurations. I wish Carlos all the best as he begins a new chapter as Vice President of Facilities at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Per-forming Arts and extend my thanks and grati-tude for a job extraordinarily well done. Con-gratulations (Felicidades), Carlos. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF BONNIE J. SLOAN 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the honorable life of one of Tole-do’s daughters, Bonnie J. Sloan, an intellec-tual and a valued member of our community. Bonnie was born in Toledo, Ohio on Janu-ary 15, 1932 to Florence and Donald MacVay. She was a graduate of Waite High School and received a master’s and doctoral degree from the University of Toledo, where she went on to teach. Mrs. Sloan lived her life for her community and was a dedicated public servant, serving as a teacher and administrator in the Toledo Public Schools. Mrs. Sloan taught for a dec-ade at Raymer School before becoming an assistant principal of McKinley School and later a principal of Burroughs School and Edgewater School. During her tenure in the Toledo Public Schools, Mrs. Sloan was an elementary and curriculum supervisor. Under her leadership the school system developed a program to bring students from Northern Ohio colleges and universities into Toledo schools for teach-ing experience. Mrs. Sloan’s top concern was always for the children she served, and she often commented to friends that she would greatly prefer to be in the classroom than an administrative office. Her passion for education and instilling a thirst for knowledge did not end after her re-tirement from the Toledo Public Schools. Mrs. Sloan went on to work in higher education as a faculty member at Defiance College. After another decade Mrs. Sloan retired from teach-ing, but continued her work with Defiance Col-lege on the board of trustees. Mrs. Sloan was also a distinguished author of several children’s books, which she penned throughout her career. As in her professional life, Mrs. Sloan’s personal life was also spent in service. She was a former president of Zonta Club II and the Flower Hospital Auxil-iary, both cherished organizations that strengthen our community. Bonnie was married to Gordon Sloan, a re-spected pharmacist, on June 16, 1956. They celebrated fifty years together before his pass-ing on December 21, 2006. The couple liked to joke about their relationship, Bonnie being a ‘‘city girl,’’ and Doc being a ‘‘country boy.’’ Their nieces and nephews were also bene-fiters of Bonnie’s generosity and loving guid-ance. Bonnie cherished time spent with her nieces and nephews, including the hours in which she enlisted them to help set up her class-rooms. Later in life, she would take joy in time spent with her great-nieces and great-neph-ews. Bonnie will be remembered lovingly by her brother, Harry MacVay, sister-in-law Connie, nieces and nephews, and her many friends. We offer them our prayers and hope that they find comfort in the wonderful memories of such an outstanding public servant, who will be remembered with affection and gratitude for her probing intellect, kind heart, and dedi-cation to advancing Toledo as a community, its children and its future. f 
HONORING LEWIS ROSS BROWN, IV 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Virginia 11th Congressional District resident, Lewis Ross Brown, IV. At the age of seven, Lewis became the youngest member of the Society of Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry (SETAC) on record. Affectionately referred to as Lil’ Lewis by friends and family, Lewis Ross Brown, IV is a second-grade student at Bel Air Elementary School in Prince William County. His favorite subjects are biology, chemistry, and mathe-matics. Inspired by his parents, scientists Dr. Lewis Ross Brown, III and Dr. Shamira Brown, Lewis aspires to become an Environmental Toxicologist with the federal government. In his spare time, Lewis enjoys reading books and viewing documentaries about African American and Latin American history to better advocate for racial and social justice. Lewis plans to maintain his perfect school attend-ance record throughout his public school edu-cation. After graduation from high school, he intends to pursue a Bachelor of Science de-gree at either Hampton University or Norfolk State University in Virginia and major in Envi-ronmental Toxicology with a double concentra-tion in Chemistry and Toxicology. Given his recent acceptance into SETAC, Lewis is well on his way to achieving his goals. With more than 6,000 active members, SETAC is one of the oldest global partnership non-profit organizations in the world. The or-ganization provides a forum for scientists, managers, and other professionals to take a multidisciplinary approach to solving environ-mental problems. For the past 37 years, SETAC has effectively balanced the manage-ment and regulation of natural resources, re-search and development, and environmental education among academics, businesses, and all levels of government. As a recent inductee, Lewis is currently assembling a digital com-puter project that will depict the aquatic toxicity effects of mercury contamination exposure in freshwater and marsh environments and on aquatic organisms exposed. Lewis hopes to present his project at the National SETAC meeting later this year. Lewis’ recent induction into SETAC is noth-ing short of astonishing. As a student in Prince William County Public Schools system, his achievement highlights the world-class edu-cation offered to residents of the 11th Con-gressional District. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues to join me in commending Lewis Ross Brown, IV on his induction as the youngest member of the Society of Environmental Toxi-cology and Chemistry. I applaud his scientific curiosity and have full confidence in his future success as he continues to shatter barriers in the field of environmental toxicology and chemistry. f 
COMMEMORATING NATIONAL INFERTILITY AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to express my support for National Infer-tility Awareness Week, which has been feder-ally recognized since 2010, and in support of the millions of people in this country, both men and women, who currently suffer from the in-ability to start a family because of infertility. Infertility is a disease of the reproductive system that affects men and women equally, and as many as 12 percent of reproductive- aged couples in America suffer from this dev-astating disease. It is also among the most frequently mis-understood diseases. We observe National Infertility Awareness Week to increase public awareness and en-courage honest and candid dialogue among lawmakers and health professionals, in an ef-fort to address this painful disease and seek cures that will allow every American the op-portunity to have a family. In addition to the millions of couples of re-productive age who suffer from infertility, countless more who are diagnosed with can-cer also face the probability of becoming infer-tile due to the effects of the treatment for can-cer. Imagine facing not only a cancer diagnosis, but learning that the very treatment will render you unable to have children. An untold number of military veterans, in-cluding those returning from combat duty, suf-fer injuries that render them unable to have a baby without medical treatment. The good news is that treatment for infer-tility has advanced sharply in the last two dec-ades, and includes in vitro fertilization, or ‘‘IVF,’’ now considered the standard of care for many couples being treated for infertility. Despite such 21st century advances, how-ever, many states still do not provide insur-ance coverage for IVF; in fact, only 15 states 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.034 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE639 April 29, 2016 
currently provide coverage for even basic treatment for infertility. For many patients, IVF not only increases the chance of having a baby, it significantly re-duces the incidence of multiple births. A reduction in multiple births decreases health care and other costs both for insurance companies and families, and studies by the American Society of Reproductive Medicine show this treatment results in healthier babies. I want to congratulate RESOLVE, the na-tion’s oldest fertility advocacy organization, and the important and necessary work they are doing to raise awareness about the dev-astating effects caused by disease of infertility. I urge all Members to join me in commemo-rating National Infertility Awareness Week. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 45TH ANNIVER-SARY OF LIFESTREAM BEHAV-IORAL CENTER 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize LifeStream Behav-ioral Center as they celebrate 45 years of service and Mental Health Month during the month of May. LifeStream is dedicated to their mission of supporting recovery, promoting health and creating hope. Mental Health Awareness Month is an important opportunity to highlight the progress that has been made thus far, as well as to inspire continued efforts toward building a better future for the next generation. In 1969, LifeStream began as a component of Waterman Memorial Hospital in Eustis, Flor-ida, and became a non-profit organization in 1971. Since its founding, LifeStream has ex-panded to twenty-one facilities and fifty-two programs to serve and empower those who suffer from mental illness, substance abuse, and homelessness in Lake, Sumter, and Or-ange Counties. For 45 years, LifeStream has helped thousands of individuals in our commu-nity achieve recovery and reach their highest potential. Not only does LifeStream provide re-habilitative services and conduct research, they also engage in community outreach pro-grams to provide families and individuals with the resources they need to live healthy lives. This is a momentous year for LifeStream, and I am honored to join my friend, Jonathan Cherry, CEO/President of LifeStream in cele-brating this milestone. The community and families of Central Florida are blessed to have a committed behavioral health center such as LifeStream, and I commend them for the measures they are undertaking to support re-covery and provide hope to those in need. CONGRATULATING ELLIOTT STI-PES OF GREEN CLEAN COMMER-CIAL FOR RECEIVING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DE-VELOPMENT DEPARTMENT 2016 EMPLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD—SUSTAINABILITY CAT-EGORY HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Elliott Stipes. He is the owner of Green Clean Com-mercial and is receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award, in the Sustainability Category from the City of St. Charles Economic Devel-opment Department. Green Clean Commercial is a national com-pany that joined the St. Charles community in 2015. Green Clean is a janitorial services company and currently employs 38 individuals locally. Green Clean strives for positive em-ployee lifestyle through weekly recognition an-nounced at weekly company culture meetings, employee of the month recognition, and an-nual recognition. There have been some difficulties for Green Clean, but it has overcome these difficulties and maintained consistency with its customers and employees. Throughout the recession, Green Clean was able to be successful by committing to flexibility and partnership with its customers. Green Clean has created a sup-portive workplace with recognition, training, leadership, and compensation. Green Clean is a member of the U.S. Green Building Council and was awarded ‘‘Best Jani-torial Services Company’’ for 2015. To im-prove energy efficiency, Green Clean uses LED lighting in all offices and additionally uses motion sensors for its lighting, which reduces energy consumption. Additionally, Green Clean uses green seal certified cleaning solu-tions. Green Clean sets the standard for its customers through implementing recycling pro-grams for the Green Clean employees and for the employees of the businesses for which it is providing janitorial services. Another way Green Clean is sustainable is by providing its employees with drinking thermoses, which will in turn reduce water bottle waste. Green Clean is passionate about its com-munity involvement and encourages its em-ployees to also become involved with volun-teering opportunities. Green Clean hosts a do-nation drive to support a local organization, ‘‘Youth in Need.’’ Additionally, Green Clean supports programs that are initiatives of its customers across the country. I ask you to join me in recognizing Green Clean Commercial for its accomplishment in the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—Sus-tainability Category. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE HBCU CAUCUS 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor to speak in recognition of the one-year anniversary of the Bipartisan HBCU caucus and highlight the great impact of His-torically Black Colleges and Universities. HBCUs continue to stand as a bastion of learning and advancement for so many stu-dents of color. About 20 percent of African American students earning their bachelor’s de-grees do so from HBCUs. HBCUs serve a disproportionate number of low-income, first-generation students. More than 75 percent of HBCUs students rely on Pell Grants and almost 13 percent of students rely on PLUS loans. It is clear that, for many students who would otherwise find higher edu-cation out of reach, HBCUs provide a strong pathway to success. HBCUs also provide a strong value to students and their families, al-lowing for a small-college experience with lower tuition and fees than comparable institu-tions. This includes schools like Florida Memorial University, located in Florida’s 24th district. Florida Memorial has the distinction of being the only historically black university in south-ern Florida and one of the oldest academic in-stitutions in the entire state of Florida. Under the leadership of Dr. Roslyn Clark Artis, Flor-ida Memorial continues to provide students with the quality education, leadership skills, and heart for service they need to become strong global citizens in our changing world. As a proud graduate of an HBCU, I am proud to work with my colleagues to advance policies that benefit HBCUs. I want to thank Congresswoman ALMA ADAMS of North Caro-lina and Congressman B
RADLEY BYRNE of Ala- bama for their strong leadership on this bipar-tisan caucus over the past year. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues for the betterment of HBCUs in Florida and across the country. 
f 
DESIGNATING MAY 2016 AS DIRECT DEPOSIT AND DIRECT PAYMENT VIA ACH MONTH 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize May as the Direct Deposit and Direct Payment via Automated Clearing House (ACH) Month. NACHA—The Electronic Pay-ments Association serves as the trustee of the ACH Network, which is supported by 12,000 financial institutions across the nation. Work-ing together they enable payments such as di-rect deposit and direct payment via ACH. An-nually, the ACH Network transfers 24 billion Direct Deposits and Direct Payments, totaling more than $41 trillion. Direct Deposit is the deposit of funds for payroll, employee expense reimbursement, government benefits, tax and other refunds, annuities and interest payments. Direct Pay-ment transactions can include bill payments, person-to-person payments, business-to-busi-ness payments, and online and mobile pur-chases. Today, more than 80 percent of U.S. work-ers receive their regular pay using Direct De-posit via ACH, and consumers pay 800 million bills each month with Direct Payment via ACH. Direct Deposit and Direct Payment are an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.037 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE640 April 29, 2016 
easy, safe, convenient, cost-effective and en-vironmentally friendly way to make and re-ceive payments. Use of Direct Deposit and Di-rect Payment enable consumers and busi-nesses alike to save costs, save time and pro-tect the environment by eliminating the time, hassle and expense of writing and cashing paper checks and making trips to the bank or credit union. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the month of May as Direct Deposit and Direct Payment via ACH Month, and I urge all members of the community to consider Direct Deposit and Direct Payment as a valuable option to make and receive pay-ments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN A. WESTMORELAND 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 179, Number 177, Number 176, Number 175, Number 172, and Number 171 I am not recorded because I was absent. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on passage. 
f 
SUPPORTING WORK OF THE HIGHLAND CENTER 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, Highland County, Va., is a little slice of heaven. Anyone who lives there or has visited this beautiful area knows exactly what I mean. I am hon-ored to represent the Sixth Congressional Dis-trict in the House of Representatives, including this unique region of the Commonwealth. Part of what makes Highland County special is that it is remote. It is a living example of how vibrant rural America remains. That has plenty of advantages and in many ways High-land County remains a well-kept secret. But that also comes with a unique set of chal-lenges, including limited access for businesses and limited opportunities for growth. In a re-gion that continues to be known for its heavy reliance on an agri-business economy, the Highland Center is an important asset in help-ing preserve jobs and encourage new enter-prises. With the mission of serving all citizens of Highland County by being a catalyst for cul-tural and economic development, the Highland Center in Monterey, Va., has become a gath-ering place and treasured landmark in the community. Since its inception in 1998, I have visited the facility to see its programs in action and have been kept well-informed about the variety of ventures that it supports in the Alleghany Highlands. The Highland Center has spent a great deal of time building public and private connections to sustain its many operations, including a business incubator, a farmers market, and the Youth Employment Program. Today, the High-land Center houses 13 tenants representing a mix of small businesses, individual artists, and non-profit organizations It also serves as a public venue for community events. Most recently, the Center has embarked upon an effort to renovate the old school building that serves as its headquarters. On May 1, the Highland Center will hold a ribbon- cutting to officially unveil its newly renovated facility. While the Highland Center was tempo-rarily relocated to the historic Highland Inn during construction, the organization’s work in the community did not cease. The improve-ments made to the Highland Center over the past 13 months will aid in the Center’s innova-tive and collaborative work as well as efforts to further integrate this vital community center into the local economy. The reopening of the Highland Center is a long-awaited occasion. I thank the Highland Center Board members, Executive Director Betty Mitchell, and the countless volunteers for their hard work and dedication to seeing this through. I wholeheartedly support the Highland Center’s drive to develop creative solutions to rural Virginia’s needs. I wish the Center great success as it reopens its much-improved facil-ity. f 
RECOGNIZING THE HONOREES OF THE 2016 NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOOTBALL HALL OF FAME AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Northern Virginia Football Hall of Fame (NVFHOF) and to congratulate the 2016 inductees and scholarship award re-cipients. Participation in organized sports instills many values that will serve our youth well throughout life, including sportsmanship, team-work, honesty, and the work ethic developed by striving for success and working to achieve a common goal. For 26 years, the NVFHOF has recognized the efforts of players, coaches, officials, and cheerleaders from local youth and scholastic football programs and inducts a few excep-tional individuals who have made significant contributions to the game. In addition, the NVHOF presents several student-athletes with scholarships to help defray the cost of college. I commend the NVFHOF and congratulate the following students, coaches and commu-nity leaders who are being recognized during the 26th Annual NVFHOF Awards Banquet: $1,500 Scholarship Award Recipients: Mad-eleine Maria Morgan, Riley Newell, Michael Vaughn, and Kullen Kritsky Fairfax County Football Hall of Fame 2016 Inductees: Eugene Y. Chung, Robert Mead-ows, and Brian Newell Football Officials of the Year: Brian Pelleteir, Dave McKee, Darelle Crandall Karl Davey Community Achievement Award: Michael Godwin Tom Davis Meritorious Service Award: Bill Curran Gene Nelson Commissioner of the Year Award: Brian Edwards High School Coaches of the Year: Kyle Sim-mons, Jason Dawson High School Players of the Year: Tyler Scanlon, Ceneca Espinoza, Jr., Kevin Allen, Zac Kerxton, Josh Hurlburt, Zach Burdick Youth Coaches of the Year: Brian Conway, Rex Petrey, Phil Anderson, and Randy McCargo Youth Sports Players of the Year: Max Gar-rison Gomez, Christopher Allen, Jalen Thomas Walker, Chet Kane Collins, Charlie O’Connor, Will Allen, Luke Fernandez, Clayton Rosen-berger, Tyga Golden, Henry Hogan, Brodie Carroll, Michael Honesty, Mason Miles, Day-ton Lipscomb, Scott Woods II, Nate Williams, Matthew Flenniken, Darius Brown, Clayton Sheffield, Nick Anderson, Dominick Keator, and Andrew Margiotta Youth Cheerleaders of the Year: Ariana Lewis, Naterria Tillery, Aislinn Emery, Jessica Daly, and Janelle Lenore Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Northern Virginia Hall of Fame as well as those students, coaches and community leaders who are being hon-ored at the 2016 Football Hall of Fame cele-bration. f 
HONORING LT. PRESLEY NEVILLE O’BANNON 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a great American, Presley Neville O’Bannon. He was born in Virginia in 1776, where his father served as a captain in the Continental Army. O’Bannon was appointed a Second Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps in 1801 and was quickly promoted to First Lieutenant in 1802. He served on the USS Argus, one of many ships used in the protection of United States commerce against the Barbary pirates. In 1805 he was selected for a special mission. During a storm, the USS Philadelphia went aground off the coast of Tripoli and the 180 member crew was captured and imprisoned at Derne. Lieutenant O’Bannon led a few brave Marines through fierce enemy fire, took pos-session of one of the enemy’s batteries, and planted the American flag. He became the first American to raise our flag on foreign soil dur-ing a time of war. Weeks of fighting ensued and finally the captured Americans were freed. The bravery of Lt. O’Bannon and others is for-ever commemorated in the Marine Corps Hymn in the words ‘‘To the Shores of Tripoli’’. Hamet Karamanli, the new leader of Tripoli, was so appreciative of the actions of Lt. O’Bannon that he presented him with the now famous blade of Damascus, a jeweled sword with a Mameluke hilt. U.S. Marine Corps offi-cers still wear the Mameluke sword today as part of their dress uniform. Lieutenant O’Bannon left the Marine Corps in 1807 and moved to Logan County, Ken-tucky to live for the rest of his days. He served in both the Kentucky House of Representa-tives and the Kentucky Senate. He died on September 12, 1850 at the age of 74. The Daughters of the American Revolution re-moved his remains to the cemetery in Frank-fort, Kentucky in 1920 and erected a memorial to this ‘‘Hero of the Derne’’. Lieutenant Presley Neville O’Bannon was a true American hero and I am proud to honor his memory before the United States House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.041 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE641 April 29, 2016 
HONORING MAYOR KEN SUNSERI 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize and honor Mayor Ken Sunseri of my hometown of Haleyville, Ala-bama. Mayor Sunseri has served as the mayor of Haleyville since 2008 and has prov-en himself to be a leader who has shown dedication to the city and every citizen thereof. Mayor Sunseri is not only the leader of my hometown, but he is also the leader of men. During the Vietnam War, Sunseri served his country as a platoon leader with the First In-fantry Division and retired at the rank of Colo-nel. He is one of our country’s brave veterans whom we can all be proud. Over the years he has dedicated himself to his country and his local community. In 2004 he was awarded the Civitan Citizen of the Year. In 2005 his involvement in the Alabama Communities of Excellence (ACE) program led to his being named the most outstanding ACE volunteer. He has held numerous Board positions and received many awards, most recently receiv-ing the 2011 Haleyville High School Alumni Service and Dedication Award. Sunseri has served Haleyville through many widespread agencies including President and Deputy Dis-trict Governor of the Haleyville Lions Club, President of the Haleyville Chamber of Com-merce, President of the Haleyville Merchants Association, Member, Haleyville Library Board, Member, Haleyville Housing Authority, Mem-ber, Haleyville Industrial Recruiting Committee, Member, Individual and Family Support Board, Board Chairman 310 Board, Winston/Marion Counties. As Mayor, Sunseri was approached with an opportunity to construct a new city hall for Haleyville. Under his leadership this project was completed in January 2016 and will serve citizens for decades to come. Most importantly, Mayor Sunseri is married to Kay Sunseri and they have three children: David Sunseri, Beth Moore and Jennifer Sunseri. They also have five grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, it is a great privilege to honor Mayor Sunseri for his long service to so many in Haleyville and Winston County and the State of Alabama. 
f 
STORYCORPS 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, as the founder and co-chair of the Public Broad-casting Caucus and a strong supporter of pub-lic media and federal funding for humanities, I would like to raise awareness of StoryCorps. As one of the largest oral history projects, StoryCorps invites people from across the country to record and preserve their stories for future generations within their archive at the American Folklife Center at the Library of Con-gress. StoryCorps recently arrived on Capitol Hill and is welcoming individuals to record, preserve, and share their stories at their MobileBooth recording venue, which will be parked outside of the Library of Congress until May 15, 2016. Since 2003, generous support from the Cor-poration for Public Broadcasting and others has enabled StoryCorps to collect over 65,000 stories from more than 110,000 participants in all 50 states. They record interviews at various venues across the country, including at their MobileBooth, which tours the nation year- round. StoryCorps also shares excerpts of col-lected interviews with a national audience of millions through weekly broadcasts on NPR, broadcasts on local public media stations in towns and cities across the country, animated shorts on PBS, and via digital media and best-selling books. StoryCorps’ work has been widely recognized with several George Foster Peabody Awards, a MacArthur Award for Cre-ative and Effective Institutions, and most re-cently, the 2015 TED Prize. All StoryCorps’ activities are carried out in collaboration with local and national partners. Each year, StoryCorps partners with hundreds of community-based organizations from across the country—including local schools, public li-braries, local public media stations, hospitals, veterans’ affairs centers, and others—to record, preserve, and share the stories of their constituents. In these ways, StoryCorps is pro-moting a deeper understanding—both historic and contemporary—of people living in diverse communities that contribute to our nation’s rich diversity. This important work would not be possible without federal support of public broadcasting, and I urge my colleagues to continue their support. I also hope that my colleagues and their staff will have time to visit the StoryCorps MobileBooth at the Library of Congress in the coming days to learn more and participate. f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF W. BREWSTER ELY IV 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I pay tribute to W. Brewster Ely IV on the occasion of his retirement as Head-master of Town School for Boys in San Fran-cisco, after more than a quarter of a century of inspiring and thoughtful educational leader-ship and service to the San Francisco commu-nity. I join generations of Town School students, families, educators and staff in expressing our deepest appreciation and gratitude to Mr. Ely for the indelible mark he has left on a treas-ured San Francisco institution and on the lives of all who passed through its halls. Brewster Ely arrived at Town School in 1989, carrying the strong personal values and traditions of his family—following in his father’s footsteps as an educator, and as a head-master himself for 24 years. During his 27 years as Headmaster, Ely helped countless students discover their strengths and talents, pursue their dreams, ex-press their creativity and develop their unique character. Each and every morning, Head-master Ely greeted his students with a hand-shake that conveyed his commitment to their education, his respect for their well-being, and the promise of a bright future. With Ely’s leadership, the campus has been dramatically transformed and the performing arts and athletic programs expanded. He has had a significant and lasting impact on every aspect of Town School life. When he retires, Ely will have served as Headmaster for more than a third of the Town School’s nearly 80- year history. Headmaster Ely also worked to support the educational opportunities of those beyond the Town School. In 1990 Ely co-founded Project Discover, an educational summer camp serv-ing low income children in the San Francisco Bay Area. He created the New Teacher Insti-tute which trains new educators and adminis-trators to carry on the academic excellence and values of Town School throughout the San Francisco Bay Area, and further. Brewster Ely has been deeply committed to our San Francisco community. He has served on the boards of the San Francisco Zoo, the Boys and Girls Clubs of San Francisco, KIPP Bay Area Schools, Carney Sandoe and Asso-ciates, Stevenson School and the International Boys’ Schools Coalition, of which he was president. I join the Town School Community in thank-ing Brewster Ely’s family, his wife Nancy and his children Jenny, Jamie and Katherine for sharing their magnificent husband and father with the San Francisco community. My hus-band Paul and our son Paul Jr., a Town School alumnus, join me in wishing Brewster Ely an enjoyable and rewarding future. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2016 RECIPI-ENTS OF THE DALE CITY MULTI-CULTURAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 2016 recipients of the Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards sponsored by Dale City Christian Church. The purpose of the event is two-fold: to highlight the extraor-dinary work of individuals who are improving the lives of people within the local community and to offer financial assistance to high school seniors pursuing higher education. Since 1984, the Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards have recognized the ac-complishments of African-Americans in the community. Formerly known as the ‘‘Afro Achievement Organization,’’ the Dale City Multicultural Achievement Award and Scholar-ship Organization under the leadership of Bishop Patrick O. Thomas and Rhonda Pitt-man highlight the achievements of residents. This year’s award recipients highlight the achievements of African-Americans under the motto: ‘‘For if a man does not know his his-tory, he cannot know his future.’’ It is my honor to submit names of the recipients of the 2016 Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards: Pastoral Leadership: Pastor Douglas Greene, Sr. Religious Leadership Award: Rev. Marvin Hargrove Educational Leadership Award: Mrs. Sheila Coleman and Ms. Rae Darlington Public Service Award: Del. Michael Futrell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.046 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE642 April 29, 2016 
Community Service Award: Doves & Eagles of Faith—Mrs. April Barrett and Roses Home Healthcare—Ms. Michelle Wimberly Professional Leadership Award: Mrs. Bev-erly Johnson and Mr. Kevin Williams Business Achievement Award: Dunkin Donuts—Mr. Jerome Johnson and We Do Weddings, Etc.—Mrs. Cheri Walker Christian Service Award: Mrs. Lousia Can-non and Trustee Donnell Richardson Faithfulness Award: Ms. Annie Brown and Ms. Christine Dunbar Dedication Christian Family Award: Mr. and Mrs. Arthur McCastle & Family Senior Christian Service Award: Miss Kristen Mitchell and Mr. Blake Conquest Junior Christian Service Award: Mr. Aaron Dade and Mr. Cameron Harris 2016 High School Senior Scholarship Re-cipients: Mr. Blake Conquest, Mr. Tyland Crawford, Mr. James Curtis, Miss La’Ren Davis, Miss Kira Dixon, Miss Kaelyn Larry, Miss Kristen Mitchell, and Miss Seqouyah Portee Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the 2016 Dale City Multicul-tural Achievement Awards recipients and in thanking them for their individual efforts to en-sure we each maintain a quality life and live a better tomorrow. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to make it to the April 28, 2016, vote on H.J. Res. 88. If present, I would have voted NO on H.J. Res. 88, the resolution to disapprove of the final Department of Labor fiduciary duty rule. The Department of Labor thoughtfully and carefully crafted the rule over five years with the input of thousands of written comments from academics, advocacy groups, and indus-try and the benefit of 4 days of field hearings and hundreds of meetings. The final rule will protect retirement savers from conflicts of in-terest that encourage advisors to prioritize their financial gain over that of their clients. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HALEY CARLSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Haley Carlson of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the highest Future Farmer of America (FFA) Award, the Iowa Farmer Degree Award. Haley is a member of the Atlantic Future Farmer of America Chapter. Haley has a strong commitment to agri-culture and hopes to be involved in agriculture in the future. Haley said, ‘‘To accomplish this goal is really motivating.’’ Her plans include an agriculture education and becoming an advo-cate for agriculture issues. In order for Haley to receive this award it took many years of hard work and determination to be successful in agriculture. She has been an active mem-ber in the Atlantic FFA Chapter, exhibited live-stock at the Cass County Fair and served as an officer of her FFA Chapter, as well as par-ticipating in numerous activities and contests. Haley had to accomplish a supervised agri-culture experience project, maintain records of the project, and complete an application for consideration in completing her requirements for the award. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Haley for earning this award. It is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating her ac-complishments and in wishing her nothing but continued success in her future endeavors in agriculture. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF DR. FREDERICK V. MILLER 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Dr. Fred-erick V. Miller of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Dr. Miller was an inspiration to all those who knew him— From his selfless and passionate work on behalf of our society’s most vulnerable peo-ple—critically-ill newborn and premature in-fants; To his service in the United States Army; To his business career that helped care for South Floridians; He truly lived a life of public service, with a vigor and spirit that lifted up every person he knew. I had the distinct pleasure and privilege in the Florida Legislature to work with Dr. Miller to pass the ‘‘Drive Thru Baby Bill’’ which man-dated that insurance companies cover the care after a birth that new mothers need—not the middling coverage they received before Dr. Miller lent his voice and service to our ef-forts. Recognizing a problem with too many newborns being born with hearing challenges that went undetected, Dr. Miller worked with me to pass the Newborn Infant Screening Act to ensure that all newborns in the State of Florida had their hearing checked soon after birth. I will always remember him as a man of science; A kind man who cared deeply for his pa-tients and; A man who worked tirelessly to better the lives of mothers and children. My thoughts are with his wife Sharon; his sons Harrison and Sterling; and their entire extended family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HONOREES OF THE 2016 PRINCE WILLIAM COUN-TY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE BUSINESS AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the honorees of the 2016 Prince Wil-liam County Chamber of Commerce Business Awards. The Prince William Chamber of Commerce is comprised of a diverse membership, which represents nearly 70,000 employees. To-gether, they create a sustainable environment where businesses and people thrive by focus-ing on business growth, economic develop-ment, advocacy, education, and community outreach. For the fifth year in a row, the Chamber will recognize excellence in business, innovative practices, and outstanding contributions to the community at the 2016 Prince William Cham-ber Business Awards. This year, the Chamber adds the Charles J. Colgan Visionary Award and industry-specific awards to ensure varying industry sectors have the chance to stand out. The annual awards ceremony is held to honor local businesses, business leaders, and indi-viduals who promote and advance a vital and healthy business environment through their commitment to strengthening opportunity and prosperity in the Washington, D.C. Metropoli-tan region. It is my honor to submit the 2016 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Business Award recipients: Excellence in Small Business Award: Harry H. Horning Financial Services. Business Excellence Award: Micron Tech-nology, Inc. Emerging Business Award: FreshySites. Innovative Practice/Partnership of the Year Award: Heavy Construction Contractors Asso-ciation. Community Outreach Award: Bookworm Central. Government Contractor of the Year Award: Zeiders Enterprises, Inc. Outstanding Customer Service Award: Okra’s Cajun Creole. Tech Company of the Year Award: Tracen Technologies, Inc. Agnes L. Community Service—Arts and Education Award: Christ Chapel Academy. Agnes L. Community Service—Health and Human Services Award: Habitat for Humanity of Prince William County. Charles J. Colgan Visionary Award: Parr and Associates. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in commending the Prince William Chamber of Commerce and in congratulating the 2016 Chamber Business Awards winners for their outstanding service and achievements. Their efforts, on behalf of a diverse community pop-ulation, ensure the continued development of Prince William County as one of the premier counties in the United States in which to live, work, and play. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 75TH AN-NIVERSARY OF DELTA KAPPA GAMMA’S MASSACHUSETTS CHAPTER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the many accomplishments of the Massachusetts chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma (DKG) on the seventy-fifth anniver-sary of its founding. Delta Kappa Gamma has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.049 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE643 April 29, 2016 
played an integral role in supporting women in education across the world. Here at home, the Alpha Upsilon chapter has been promoting their values of uniting, honoring and advancing female educators in our very midst for sev-enty-five years. Founded in 1929 in Austin, Texas, Delta Kappa Gamma was conceived as a forum for teachers from all environments to come to-gether in the spirit of professional betterment. DKG has always sought to reach out to teach-ers from all walks of life. From rural school teachers to urban college professors, it has been the vision of the organization to cele-brate distinguished female educators. On June 30, 1941, the Alpha Upsilon chap-ter of DKG was established at the historic Park Plaza Hotel in downtown Boston as the 44th such chapter in the nation. Since its founding, this Massachusetts chapter has flourished—providing many opportunities and resources for its active members. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the women of Delta Kappa Gamma for all they have done in advancing the cause of edu-cation around the world and in celebrating their 75th anniversary. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KEITH LEVY OF ROYAL CANIN USA FOR RECEIV-ING THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT DE-PARTMENT 2016 EMPLOYER OF THE YEAR AWARD—MANUFAC-TURING/INDUSTRIAL CATEGORY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Keith Levy. He is the President of Royal Canin USA and is receiving the 2016 Employer of the Year Award, in the Manufacturing/Industrial Category from the City of St. Charles Eco-nomic Development Department. Royal Canin USA is a global dog and cat food company which originated in France in 1968. In the United States, you’ll find Royal Canin associates hard at work at the com-pany’s headquarters and manufacturing facili-ties located in St. Charles, Missouri. Royal Canin USA has created an inviting workplace for its employees with numerous incentives: family day for all associates to attend with their families, pet friendly offices where associ-ates can bring their pets to work, take your sons and daughters to work day, and two off- leash dog parks outside its offices. Over the last year, Royal Canin USA has added 25 associates in the St. Charles office and 100 overall. It has expanded its office to add workspace for 90 new associates. Royal Canin USA honors the longstanding tradition of rewarding its employees for their dedication and work. Associates are eligible for bonuses and to be recognized by Royal Canin’s ‘‘Make a Difference Program.’’ This program recog-nizes employees who have made a positive impact on the company. Royal Canin USA’s dedication to the com-munity is made evident by its involvement with numerous community leadership initiatives. Royal Canin provides dog food to the state’s Puppies for Parole program, where offenders train shelter dogs. This training makes the dogs eligible for adoption, while positively im-pacting the inmates and offenders. Royal Canin also hosted an Advanced Puppies for Parole Gala, which was attended by the First Lady of Missouri. In addition, the dog food company donates food to a pet food bank called ‘‘Rescue Bank.’’ This bank distributes pet food to shelters in need across the coun-try. Royal Canin USA recently held a local 5k run and walk with proceeds benefitting a local dog therapy association. I ask you to join me in recognizing Royal Canin USA for its accomplishment as the 2016 Employer of the Year Award—Manufac-turing/Industrial Category. f 
HONORING GOVERNOR JOSEPH KERNAN FOR A DISTINGUISHED CAREER IN PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former Governor Joseph E. Kernan and honor him for a long career in public service. Kernan is the oldest of nine children and a graduate of St. Joseph High School in South Bend, Indiana. He attended the University of Notre Dame where he was a catcher on the baseball team and earned a degree in govern-ment. Upon graduation, Kernan joined the U.S. Navy where he served as a Naval Flight Officer aboard the U.S.S. Kitty Hawk. During a reconnaissance mission over North Vietnam, Kernan was shot down and held captive as a POW for nearly 11 months. After his release from captivity, Kernan continued to serve his country on active duty. He was awarded the Navy Commendation Medal, two Purple Hearts, and the Distinguished Flying Cross for his service. After his military service, Kernan worked in the private sector as a successful business-man before serving as South Bend’s City Con-troller from 1980 to 1984. In 1987, he was elected Mayor of South Bend and would be-come the longest serving mayor in the city’s history. In 1996, Frank O’Bannon and Kernan were elected as Indiana’s governor and lieutenant governor and were reelected in 2000. As lieu-tenant governor, Kernan served as president of the Indiana Senate, director of the Indiana Department of Commerce, and commissioner of Agriculture. In particular, Kernan played a vital role in improving services for veterans, having spearheaded a Veterans Outreach Ini-tiative to educate veterans on available bene-fits through the state and federal government. In 2003, after the unfortunate passing of Governor Frank O’Bannon, Kernan assumed the role of Governor until 2005. Since then, he has been active in the community, serving in various leadership roles. Governor Kernan and his wife Maggie have spent their careers serving the city, state, and nation. On behalf of Hoosiers in the Second Congressional District, it is my honor to thank them both for their service and sacrifice to our community. HONORING SHIRLEY DOBSON HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize and honor Mrs. Shirley Dobson on her 25 years of service as the chair of the National Day of Prayer Task Force. With the focus being to mobilize prayer and to encour-age personal repentance and righteousness in the culture of the United States of America, the National Day of Prayer includes over 40,000 prayer gatherings in all 50 states. Mil-lions of people across the nation participate at courthouses, city halls, community centers and at the U.S. Capitol Complex in Washington, D.C. The National Day of Prayer is an annual ob-servance that occurs on the first Thursday in May and people of all faiths are asked to pray for the nation. The National Day of Prayer dates back to 1952 when a joint resolution was passed by both the House and the Sen-ate. Shirley Dobson has worked diligently along with so many others over the last 25 years to bring the nation together around prayer. In ad-dition to her leadership with the National Day of Prayer Task Force, Mrs. Dobson is nation-ally recognized for her many contributions to women’s affairs, Christian Organizations, and the institution of the family. Shirley Dobson has been invited to the White House by many Presidents over the past 30 years and has been recognized by nu-merous national organizations that are fo-cused on faith, family and spreading God’s word to the world. Mrs. Dobson is also an author. She and Gloria Gaither have co-authored a four-book series for families. The books are focused squarely on faith and the family and how those two should always go hand-in-hand. Shirley and her daughter also wrote a book to-gether titled, Welcome to Our Table. Shirley Dobson is the wife of psychologist and author, Dr. James Dobson, founder of Family Talk. She and her husband reside in Colorado Springs, Colorado and have two grown children, Danae and Ryan. They also are proud grandparents of two grandchildren. It is my privilege to honor such a fine per-son as Shirley Dobson and to recognize her contributions to faith and family in America and especially her tremendous work with the National Day of Prayer. 
f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY OF AURORA, COLORADO 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 29, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate my hometown of Aurora, Colorado on its 125th birthday. Aurora has been a center of rich history throughout its 125 years as a city. In the year 1866, on the heels of the gold rush, a man named Thomas Gully and his family decided to settle into a quiet ranching and farming life in what is now the city center of Aurora. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.054 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE644 April 29, 2016 
Less than 30 years later, thirty-six Aurorans voted to incorporate Aurora, then known as Fletcher, and it was officially formed on April 30, 1891. Throughout the years, Aurora has transformed from the Gully’s quiet ranching and farming community to the bustling urban metropolis we see today. From humble beginnings, Aurora has grown to be the 3rd largest city in Colorado with a rich and ethnically diverse population. Aurora continues to thrive and grow, with a number of new construction and redevelop-ment projects already in motion. New busi-nesses and residences, revitalized community centers, and even new light rail expansion all mark the 125th anniversary of the city of Au-rora. Even in the face of this advancement, the Gully House, believed to be the oldest struc-ture in Aurora, still stands as a symbol of our humble past and a reminder of the progress we have made together as a city. So, in recognition of our past, present, and future, Happy Birthday, Aurora, and I look for-ward to celebrating many more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AP8.058 E29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D454 Friday, April 29, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 2 p.m., on Monday, May 2, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 42 pub-lic bills; H.R. 5122–5163; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 712–717 were introduced.
                 Pages H2148–50 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2151–52 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reau-thorization Act: The House passed H.R. 4901, to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Act, by a recorded vote of 224 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 179.
                                          Pages H2115–28 
Rejected the Ted Lieu (CA) motion to recommit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea- and-nay vote of 167 yeas to 228 nays, Roll No. 178. 
                                                                                    Pages H2126–27 
H. Res. 706, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4901) and the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) was agreed to yesterday, April 28th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, May 3rd.
                        Page H2128 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission—Appointment: The Chair an-nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Com-mission for a term expiring on December 3, 2017: Mr. Daniel M. Slane of Ohio.
                             Page H2132 
Board of Visitors Resignation: Read a letter from Representative Israel wherein he resigned from the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy.                                                                       Page H2146 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H2136. Senate Referrals: S. 1875 was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. S. 2845 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. S. 1635 was held at the desk.
                                                                         Pages H2146–47 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2127, H2127–28. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:27 p.m. Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 3 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power held a hearing on H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016’’ and the ‘‘Nuclear Utilization of Keynote En-ergy Policies Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE PET MEDICATION INDUSTRY: ISSUES AND PERSPECTIVES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Pet Medication Industry: Issues and Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from Tara 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP6.REC D29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D455 April 29, 2016 
Koslov, Deputy Director, Office of Policy Planning, Federal Trade Commission; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a markup on H.R. 353, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Hearing Health Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3471, the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3974, the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive: Physician As-sistant Employment and Education Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3989, the ‘‘Support Our Military Caregivers Act’’; H.R. 4977, the ‘‘VA Scheduling Account-ability Act’’; H.R. 2460, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; and H.R. 3956, the ‘‘VA Health Center Management Stability and Im-provement Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 353, H.R. 3471, H.R. 3974, H.R. 3989, and H.R. 4977. H.R. 2460 and H.R. 3956 were ordered reported, without amend-ment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 5077, the ‘‘Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. H.R. 5077 was ordered reported, without amend-ment. A motion to grant access to Members of the House to review the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions and the classified Annex to the Committee’s report passed. This markup was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, MAY 2, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AP6.REC D29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD456 April 29, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, May 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 3 p.m., Tuesday, May 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 3 p.m. 
Extension of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E641, E643 Barr, Andy, Ky., E640 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E631, E633 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E641 Capps, Lois, Calif., E630 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E635, E643 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E632, E633, E634, E636, E637, E638, E639, E640, E641, E642 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E633 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E631 Farr, Sam, Calif., E630, E631, E632 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E632 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E640 Green, Gene, Tex., E627 Himes, James A., Conn., E629 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E637 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E629 Hurd, Will, Tex., E628 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E638 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E638 Keating, William R., Mass., E642 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E629 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E633, E635, E636, E637, E639, E643 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E630 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E630, E633 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E627 McGovern, James P., Mass., E635 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E627 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E642 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E629 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E636 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E641 Price, David E., N.C., E628 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E632 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E637 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E628 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E628 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E636 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E631, E634, E635 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E637 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E634, E643 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E642 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E639 Westmoreland, Lynn A., Ga., E640 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E639 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E627 Young, David, Iowa, E631, E632, E634, E642 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Apr 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29AP6.REC D29APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST