Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1639 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 2016 No. 56 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
OLLY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 13, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
AVID W. J
OLLY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-day, I introduced the Information Technology Modernization Act, a bill that will make our government more transparent, more efficient, more re-sponsive, and more secure. Dangerously, many Federal Govern-ment agencies, as we have seen, rely on technology systems that are decades old and hinder digital interagency col-laboration. As a result, government services are less efficient than they could be, and Americans’ personal data is put at higher risk every year that goes by without critical system up-grades. This was the experience for al-most 2 million employees of our Fed-eral Government. I am partnering with the White House and U.S. Chief Information Offi-cer Tony Scott to propose a new way to invest in upgrading the government technology infrastructure that serves the American people and this institu-tion. My bill authorizes a one-time invest-ment of $3 billion into a revolving fund that will be overseen by an inde-pendent review board. The fund will in-vest in large-scale, rapid systems up-grades deemed to be in the greatest need and that would provide the great-est impact on serving the American people. Once an upgrade is completed, the re-ceiving agency will then begin paying back the fund over time, using the sav-ings achieved from greater efficiency. In such a way, this one-time invest-ment of $3 billion will support at least a minimum of $12 billion—that is 400 percent more—worth of upgrades in the first 10 years alone, after which it would continue to fund upgrades into the future. This is a novel approach for govern-ment, though it has been employed successfully in the private sector, where it has a proven track record. Tony Scott himself, Mr. Speaker, im-plemented a similar program when he was the chief information officer at Microsoft, which was successful and re-sulted in significant long-term savings. Additionally, the fund will ensure that upgrades make use of the latest and best practices from Silicon Valley, including shared services, cloud hosting, and agile development. This will enable agencies to create new user-friendly apps and services, and fa-cilitate the sharing of data between agencies to root out fraud and waste. It will promote the use of systems that are secure and prevent cyberattacks. My bill will also ensure transparency by requiring all upgrade projects to provide regular status updates on a publicly available digital dashboard. I want to thank all those who signed on as original sponsors, Mr. Speaker, and I want to say that I had discus-sions last night with Mr. ISSA, the former chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. I think he is going to cosponsor this bill with me, and we want to see this bill be a bipartisan bill. I have also talked to ranking mem-bers on my side of the aisle in each of the relevant committees: Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. R OBIN K
ELLY , and Mr. T EDLIEU, all of whom are excited to support this piece of leg-islation. Again, this is a totally nonpartisan bill looking for government efficiency and safety and transparency for the American people. I hope that my friends on both sides of the aisle who care deeply about making government as effective and transparent as pos-sible, as well as eliminating fraud and inefficiencies, will partner with us by cosponsoring this bill and helping to bring it to the floor as a bipartisan measure overwhelmingly supported by this House. I am proud of the bipartisan work we have done together already to encour-age innovation in the use of technology in Congress, particularly the hackathons I have hosted with Leader M
CCARTHY and his predecessor, Mr. Cantor. Let’s work together. Let me say that again. Let’s work together to expand that effort to the executive branch and make sure that the Federal Govern-ment can and is serving the American people effectively and transparently. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.000 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1640 April 13, 2016 
HONORING FLORIDA HEROINES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the many generations of women who have shaped our Nation and thank them for their invaluable contributions. As the first Hispanic woman elected to Congress, I am grateful and inspired by their legacy. These women have in-fluenced public policies, built institu-tions, and contributed to a stronger economy. Without their contributions, our society would be less lively, our culture more impoverished, and peace would be less stable. We need to respect their great achievements by continuing the job. I share the hopes and aspirations of all women across America who wish to make the lives of our daughters, sis-ters, aunts, and mothers more equi-table. I have always been committed and dedicated to advancing the role of women in our society, and I work to-ward policies that would assist them and their families. That is why I have joined the bipartisan Congressional Women’s Caucus and have supported extensive legislation and programs fighting domestic violence and wom-en’s access to a quality education. Today I would like to pay tribute to some of the more energetic champions of women’s rights from my area of south Florida: Roxcy O’Neal Bolton, Helen Aguirre Ferre, Julia Tuttle, Mar-jory Stoneman Douglas, and Judge Bertila Soto. Roxcy Bolton has had an impressive career by advocating for equal rights in the workplace and also by creating the first rape treatment center in the country, located in my hometown of Miami. She also founded Women in Distress, the first women’s rescue cen-ter in Florida. Roxcy has received nu-merous accolades and is an iconic and loved figure in our community. Congratulations, Roxcy. Helen Aguirre Ferre is another pio-neer. She is an award-winning jour-nalist and communications consultant who was recently inducted into the Florida Women’s Hall of Fame. As the chair of the Board of Trustees of Miami Dade College—my alma mater—Helen is committed to promoting education and establishing policies that would help students across our community. Congratulations, Helen. Julia Tuttle, known as the mother of Miami, made history as the only fe-male founder of a major U.S. city when she helped establish the city of Miami many years ago. Julia’s vision and per-severance have long been traits that south Floridians have worked to carry on since the founding of our great city of Miami. Tuttle’s mantel of leadership is heavy, but it has been carried on by so many others. Marjory Stoneman Douglas made an-other kind of south Florida history when she worked tirelessly to save her beloved Everglades. Her iconic book, ‘‘The Everglades: River of Grass,’’ helped awaken so many to the need of preserving this one-of-a-kind ecological wonder and led the fight to establish the Everglades National Park. Judge Bertila Soto is a modern-day heroine. She is a fellow graduate of my alma maters, Florida International University and the University of Miami. She was named chief judge of Florida’s 11th Judicial Circuit. Bertila is both the first Cuban Amer-ican and the first woman to helm the largest judicial circuit in the State. Her energy and understanding of com-plex legal issues have driven her to suc-cess. Every day that Judge Soto is hard at work, she is not only living, but making south Florida history. Congratulations to Bertila. I also want to honor our female pi-lots of World War II, the Women Airforce Service Pilots, also known as the WASPS. They were responsible for removing the barriers for women in the military today. And I know this be-cause my daughter-in-law, Lindsay, was afforded the opportunity to join the Marine Corps and fly combat mis-sions both in Iraq and Afghanistan thanks to these women pioneers. South Florida has been home to some of these remarkable heroines like Ruth Shafer Fleisher, Shirley Kruse, and Bee Haydu, as well as Frances Rohrer Sar-gent and Helen Wyatt Snapp, who have passed away. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to recog-nize all of these outstanding women, past and present. May these role mod-els continue to remind girls and young women that nothing can hold them back from realizing their dreams. 
f 
HEROIN AND OPIOID OVERDOSES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, the chart that is being set up next to me here depicts graphically one of the most sickening trends in terms of an increasing cause of death in the United States, which is heroin and opioid overdoses. On the top, the map shows data from 2004 from the Centers for Disease Con-trol, when 7,500 Americans lost their lives to overdose deaths. In 2014, that number has grown to 27,000. The red shaded area is high-intensity areas of death of up to 20 per 100,000 in the population. The blue is 10 or less. And in 2014, as you can see, the red is slowly but inexorably taking over the entire country. This is a crisis which, again, affects every part of our country, whether it is rural, suburban, or urban. It affects Re-publican districts. It affects Demo-cratic districts. And it is time for our Nation to recognize that this needs to be treated the same way we would any natural disaster or public health emer-gency in the country. In 2016, we know these numbers are, in fact, going to get worse. The Office of Chief Medical Examiner in the State of Connecticut released their 2015 numbers a few weeks ago, and the number grew in the State of Connecticut by 20 percent, to 723 deaths in 2015. Just this morning in the local press in southeastern Connecticut, a 25-year- old was found dead in a motor vehicle on Route 12 outside the Groton Navy Base, and a young man, an 18-year-old, was found dead in Norwich just a cou-ple of days ago. It is time for us to listen to the folks who are on the front lines—the police officers, the addiction counselors, and the folks that are dealing with this program bringing people to life with Narcan—and understand that we need a new approach to solving this incredibly dangerous crisis for our Nation. The good news is that the Senate, a couple of weeks ago, passed the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act 94–1. It is a good bill. It makes some smart changes in terms of the overpre-scribing of painkillers. It deals with the disposal of the proliferation of painkillers that is far too great in the Nation today. It also talks about changing protocols in the FDA, HHS, DOD, VA, all of the agencies of the Federal Government that deal with folks suffering from pain. Unfortu-nately, though, the bill does not con-tain a single penny of emergency as-sistance which the police departments across the country, the addiction coun-selors across the country are begging for. In the House, there is a bill, H.R. 4473, which does provide emergency supplemental appropriations this year to try and get resources so that folks who are dealing with this crisis and families that are dealing with this cri-sis are actually going to get real help. And this bill has been endorsed by 21 organizations, from the Fraternal Order of Police, the police and the cops and the firefighters who are out there saving people’s lives right now with Narcan, and also the addiction coun-selors who, again, do not have adequate detox facilities and beds to deal with the carnage that is happening all across this country. The Republican majority leader an-nounced last week that in May, the House will take up the Senate bill. I wish it was this month. I wish we could move with the urgency of a natural dis-aster like a fire or hurricane or tor-nado striking parts of our country that causes devastation much less than what these maps depict. However, the fact that there is going to be some movement is some sign of hope. b1015 But it is important to remember it is not enough to just pass authorizing language that is about trying to change policy without funding, because the folks who are dealing with this problem, who are watching us like a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.003 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1641 April 13, 2016 
hawk because they are dealing with this problem, like that young man who was found dead last night, understand that resources are needed, just like in any other natural disaster or public health emergency facing this country. Again, we need to turn this map around. We need to change this so that, again, the devastation that is being caused in families of middle class, upper class, lower income families across the country is going to stop. There are real-life solutions that the folks who are at the front lines are pre-pared to move forward. They are on standby. What they are waiting for is this Congress to move forward with the real resources that we would deal with as a great Nation in terms of any other epidemic or any other massive public health or health emergency in this Na-tion. We need to include H.R. 4473. We need to listen to the 21 organizations that deal with this problem all across Amer-ica so that we get real help out on the streets of America and not just give lip service to solving this critical problem. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF CAPTAIN JAMES T. DEAN, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the memory of Captain James T. Dean, Jr., an Army veteran from the Vietnam war. Jim was born in Louisville, Ken-tucky, in 1944. In 1962, he joined the Army and graduated from Officer Can-didate School at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. He served in Korea with a Sergeant missile unit before being deployed to a beautiful place during an ugly time. He served in Vietnam from January 1968 to September 1969, serving with the 2nd Battalion, 40th Field Artillery, of the 199th Light Infantry Brigade. A proud redleg, Jim received the Bronze Star with ‘‘V’’ device for her-oism in ground combat, the Bronze Star with two oak leaf clusters for meritorious achievement in ground op-erations against hostile forces, the Purple Heart for wounds received in ac-tion, along with numerous other awards and decorations for his service. Following his service, Jim and his wife, Carla, moved to Naples, Florida, where he started several businesses be-fore returning to his true passion, hor-ticulture. Jim worked for the city of Naples as the assistant parks and parkway super-visor. He was proud to have played a significant role in the Naples-scape project to beautify the city. He was a civic leader, serving on the board of the Greater Naples Better Government Committee as well as the Marco Island Kiwanis. He was an or-dained elder within the Presbyterian Church, and he and Carla were mem-bers of the Collier County Republican Executive Committee. Jim also battled bladder cancer and, with Carla and other friends, formed the Bladder Cancer Foundation of Flor-ida to raise awareness. Sadly, Jim succumbed to bladder cancer and passed away last month, on March 23. His name will not appear on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial wall; however, make no mistake about it, like too many other survivors, Jim was a casualty of the war due to his expo-sure to Agent Orange. Recently, the National Institute of Medicine forwarded to the VA that ‘‘there is limited or suggestive evi-dence of an association between chemi-cals of interest and bladder cancer.’’ Adding bladder cancer to the list of medical conditions that qualify vet-erans for a presumption of exposure to Agent Orange would allow veterans easier access to critical healthcare benefits. Unfortunately, it is too late for Jim, but many Vietnam veterans continue to suffer from this disease. I call on VA Secretary McDonald to approve this designation so our Vietnam war vet-erans can receive the help that they have so solemnly earned. I know I speak on behalf of the entire Congress and a grateful Nation to ex-press our deepest condolences to his widow, Carla; daughter, Michelle; and his many friends and loved ones. I pray for God’s mercies upon them as they cope with their pain. 
f 
BUDGET CUTS AT THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this week in 2 days is April 15, the day that our income taxes are due. We have seen that day difficult enough under the best of circumstances, be made even more difficult, purposely, for mil-lions of Americans. My Republican friends have decided to take out their differences with the IRS, their opposi-tion to taxation, by deliberately tor-turing the American taxpayer. Ours is the largest tax system in the world that relies primarily on volun-teer compliance. Each 1 percent where people decide not to comply costs the Treasury $30 billion. Now, most, in fact, do comply, but an ever-increas-ingly complex tax system makes com-pliance difficult. It should be noted that it is not the IRS that makes the Tax Code com-plicated; it is Congress that is con-stantly changing that Code. Sometimes it is so late in meeting its obligations with tax changes that the Service doesn’t even have time to print the forms on time. In order to help citizens with Con-gress’ complex tax system, the Internal Revenue Service runs the largest con-sumer service operation in the world. Last year, it was a disaster. Well, this process has been deliberately sabo-taged by the Republican approach to the agency budget. It has 30,000 fewer employees than it had in 1992, down 13,000 from 2010, despite the fact that the Code gets more complex and there are more people filing returns every year. Congress should have been a con-structive partner in streamlining, mod-ernization, with new computers, but the IRS budget prevents it from mod-ernizing information technology. It still uses applications that were run-ning in the early 1960s. And you cannot completely computerize the simple task of answering phone calls and talk-ing to taxpayers. When you visit the IRS offices, as I have, you find employees who are sad and angry that they are unable to meet the needs of the taxpayers. They don’t like getting somebody who has been on hold for 20 or 30 minutes and then not having the time to work with them to answer their questions. It frustrates the taxpayer, and it breaks the heart of our employees. Now, it is no secret that some people forget or cheat on their taxes, but Con-gress has not equipped the IRS to do the audits necessary to actually collect the money that is due. This year, when we have a big deficit, there will be $300 to $400 billion of taxes that are due and owing but won’t be paid. Yet Congress is deliberately trying to make it worse. They have 12,000 fewer enforcement staff, a reduction of 23 percent, and I am going back to a Ways and Means Committee where one of the proposals would cut that budget another $500 million. It is not fair to the taxpayer, it is not fair to our employees, and it makes it hard to fund the needs of our Nation. People talk around here about run-ning government like a business. What business undercuts, underfunds, and slashes its accounts receivable depart-ment? They may think it is good poli-tics to make the taxpayer experience as miserable as possible, but it is ulti-mately bad judgment, poor politics, and a disservice to the American peo-ple as we undercut the ability to fund essential government services. Many of my Republican colleagues have been looking for scandal within the IRS. Whatever problems they un-cover or imagine, the real scandal is how they are treating the American public and the people who work for them at the vital service of the Inter-nal Revenue Service. 
f 
GREEK INDEPENDENCE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). The Chair recog-nizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 195th anniver-sary of Greek independence. Citizens of Greece have always been a proud people in body, mind, and spirit. From Pericles, Greek statesman and general, dubbed ‘‘the first citizen of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.004 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1642 April 13, 2016 
Athens’’; to Plato, who laid a ground-work in philosophy so vast that the en-tirety of European philosophical tradi-tion is said to simply be a footnote to his work; to Count Ioannis Kapodistrias, the first head of state of an independent Greece, Greeks have been exceptional and continue to be ex-ceptional, Mr. Speaker. I am almost certain that Thomas Jef-ferson cast an eye across the Atlantic towards Greece when he uttered these words in 1821: ‘‘The flames kindled on the Fourth of July 1776 have spread over too much of the globe to be extin-guished by the feeble engines of des-potism. On the contrary, they will con-sume these engines and all who work them.’’ I am blessed to be of two cultures, Mr. Speaker, that have been beacons of liberty for all of civilization: the place of my birth, the land of the free and the home of the brave, the United States of America; and the land of my ancestors, the birthplace of democracy, the Hellenic Republic. Many Greeks fought for years, hold-ing on to their heritage, their culture, their faith. Bishop Germanos of Patras raised the emblem of freedom for Hel-lenes, the flag bearing a white cross and nine blue and white stripes rep-resenting the nine letters, ‘‘Eleftheria,’’ which means freedom. Eight years of bloodshed and battle led to the Treaty of Adrianople, the formal declaration of a free and inde-pendent Greece. Greece was the world’s first advanced civilization, one that provided a cul-tural heritage that has influenced the world. Firsts in philosophy, mathe-matics, politics, sports, and art all stemmed from a free Greece. Liberty and justice, freedom to deter-mine the path of one’s own life, these are human desires and were embodied by Greece throughout their fight for independence. Those unyielding Hel-lenes paid life and limb for those de-sires, and generations of Greeks for decades to come owe their ancestors thanks. As George Washington once said: ‘‘Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.’’ This held true in Greece in 1821, as it did in America in 1776. ‘‘Freedom or Death,’’ Eleftheria i thanatos, was the battle cry of the rev-olutionaries nearly 200 years ago. It rings true today. Freedom is a powerful and beautiful notion. The Greek people achieved that for themselves 195 years ago, and I am proud to celebrate in memory of those who fought bravely to shed the shack-les of the Ottoman Empire. Greece has its own unique challenges today but, also, a history of resilience and ability to climb its way out of tur-moil. As centuries-long allies, we must continue to creatively come up with solutions to help Greece control the flow of refugees arriving on its shores. I am encouraged by the growing co-operation and collaboration that our closest allies in the Eastern Mediterra-nean are proving this year. The tri-lateral agreements between Greece, Cyprus, and Israel are a refreshing re-minder that we stand united with our allies in the fight for security, sta-bility, and prosperity in a volatile re-gion. We celebrate Greek independence to reaffirm the common democratic herit-age we share, and, as Americans, we must continue to pursue this spirit of freedom and liberty which character-izes both of our great nations. Zito I Ellas. God bless America. 
f 
b1030 CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, this morn-ing I intend to comment on middle class budgets. But, before that, Mr. Speaker, I would like to just very brief-ly reflect on a trip I just took to visit with our troops in the Middle East, in Iraq and elsewhere. I have been to Iraq about 10 times. I think one of the fundamental respon-sibilities we have, as Members of Con-gress on both sides of the aisle, is not just to talk about supporting our troops, but to go into the theater, visit with them, and learn firsthand the challenges they face. Every time I visit with our troops, when I come back, I think the same thing: that we are so blessed to live in a country that gives us the right to agree with the decision to put people in harm’s way, we have the right to dis-agree with that decision, and we have the right to remain silent, but no American has the right to forget even for a day the sacrifices that those men and women are making for us every single day. We owe them our support and our awareness for the work that they do and, more importantly, supporting their families who are here and sup-porting our troops when they return as veterans. Mr. Speaker, Friday, April 15, is a day of two deadlines. That is the dead-line most Americans know by which they must pay their Federal income taxes. Everybody understands that deadline, and Americans don’t have a choice but to comply with that dead-line. The other deadline is that that is the day by which Congress must pass a budget, and it is up to the Republican majority to produce that budget and bring that budget to the floor for a vote. Unfortunately, the Republican ma-jority will miss that deadline and fail the American people in our funda-mental responsibility to earn our pay by passing budgets. That is what we are put here to do: to debate priorities and pass budgets; yet, this deadline will be missed. Failing to pass a budget by the deadline is a fun-damental failure to the American peo-ple. I will say, however, that, in this case, a missed budget may be a little better than the bad budget that Republicans have originally proposed. It is a budget that fundamentally fails the middle class. It is a budget, as proposed, that gets rid of the Medicare guarantee. It is a budget, as proposed, that slashes $6.5 trillion in fundamentally important priorities to the middle class in mak-ing sure that their kids are well edu-cated, making sure that we are rebuild-ing America with infrastructure and trying to reduce traffic jams, rebuild-ing our bridges and our tunnels, and modernizing our airports. It is a budget that undermines the middle class. It is a budget that fails the middle class. Now, I understand the need for us to reduce spending, and I have supported significant reductions in spending in my time in Congress. But what this budget does is it takes away from the middle class in order to further enrich the most powerful: the special interests. That is why people are so angry out there. They understand that Wash-ington has to do more with less, but not give more to people who already have the most. That is what the Republican budget does. That is the architecture of spend-ing tax dollars that must be paid by April 15. You take away from the middle class and you give more to people who are doing pretty well already, people who are doing so well that they can hire all sorts of friends to do their work here in Washington and maybe even contribute to some super-PACs. I think that is wrong. People are angry because not only are our priorities wrong, but they see very little evidence of a Congress, under Republican leadership in the Senate and the House, that is doing its job. They are angry because the Repub-lican Senate won’t even debate and vote on a Supreme Court nomination. You can vote for it. You can vote against it. They won’t even vote on that nomination. That is a failure to do the job that they are paid to do. They are angry be-cause the majority here in the House of Representatives won’t do their job and pass a budget. As I said before, Mr. Speaker, maybe no budget is better than a bad budget, but both represent failure for the American people. The Pew Research Center did a study just several weeks ago that said that, for the first time since the Depression, to be in the middle class in America is to be in the minority. About 49 percent of Americans are in the middle class. The rest are either richer or poorer. An economy grows best when the middle class is strongest. We need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.006 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1643 April 13, 2016 
fulfill our responsibility to that middle class by doing what they will pay us to do on April 15: just do our jobs and pass a budget that invests in their growth, in their families, in their children, and, as I opened, invests in our troops, our national security, and makes sure that every veteran in America is taken care of. Those are the priorities we have in our budgets. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 34 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Stephen Thomlison, St. Stephen’s Catholic Church, Exeter, Ne-braska, offered the following prayer: Good and gracious God, we come be-fore You filled with gratitude for the many blessings You have bestowed upon us. Humbly, we ask for Your for-giveness for when we have chosen the wrong path. We beseech Your mercy, O Lord, upon our Nation. Rain down from heav-en Your holy fire—not a fire of wrath or destruction, but a fire of love, a fire of mercy, and a fire of wisdom so that we may love as You love. Pour into this Chamber today a spir-it of civility, a freshness of renewal, and a bountiful grace of new ideas. Bless these legislators, their fami-lies, their staff, and abundantly bless all those they represent. May the work of this Chamber be guided by Your di-vine hand. Hear us, O Lord, for I ask this in the name and through the merits of Jesus Christ, Thy Son and our Savior. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from California (Ms. H
AHN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. HAHN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f WELCOMING REVEREND STEPHEN THOMLISON The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to welcome Father Steve Thomlison, and thank him for serving as our guest chaplain today. Father Thomlison serves as chaplain for both the Nebraska Army National Guard and the Nebraska State Patrol, actually, as well as the FBI, providing support to hundreds of our servicemen and -women, first responders, law en-forcement, and their families. Ordained in the Catholic Diocese of Lincoln, Father Thomlison pastors the parish of St. Stephen’s Church in Exe-ter, Nebraska, and the mission parish of St. Wenceslaus Church in Milligan, Nebraska. He did not enter the priesthood right away, but by his mid-thirties, a rest-less heart and a renewed focus on pray-er led him to the seminary. He was or-dained a priest at age 41. It is also important to note Father Thomlison is a proud Cornhusker, hav-ing attended the University of Ne-braska-Lincoln. It is my honor to welcome Father Thomlison to the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 further requests for 1- minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
BALD EAGLE AREA SCHOOL DIS-TRICT WINS NUTRITION HABIT CHALLENGE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend several school districts in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District for their work in helping promote healthy life-styles for their students, staff, and residents. In 2015, more than 2,200 people par-ticipated in the Nutrition Habit Chal-lenge, which was established 3 years ago by One on One Fitness, a local fit-ness consulting company, in order to inspire people across the county to make better choices for their diet and exercise habits. Each year, the winning school dis-trict is picked based on the number of successful participants divided by the district’s total number of students. Those who participate must commit to changing a nutritional behavior over the course of 1 month. This year, the Bald Eagle Area School District, my alma mater, won $500 through the competition. District officials say families participating in the challenge cut soda from their diets and increased consumption of water, while others packed salad for lunch in-stead of opting for fast food. I commend the students, the staff, and residents of all Centre County’s school districts for participating in this unique challenge. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF BILL ROSENDAHL (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of my dear friend and former Los Angeles City Council-man Bill Rosendahl, who lost his battle with cancer on March 30. In 2005, Bill became the first openly gay man to be elected to the Los Ange-les City Council. I remember how brave he was in the face of adversity. He be-came a fearless supporter of the Los Angeles LGBT community, and he left behind a legacy of fighting for HIV and AIDS research and an end to discrimi-nation. Bill was one of the most selfless and kindhearted individuals I have ever known. That heart made him an in-credible advocate and a beloved cham-pion for the people he represented. I visited Bill recently in hospice and had a chance to hold his hand and tell him stories about when we served to-gether on the city council in Los Ange-les. I will never forget his joyfulness, his gregarious laugh that never failed to put a smile on my face. I have cher-ished his friendship, and I will miss him dearly. May he rest in peace. 
f 
MAIN STREET JOBS AND OPPORTUNITY ACT (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, talk to any small-business owner, and they will tell you how challenging it is to operate in this environment: heavy-handed regulations, confusing paper-work requirements, a complex and un-fair Tax Code. I hear it all the time as I travel Michigan’s Seventh District, hold listening sessions, and tour local shops and manufacturing facilities. That is why I am introducing the Main Street Jobs and Opportunity Act. To grow a healthy economy, we need to foster policies that help small busi-nesses do what they do best: bring their products to market and hire new work-ers in the community. It is time for Big Government to stop squeezing the small family farmer in Jackson County, the local diner in Eaton County, and the manufacturer in Monroe County. Instead of building up Washington or Wall Street, let’s focus on helping Main Street. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.007 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1644 April 13, 2016 
HONORING THE 65TH INFANTRY REGIMENT (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of the 65th Infantry Regiment, a segregated Puerto Rican unit known as the Borinqueneers. The regiment was created in 1917, and it remained segregated throughout World Wars I and II and most of the Korean war, even after President Tru-man ordered the desegregation of the Armed Forces. These soldiers sacrificed everything for a country that had not yet embraced the rights of Hispanic Americans—a shame for our country, but a show of incredible loyalty and service by those who served. Today, the House and Senate leaders will present a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of the 65th Infantry Regiment. In attendance will be Cas Rodriguez, Sr., chairman of the His-panic Heritage Council of Western New York. I thank Cas and the others who worked so hard to make sure that Americans will never forget the service of the 65th Infantry Regiment. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO DO ITS JOB AND PASS A BUDGET (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, by law, Congress must enact a budget resolu-tion by April 15. That is Friday. Yet, after months of promising to return to so-called regular order, Speaker R
YAN has failed to bring a budget to the floor of this House for us to act upon. I don’t know about you, but my con-stituents, the people I work for, are tired of a do-nothing Congress. The Republican majority has failed to pass a budget resolution. We need a resolution that supports working fami-lies, a budget that supports growing the economy in this country. But in-stead of that, the Republicans have de-cided not to pass a budget at all. Under this Republican majority, rather than working with those of us on this side of the aisle and finding some common ground around a budget resolution, the majority has been held hostage to the most extreme voices within their conference—the Tea Party members. And because they want to cut Medicare, change it in ways that I think would be destructive to our econ-omy, they can’t bring a budget to the floor of the House of Representatives. We need to do our job. 
f 
LEAD CONTAMINATION IN GALESBURG, ILLINOIS (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I stand here as a Member of Congress; but years before that, I was a mother and a grandmother, and I still am. It is from all of these perspectives that I am deeply disturbed by recent tests in Galesburg, Illinois, that show a high contamination of lead. Even more alarming is that 5 percent of our chil-dren tested have elevated levels in their small bodies. If this happened to one of my kids, I can tell you I would ask for immediate answers and immediate action; and these families and these children de-serve no less. Last Friday, I met with Galesburg city officials, and I urged them to apply for the low-interest Federal loans to replace the lead pipes that go to 4,700 homes in Galesburg. In addi-tion to that, I support legislation that would call for improved reporting, test-ing, and monitoring of lead levels. As a Congresswoman, as a mom, as a grandma, I say to all responsible here: It is time. It is past time. No more ex-cuses. No more delays. We need a long- term solution to a long-term problem. f 
CONGRATULATING UNIVERSITY OF NORTH DAKOTA MEN’S HOCKEY TEAM ON EIGHTH NCAA CHAM-PIONSHIP WIN (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, the Uni-versity of North Dakota is the State’s largest and oldest university, with nearly 15,000 students, 225 fields of study, 3,000 courses, and 84 graduate education programs. UND has a reputa-tion for research and scholarship in the health sciences, in energy and the envi-ronment, in aerospace and entrepre-neurship—oh, yeah, and in hockey. In fact, Mr. Speaker, last Saturday, in Tampa, Florida, the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team won its eighth NCAA Championship by de-feating Quinnipiac five goals to one. UND hockey is legendary in the NCAA, with 22 Frozen Four appearances to go along with their eight national cham-pionships. Congratulations to Coach Brad Berry, to President Ed Schafer, the en-tire team—outstanding team—of stu-dent athletes and, of course, the incom-ing president and former Member of the House of Representatives, Mark Kennedy—for whom my advice would be, ‘‘Don’t screw this thing up’’—and the entire UND family on their latest accomplishments. Thank you for a great season and for your tremendous example of excel-lence. As you raise another NCAA championship trophy, you also raise the bar for all of those who follow. That is a really good thing. 
f 
TEAM 26’S FOURTH ANNUAL RIDE ON WASHINGTON (Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Team 26, some of whom are here in the gallery with us today, for their courageous efforts to continue the call for this House and this body to take responsible action to end the scourge of gun violence in this country. This courageous group of riders, 26 men and women, mothers and fathers, high school students and veterans, rode to Washington to renew the call for all victims of gun violence. This is their fourth year. This year, they bring with them peti-tions signed by nearly 40,000 Americans demanding that we in Congress do our job by ensuring that all our students are safe and that we allow our college campuses to be gun-free zones. It is my privilege to present this petition to the entire House and to thank Team 26 for their courageous efforts and for their relentless efforts to make sure that we in Congress do our job. Team 26 rides to bring a message of hope and peace and love. It is time for this House to respond to their call for action with action of our own. f 
b1215 RECOGNIZING VETERANS LEGAL INSTITUTE (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Veterans Legal Institute, an or-ganization that resides right in the middle of my district serving our vet-erans in Orange County, California, since 2014. It is a nonprofit organization and provides pro bono legal assistance to our veterans on a myriad of issues, for example, on some of the education issues going on using their GI Bill and housing—because we have so many of our veterans, as you know, that are homeless—with respect to health care, getting into those VA hospitals and to the agencies, and, of course, with re-spect to employment. The organization’s ongoing efforts have become an important factor in helping us to bring veterans along and to ensure that they are an integral part of our community. Veterans Legal Institute is com-mitted to providing our everyday he-roes with the resources and the support that they deserve, and I believe that we must do our part by supporting organi-zations such as Veterans Legal Insti-tute so that they can effectively serve this community. 
f 
HAWAII STATE TEACHER OF THE YEAR (Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize a woman of extraordinary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.010 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1645 April 13, 2016 
talent and devotion, Stephanie Mew, the Hawaii State Teacher of the Year. Stephanie is currently an elementary school teacher at Kapunahala Elemen-tary School, but her career has taken her all across the globe to the U.S. mainland, Thailand, Japan, and India. She came to teaching because she was touched by the struggles of at-risk youth and wanted a job in which she could plant seeds for a successful, pro-ductive, and peaceful life. Through her nearly 20 years as a teacher, she has done just that for her countless stu-dents. Her service doesn’t stop there. Steph-anie also volunteers to feed the home-less and sings at a local nursing home for the kupuna residents. Mahalo, Stephanie Mew, for your dedication to such an important occu-pation and for sharing your knowledge and light with your students and col-leagues day in and day out. Congratulations on this most pres-tigious award. I wish you the best of luck in the final selection for National Teacher of the Year. 
f 
WEAR RED WEDNESDAY: BRING BACK OUR GIRLS (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today is Wear Something Red Wednes-day to bring back our girls. This week marks the second anniver-sary of the April 14, 2014, kidnapping of the Nigerian Chibok schoolgirls, 730 days. This week and next, Members of Con-gress will join us in commemorating the tragic event that captured the world’s attention and calling for in-creased action to defeat Boko Haram, the world’s deadliest terrorist organi-zation. Members of Congress—Republicans and Democrats, men and women—have all galvanized behind this cause. House leadership, including House Minority Leader N
ANCY PELOSI and Conference Chair C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS , have joined us in wearing something red on Wednesday to bring attention to this cause. I urge my colleagues and everyone to continue to lend their voices to this cause and join us. We should never for-get. We must never forget the Nigerian Chibok girls. For almost 2 years we have tweeted to raise awareness to this issue in Con-gress, and we will continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. Tweet every day. Tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. 
f 
THE BUDGET RESOLUTION (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, households across America have budgets. People sit around the kitchen table trying to make the hard choices, figuring out should they send their kid to summer camp, can they afford to go out to din-ner more often, can they afford a fam-ily trip. Businesses have budgets. I was in the private sector before I came here, and we had to have those tough discussions and discuss where we were going to re-invest and where we were going to cut. But, apparently, for the Republicans, they say that our country shouldn’t have a budget. The time is running short in which the Republicans can present and pass a budget for the United States of America. Shouldn’t America have a budget just as it has had in the past, just as families across our country have, and just as businesses have? What is it that they are trying to hide? Can they not make the numbers match without privatizing Social Secu-rity and Medicare? Are they trying to hide huge tax increases for the middle class? We will never know unless the public pressure is so great that the Repub-licans feel that they have to present a responsible budget before our body. I hope we see it soon. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 13, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 13, 2016 at 9:20 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2133. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2666, NO RATE REGULA-TION OF BROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 672 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 672 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2666) to pro-hibit the Federal Communications Commis-sion from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill. The committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amend-ment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order ex-cept those printed in the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amend-ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 672 provides for consider-ation of H.R. 2666, the No Rate Regula-tion of Broadband Internet Access Act. The rule provides 1 hour of debate equally divided between the majority and the minority of the Energy and Commerce Committee. The Committee on Rules made in order three amendments that were sub-mitted to the committee, all three of which were submitted by the minority. Finally, the rule affords the minority the customary motion to recommit, a final opportunity to amend the legisla-tion should the minority choose to ex-ercise that option. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.011 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1646 April 13, 2016 
H.R. 2666, the No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act, was in-troduced by Mr. K
INZINGER , a member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, to address the issue of an out-of-control independent agency, the Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC. The bill is targeted and does one thing only. It prohibits the Federal Communications Commission from reg-ulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access. In February of 2015, the Federal Com-munications Commission voted on a party-line vote to adopt rules that re-classify broadband Internet access as a title II telecommunications service, re-versing their previously stated position that they would not reclassify the Internet under title II, and, in fact, afterwards, the President himself interjected into the debate and de-manded that the Commission recon-sider and that they do so. The rules prevent blocking, throt-tling, and paid prioritization of the Internet. This reclassification poses a serious risk for the regulation of rates charged by providers for the delivery of Internet service, a move that has never before been taken by the government. Under the Federal Communications Commission’s unprecedented use of a 100-year-old statute to regulate the Internet under its net neutrality rule, the Commission gave itself the author-ity to regulate the rates that Internet service providers charge to consumers for service. In response to this power grab by the Commission, the Energy and Com-merce Committee held oversight hear-ings. That resulted in the drafting and passage of the legislation before the House this week, which is intended to prevent the Federal Communications Commission from using reclassification of broadband Internet service to engage in rate regulation, whether that be di-rectly through tariffing or indirectly through enforcement actions. Rate regulation—or even the threat of rate regulation—out of the Federal Communications Commission creates massive uncertainty for Internet serv-ice providers. Because of this, Internet service providers could slow or stop al-together the investment and will be less likely to offer specialized or unique pricing offers to their con-sumers. As the Federal Communications Commission consolidates more and more power to regulate the Internet— and make no mistake, the Federal Communications Commission is very eager to regulate the Internet—pro-viders will have fewer and fewer ave-nues for providing consumer service plans and packages. The chairman of the Federal Commu-nications Commission, Tom Wheeler, and President Obama have both stated that net neutrality rules would not re-sult in the FCC regulating rates. Yet, less than a year after the rules were adopted in March of 2016 during an Energy and Commerce hearing, Chairman Wheeler admitted that the FCC should and will have the authority to regulate broadband rates under these new rules. Like all government agencies, the Federal Communications Commission can’t help itself. It sees an unregulated space—the Internet—and it just can’t allow it to go on without government control. Under net neutrality, the Federal Government will have the ability to control the Internet. Let me say that again. Under net neutrality, the Fed-eral Government will have the ability to control the Internet. Even if this current Federal Commu-nications Commission chooses not to regulate the rates charged, the Com-mission’s net neutrality rules permit future FCC commissioners to do ex-actly that. These rules from the Federal Com-munications Commission have the po-tential to cost well north of 43,000 jobs, according to a recent study commis-sioned by the United States Telecom Association. The bill before us this week will take a step toward pro-tecting the Internet industry from those job losses. I urge my colleagues to support to-day’s rule and support the underlying legislation to protect consumers from an out-of-control Federal bureaucracy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have just days be-fore the legally mandated budget dead-line. Yet, instead of debating your budget, Mr. Speaker, my budget, Mr. Speaker, anybody’s budget, Mr. Speak-er, we are debating whether to codify existing FCC policy. There is limited time to provide a budget for our country. Households across our country have budgets, and businesses have budgets. Unless there is an announced change to the schedule in bringing Congress to work on Friday and Saturday and Rules Committee convening today or tomorrow, it seems like Congress will miss the deadline for the budget and perhaps never produce a budget. Now, folks on the other side will say that there have been years Democrats didn’t produce a budget, and that is true. But Republicans ran to take over this body, saying: We are going to do better. We are going to produce a budg-et. Republicans have had the chance, and there is not even a vote on the budget. I am going to offer later in this de-bate a motion to defeat the previous question. If that passes, Mr. Speaker, I will be able to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up the budget resolu-tion. I hope it does. I hope there are enough Democrats and Republicans in this Chamber who are outraged by the failure of the Republican leadership to allow the Republican and Democratic Members of this body to present and vote on their budgets. b1230 We have historically had a very open process around budgets. There is usu-ally five or six budgets that come be-fore the House and we try to get to one that passes. There have been years where I think they have a king of the hill process and whichever one gets the most votes can become the budget. But it looks like, rather than any of those debates or give Members who have thoughtfully been preparing the budgets from the Republican Study Group or from the progressive Demo-cratic coalition the chance to present their budgets, along with the Repub-lican and Democratic members of the Budget Committee, I think the Repub-licans are saying: we don’t want to have those tough decisions about where to cut or where to tax; we would rather just pretend like our country is in good fiscal order and spend the day dis-cussing codifying FCC policy rather than discussing what the American people sent us here to do—how to bal-ance the budget, restore fiscal sta-bility, and pass a budget. There is another missed opportunity here today. When talking about broadband—if that is what we are going to talk about—in districts like mine in Colorado, we have commu-nities that simply don’t have reason-able access to the Internet. I talk to constituents in Evergreen and Conifer in Grand County every day, rapidly growing communities, where people only have access to speeds that were more relevant to the 20th century rath-er than the 21st century. I remember I visited a school in Grand County where the district has an initiative to provide every child with a Chromebook com-puter and the computer science teacher there didn’t even have high-speed ac-cess from his own home. Access to broadband is essential for our economy, particularly our rural economy like those in my district. It is essential for the education of our kids, for a vibrant private sector, for civil society, and democracy. While the FCC and the Department of Commerce have some tools in place, there is not nearly the tools they need or the resources to make our Nation competitive coast to coast by making sure that every Amer-ican has access to broadband. Bills that try to codify regulations certainly have their place. I would argue it is probably not when we are 48 hours from reaching a budget deadline. But I want to make sure that even if we are going to spend time discussing codifying FCC policy, that we have the more important discussion about how we can make sure that broadband ac-cess is available to our rural commu-nities, such as the ones that I rep-resent. Democrats and Republicans largely agree on some of the goals of this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.014 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1647 April 13, 2016 
In fact, I think there is a missed oppor-tunity to have worked on a bipartisan version that likely could have passed on suspension. There are a number of amendments under consideration, and it is my hope that some of the con-sumer protection issues can be ad-dressed through that. But I think the big picture here, Mr. Speaker, is we are just 2 days away from Congress’ own deadline for pass-ing a budget with no budget in sight. If we can defeat the previous question, we can immediately move to consider the budget. I call upon my Republican and Democratic colleagues to do that. As we look at broadband, which I am hopeful that we can do after this dead-line passes—I am happy to revisit this bill if my motion to defeat the previous question passes and we move into the budget debate—I will be happy to re-sume this debate next week. I haven’t seen any particular reason that we have to try to cram in codifying FCC regulations around broadband in the 48 hours before our own budget deadline expires. So let’s get back to talking about the budget. It is never easy. The Repub-licans have certainly talked about how they wanted the country to have a budget. Well, the country is not going to have a budget unless Congress gets to work debating it and passing it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ). Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. I rise to oppose the rule on this legis-lation, not necessarily because this is a bad bill—I do think it is a vague solu-tion in search of a nonexistent prob-lem—but I oppose the rule for another reason, and that is because I thought that since we were going to bring this bill to the floor anyway, even though it is unnecessary, even though Chairman Wheeler of the FCC has said that the FCC does not intend to regulate rates on broadband, I thought maybe I would at least try to accomplish something productive and offer an amendment to solve a real problem that the American people are seeing in front of them every day right now. That is the prob-lem of television ads, political ads, that do not truly identify their source. Under section 317 of the Communica-tions Act of 1934, the FCC requires broadcasters to put on the ad the true identity of the people running the ad. This makes a lot of sense. The idea is that when you see somebody trying to influence your vote or to influence your attitude about a particular public issue, that you should understand who is actually trying to influence you. But because of dramatic changes in the way campaign laws are imple-mented and because of the Citizens United Supreme Court decision, what has happened is that we now have ads run by organizations like Americans for Kittens and Puppies, and that doesn’t do the American voter, the American consumer, any good. They don’t understand who is actually pay-ing. What my amendment would have done, had it been made in order by the Rules Committee, it would have basi-cally restated the law that exists and say the FCC should regulate these ads by requiring the true identity. Right now they are relying on a 1979 staff in-terpretation of true identity. They are saying we need to put the sponsor of the ad on the ad, but the sponsor of the ad, again, is a nebulous, vague, title or-ganization that nobody knows who they are. What we would like to do is say you have to put on the ad who is really paying for it. So instead, for instance, if you had an ad in support of sugared soft drinks and it was being paid for by Coca-Cola, under this interpretation you could put the ad agency that actu-ally put the ad on the air and nobody would know that Coca-Cola was actu-ally paying for it. The people, again, are seeing this every day on their television screens right now. These laws and interpreta-tions have resulted in endless sums of anonymous money coming into the system trying to influence the out-comes of our elections. That is not what Congress intended. Despite hav-ing the authority to do it, the FCC has refused to take action to close this loophole. My amendment would have restated the original Congressional intent and would send a message to the FCC that it is time to act. This amendment would have been germane, it would have been within the rules of the body, and, most importantly, it would have been supported by the vast majority of Americans: Republicans, Democrats, and Independents who want us to re-form our campaign finance system so that it is on the up and up, so people understand who is trying to influence them and also to end the influence of big money in politics. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Kentucky an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. YARMUTH. I wish that the Rules Committee had made that amendment in order, but they didn’t, so I will op-pose the rule and urge my colleagues to do so. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of the gentleman from Colo-rado how many additional speakers he has? Mr. POLIS. I am prepared to close. Mr. BURGESS. In which case, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up the Repub-lican budget resolution and allow for consideration of alternative budget proposals under a similar process to that which we have used every year in recent history. It is truly time for the Republicans to stop the partisan game and finally consider a budget before this Friday’s legally mandated dead-line. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the RECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, Americans get it. Households have to balance their budget, businesses have to bal-ance their budget. Not talking about it and putting your head in the sand is only a recipe for increased debt and in-creased liability for future generations of Americans. The fact that we are spending $400 billion or $500 billion more than we are taking in—of course we might not know about that for the next year until after the fact if we don’t have a budg-et—the fact that we have enormous un-funded liabilities in Medicare and So-cial Security doesn’t go away just be-cause Republicans ignore the topic and refuse to have a debate on balancing our budget. I am proud to sponsor a balanced budget amendment. I think that by working together, Democrats and Re-publicans can restore fiscal responsi-bility to our Nation. How can we do it? Well, I will tell you how we can’t do it. We can’t do it by 48 hours from the deadline to pass a budget by discussing obscure bills to codify FCC regulations with our valuable floor time. It starts with an honest discussion. It starts with Democrats and Republicans offering their budgets. I have been proud in the past to support bipartisan budgets that have come to this body. I have supported and opposed some of the Democratic budgets that my col-leagues have offered, but we have to have that discussion on the floor. The work doesn’t do itself and the problem doesn’t go away when Republicans choose to ignore it. I wish our budget deficit was as easy to solve as simply ignoring it. Wouldn’t that be convenient if we could simply ignore the budget deficit and it would go away? Wouldn’t it be convenient if we could just ignore the national debt and it would go away? Wouldn’t it be convenient if we could ignore the dam-age to agencies that an indiscriminate sequester has caused and it would sim-ply go away? I like that line of thinking, Mr. Speaker. Unfortunately, it is com-pletely unrealistic. The American peo-ple realize it is completely unrealistic. That is why when America looks to Congress and says: we have these dis-cussions in our households about our budget, and businesses have these dis-cussions. Why can’t you, Mr. Speaker? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.015 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1648 April 13, 2016 
Why can’t you? That is the reason the Congressional approval rating is so low. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, back in the late 1990s, in the middle of what was called the dot-com boom, my predecessor, the then-majority leader of the House of Representatives, Richard Armey, came and spoke to the Dallas Chamber of Commerce. The purpose of his discus-sion that day was to talk about the dot-com boom that the economy was experiencing. He confessed that the Internet was the gosh darnedest thing, no one had ever seen anything like it, but he cau-tioned us. As business leaders that day, he cautioned us. He said: Look, when the government doesn’t understand something, the first thing it will want to do is regulate it, the next thing it will want to do is tax it, and you have then effectively killed it. Mr. Speaker, it wasn’t an accident that I used in the opening statement the language that under the proposed rules from the FCC, the Federal Gov-ernment will have the ability to con-trol the Internet. That is a significant and important fact. If you allow the Federal Government to control the Internet, you have effectively damaged the promise of the Internet to the point where it will no longer function for its citizens the way it was intended to function: as a free and open process. Mr. Speaker, it is pretty simple. To-day’s rule provides for consideration of a bill to rein in the Federal Govern-ment that is all too eager to regulate every aspect of our lives. H.R. 2666 will protect the Internet from government regulation and allow it to continue to thrive without inter-ference. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. K
INZINGER for his work on this legisla-tion, and I want to thank the com-mittee for the work that they did in getting this legislation to the floor. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and ‘‘yes’’ on the under-lying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 672 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 2. At any time after the adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 125) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. The first reading of the concurrent resolution shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the concurrent reso-lution are waived. General debate shall not exceed four hours, with three hours of gen-eral debate confined to the congressional budget equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget and one hour of general debate on the subject of economic goals and policies equally divided and con-trolled by Representative Tiberi of Ohio and Representative Carolyn Maloney of New York or their respective designees. After general debate the concurrent resolution shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The concurrent resolution shall be considered as read. No amendment shall be in order except amendments in the nature of a substitute. Each such amend-ment shall be considered as read, and shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an oppo-nent. All points of order against such amend-ments are waived except those arising under clause 7 of rule XVI (germaneness). If more than one such amendment is adopted, then only the one receiving the greater number of affirmative votes shall be considered as fi-nally adopted. In the case of a tie for the greater number of affirmative votes, then only the last amendment to receive that number of affirmative votes shall be consid-ered as finally adopted. After the conclusion of consideration of the concurrent resolution for amendment and a final period of general debate, which shall not exceed 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Budget, the Committee shall rise and report the concurrent resolution to the House with such amendment as may have been finally adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the concurrent resolution and amendments thereto to adoption without intervening mo-tion except amendments offered by the chair of the Committee on the Budget pursuant to section 305(a)(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to achieve mathematical consist-ency. The concurrent resolution shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion of its adoption. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b1245 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3340, FINANCIAL STA-BILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL RE-FORM ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3791, RAISING CONSOLIDATED ASSETS THRESHOLD UNDER SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY POL-ICY STATEMENT Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 671 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 671 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.016 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1649 April 13, 2016 
House the bill (H.R. 3340) to place the Finan-cial Stability Oversight Council and the Of-fice of Financial Research under the regular appropriations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Fi-nancial Research, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now print-ed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services; (2) the fur-ther amendment printed in part A of the re-port of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3791) to raise the consolidated as-sets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes. All points of order against consid-eration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services; (2) the amendment print-ed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, if of-fered by the Member designated in the re-port, which shall be in order without inter-vention of any point of order, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for a division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-day, the Rules Committee met and re-ported a rule for H.R. 3340, the FSOC Reform Act, and for H.R. 3791, the Rais-ing Consolidated Assets Threshold Under Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement. House Resolution 671 provides structured rules for both bills. The resolution provides each bill 1 hour of debate that is equally divided between the chair and the ranking member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Additionally, the resolution provides for the consideration of one amendment to each bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the resolution and the underlying legisla-tion. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council, which is dedicated to identifying threats to the stability of the Amer-ican financial system. The FSOC is supported in this mission by the Office of Financial Research, which was also created by Dodd-Frank. The OFR is armed with subpoena power to compel vast amounts of non-public, sensitive information from in-stitutions across the financial system. The OFR feeds this data to the FSOC, which is empowered to designate banks, as well as nonbank institutions, as ‘‘systemically important financial institutions,’’ or SIFIs. This designa-tion significantly increases the regu-latory burdens that are faced by these institutions, and they have far-reach-ing effects on the entire financial sys-tem. The impact of excessive regula-tion trickles down to customers, re-sulting in higher borrowing costs that may stop Americans from realizing their dreams of homeownership, of pur-chasing cars, of pursuing higher edu-cation, or other goals. Despite the vast power that the FSOC and OFR have, neither organiza-tion is subject to the annual appropria-tions process. The OFR is funded through assessments on banks, and it pays for the FSOC through these funds. As such, the FSOC is insulated from the transparency and accountability that Congress would give to normal or-ganizations by virtue of this self-fund-ing mechanism. This has, effectively, shielded the FSOC from any congres-sional oversight. The FSOC Reform Act would, simply, fix those problems. It does not reduce the FSOC’s budget or the OFR’s, but it would require that they be under an-nual appropriations. It would also re-quire occasional reports to Congress on their expenses, objectives, and per-formance measures. Congressional ap-proval of FSOC’s budget would encour-age transparency with regard to FSOC’s methodology for designating SIFIs. It would also make it clear what their objectives are and what they see as concerns for our financial system. I believe this bill will actually increase the transparency of the process, and it will make sure that we look out for the financial security of the American fi-nancial system. The bill also requires the FSOC to engage in a public notice and comment period before issuing any new rules and regulations. These changes will put the FSOC in line with other agencies that have to engage in public notice and comment periods before they provide new rules and regulations. I thank the sponsor of H.R. 3340, Rep-resentative TOMEMMER of Minnesota, for introducing this important legisla-tion that will increase the oversight and transparency to ensure we have a safe and competitive financial market in the United States. The other measure for consideration under the rule is H.R. 3791, which is a bill sponsored by Representative M
IA L
OVEof Utah. Last year, Congress passed and the President signed legislation providing relief to community banks by increas-ing the Federal Reserve’s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement threshold to include small bank hold-ing companies with up to $1 billion of consolidated assets. This was in re-sponse to the small banks’ difficulty in accessing capital as a result of signifi-cant changes in the regulatory land-scape. This bill provides further relief by ex-panding the Fed’s policy statement to include small bank and savings and loan holding companies with up to $5 billion of consolidated assets. This will provide needed relief for about 400 small bank and thrift holding compa-nies. The $5 billion level matches the threshold that was offered in the last Congress by the current ranking mem-ber of the Senate Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs, my fellow Ohioan, Democratic Senator S
HERROD BROWN . He did that in S. 798, so this should not be controversial. It is bipartisan. Democrats and Repub-licans have been for this. Since the second quarter of 2010, around the time that the Dodd-Frank Act was passed by Congress, the com-munity banks’ share of U.S. commer-cial banking assets has declined at a rate that is almost double that experi-enced between 2006 and 2010. What is happening in our financial system is that the big are getting bigger, and the small are disappearing. That is why it is important to give regulatory relief to some smaller community banks that are caught in the middle. According to the FDIC, there were more than 18,000 banks in the 1980s as compared to just 6,400 in the first quarter of 2015, and we are currently losing community banks at a rate of one every day. Increasing the eligibility threshold to $5 billion will ensure that small bank and savings and loan holding companies will be able to issue debt and raise capital so that the commu-nity banks can continue to provide fi-nancial services to the customers they serve and increase their involvement in promoting economic growth in their local communities. It is important to note that this bill maintains the requirements that these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.004 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1650 April 13, 2016 
holding companies meet regulations re-lated to nonbanking activities, off-bal-ance sheet activities, and publicly reg-istered debt equity. The legislation also maintains a safeguard that allows the Federal Reserve to deny an in-creased debt level to any bank holding company it deems at risk of failure. Together, these bills will help ensure that powerful regulators act in a trans-parent manner and are accountable to Congress, and they will provide needed relief for community banks that are at-tempting to survive in a difficult envi-ronment. I look forward to debating these bills with my colleagues, and I urge support for the rule and the underlying legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend, the gentleman from Ohio, for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the rule that is providing for the consideration of both H.R. 3340, the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council Reform Act, and H.R. 3791, the Raising Consolidated Assets Threshold Under Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, and for other purposes. These partisan financial services bills, in my opinion, would weaken and politicize the institutions that were created after the financial crisis to identify and guard against systemic risk in our financial system; and they will allow even larger bank holding companies to leverage themselves with debt when financing the purchase of other banks. In reviewing this legislation, I have to ask myself: Are the memories of my Republican friends really so short that they do not remember the pain that our Nation went through only a few short years ago? The financial crisis of 2008, by everybody’s statement, was the worst economic downturn that this great Na-tion has faced since the Great Depres-sion. It left millions out of work and millions out of their homes. Yet, in-stead of supporting efforts to ensure that a collapse of this magnitude never happens again, the majority has chosen to weaken the very protections that are designed to prevent such a crisis. This is even more appalling when you consider that we are still dealing with the fallout from the crisis. Just this week, Goldman Sachs agreed to pay $5 billion to settle claims that it misled mortgage bond investors during the fi-nancial crisis. I was pleased to see that a portion of its repayment is going to go to low-income and moderate-income housing. Mr. Speaker, I guess we really shouldn’t be surprised by the actions of my friends in the majority. With the kinds of bills that have come to the floor under this Republican Congress, whether they be to roll back environ-mental protections, 60-plus repeals of the Affordable Care Act, or to deny ac-cess to women’s health care, I guess it is not a surprise that now my Repub-lican friends are bringing up legisla-tion to help the big banks and strip away the protections to prevent an-other financial crisis. I am also left wondering: Why are we debating a rule for these bills today at all? I would like to remind the major-ity—and I will now and twice again be-fore I yield back my time—that, by law, this body must produce a budget resolution by Friday of this week. De-spite this requirement, we still have no budget or a clear path to one. I ask the question: Where is the budget? I pause here to yield to my friend from Ohio if I could get his attention just for a moment. I know the gen-tleman is on the Committee on Finan-cial Services. We serve together on Rules, but I am not in the majority and am not privy to what may happen this Friday. I am just curious: Since the gentleman is in the majority, what is the gentleman hearing, if anything, re-garding our having a budget by this Friday? I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). b1300 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yield-ing. I am hearing that negotiations are ongoing, and I am hopeful that we can have a budget by this Friday. There is a bit of disagreement, even inside our Conference, about how to move forward on the budget as far as the numbers. But there are a lot of discussions ongo-ing, and I am hopeful. I support passing a budget. I have voted for a budget since I have been here. We have passed budgets every year since I have been here. We have not passed the deadline yet for this budget. I am hopeful that we can get it done, but it is an ongoing negotiation. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate my friend’s response. I urged that yesterday in the Rules Committee. Aside from your sub-committee holding a hearing this Thursday at 3, we were advised by the chair that there would be no further business of the Rules Committee. So I assumed, if that is the case, that we won’t be going back to the Rules Committee. And I am sure that the budget, if it were to be here by Friday, would require a rule. Despite all of these things, I empiricize the fact that it doesn’t ap-pear that we will have a budget by Fri-day. Mr. Speaker, here is how we got to this point: last fall Republicans and Democrats came together to pass a bi-partisan budget agreement. Now, how-ever, Republicans are refusing to sup-port their party’s own budget proposal. Now, I understand what my friend said about negotiations going on, and that is good. It would be helpful if those negotiations were going on with Democrats in the room as well. I was very optimistic, as I am sure all of us were and, to a relative degree, still are, when Speaker RYANpromised to end Republican obstructionism and return to regular order. I felt very opti-mistic about that. It seemed that the now-dubbed do- nothing Congress is back and, with it, total dysfunction on the Republican side of the aisle. The dysfunction is so bad that Republicans cannot even agree to a budget number that they have already agreed to. Now, Democrats don’t want to weak-en the financial protections keeping our economy stable and strong. In-stead, Democrats are ready to pass a budget that creates and helps create jobs and grow the paychecks of hard-working Americans. We would like to work in a bipartisan way, and we would assuredly like to work in a way that would bring us to the work that is needed to be done in a positive manner. If only the Republican Conference could stand up to the extreme faction in their own party to work with us, then we could get this business done. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close. I have no more speak-ers. If the gentleman from Florida wants to close, I will reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. These financial services bills are not what the American people want. These are bills that big banks want. Instead of debating and passing a budget, which we are required to do by law by the end of this week, as I have said, the majority has decided that we should spend what precious legislative time we have left debating bills that would roll back vital protections to the systemic health of our financial sys-tem. So now not only is the dysfunction in the Republican Conference putting one of this institution’s most basic func-tions in jeopardy, which is passing a budget to fund the government, but, to add insult to injury, the majority has decided now is the best time to debate putting our entire financial system in jeopardy by rolling back measures de-signed to protect it. I might add that there is an appellate decision that is not on this measure, but on another that we dealt with ear-lier. I don’t understand why we are going forward on these measures when we know, in fact, that they aren’t going to go anywhere in the other body. Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, the American people deserve better. So since Congress is required to pass a budget by Friday of this week and there is absolutely little sign that the Republican majority intends to fulfill that responsibility, well, Mr. Speaker, I want to give my friends on the other side of the aisle the opportunity to end the obstructionism and meet their and our obligation to pass a budget. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.020 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1651 April 13, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up the Repub-lican budget resolution and allow for the consideration of alternative budget proposals under the same process we use every year. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan). Is there objec-tion to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and the underlying bills. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. I appreciate the comments of my col-league. I can assure him we are work-ing hard on a budget resolution. Al-though we cannot notify the com-mittee of any upcoming meeting be-cause we don’t know when it will be be-cause we don’t know when the negotia-tions will be, I am hopeful that that will happen and we will actually end up having a budget that will be passed be-fore the deadline. So, again, I am hopeful, but none of us can control that ourselves. The ne-gotiations are ongoing. I would just say that these two bills and the rule don’t do anything to un-dermine our financial stability. The first bill puts the FSOC and the OFR on budget. It requires that they have appropriations every year. You might be familiar with the ap-propriations clause of the U.S. Con-stitution: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ So we just want the normal constitu-tional checks and balances that exist in every other agency to exist here, to increase the transparency and account-ability for what these agencies do. So the first bill puts FSOC and OFR on budget. It requires appropriations to be passed. It also requires periodic re-ports on what their goals and objec-tives are and how their meeting goes. That is kind of a no-brainer. Again, Senator S
HERROD BROWN , the Democrat minority ranking member on the Senate Banking Committee, has a bill that—I’m sorry. It is the second bill. I apologize. It makes sense to do this, to put them on appropriations. The second bill is a bill that raises the limit for small financial institu-tions, community banks, up to $5 bil-lion. We are talking about 400 banks. It is not the biggest banks. In fact, the biggest banks in America are almost a trillion dollars. We are talking about $5 billion in consolidated assets in banks and savings and loans. These are community-based financial institutions. There are about 400 of them. They are struggling right now. We are losing a community bank a day in this country. We need to make sure that we do everything that we can to help those community banks continue. I know that is a bipartisan effort to do that. This may not be the exact way that the other side of the aisle wants to move forward on that. I offered to the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee yes-terday in the Rules Committee that I would be happy to work with her on some other method. If she thinks she wants to use an ac-tivity test, if she wants to require some kind of loans to assets, if she wants to require some kind of capital in this, I would be happy to work with her because we have to help our com-munity banks. I know that is a bipar-tisan feeling. Mr. Speaker, I would say to the gen-tleman from Florida that I know that the other side of the aisle feels the same way. We may have a tactical dis-agreement, but we all feel that way. So I would love to work on that. In the meantime, I hope my col-leagues will support both these bills and the underlying rule. I urge my col-leagues to support the rule and the un-derlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 671 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 3. At any time after the adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 125) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. The first reading of the concurrent resolution shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the concurrent reso-lution are waived. General debate shall not exceed four hours, with three hours of gen-eral debate confined to the congressional budget equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget and one hour of general debate on the subject of economic goals and policies equally divided and con-trolled by Representative Tiberi of Ohio and Representative Carolyn Maloney of New York or their respective designees. After general debate the concurrent resolution shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The concurrent resolution shall be considered as read. No amendment shall be in order except amendments in the nature of a substitute. Each such amend-ment shall be considered as read, and shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an oppo-nent. All points of order against such amend-ments are waived except those arising under clause 7 of rule XVI (germaneness). If more than one such amendment is adopted, then only the one receiving the greater number of affirmative votes shall be considered as fi-nally adopted. In the case of a tie for the greater number of affirmative votes, then only the last amendment to receive that number of affirmative votes shall be consid-ered as finally adopted. After the conclusion of consideration of the concurrent resolution for amendment and a final period of general debate, which shall not exceed 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Budget, the Committee shall rise and report the concurrent resolution to the House with such amendment as may have been finally adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the concurrent resolution and amendments thereto to adoption without intervening mo-tion except amendments offered by the chair of the Committee on the Budget pursuant to section 305(a)(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to achieve mathematical consist-ency. The concurrent resolution shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion of its adoption. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.022 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1652 April 13, 2016 
on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 1:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1330 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan) at 1 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 672; Adopting House Resolution 672, if or-dered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 671; and Adopting House Resolution 671, if or-dered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2666, NO RATE REGULA-TION OF BROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 672) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2666) to pro-hibit the Federal Communications Commission from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 182, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 141] YEAS—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Bridenstine Engel Fattah Jackson Lee Lee Lieu, Ted Murphy (PA) Van Hollen 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1352 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Messrs. ASHFORD, AL GREEN of Texas, SCHIFF, and Ms. BONAMICI changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The question is on the res-olution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.008 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1653 April 13, 2016 
The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 182, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 142] AYES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bridenstine Crawford Engel Fattah Lieu, Ted McNerney Ribble Sanford Van Hollen 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1359 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3340, FINANCIAL STA-BILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL RE-FORM ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3791, RAISING CONSOLIDATED ASSETS THRESHOLD UNDER SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY POL-ICY STATEMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 671) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3340) to place the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Re-search under the regular appropria-tions process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Of-fice of Financial Research, and for other purposes, and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3791) to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 182, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 143] YEAS—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.028 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1654 April 13, 2016 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—8 
Bridenstine Engel Fattah Grijalva Lieu, Ted McNerney Stewart Van Hollen 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1406 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 182, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 144] AYES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOES—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bridenstine Engel Fattah Lieu, Ted Love McNerney Torres Van Hollen Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1412 So the resolution was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.010 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1655 April 13, 2016 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
b1415 BORDER AND MARITIME COORDI-NATION IMPROVEMENT ACT Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3586) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve border and maritime security coordination in the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3586 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Border and Maritime Coordination Im-provement Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; Table of contents. Sec. 2. U.S. Customs and Border Protection coordination. Sec. 3. Border and maritime security effi-ciencies. Sec. 4. Public-private partnerships. Sec. 5. Establishment of the Office of Bio-metric Identity Management. Sec. 6. Cost-benefit analysis of co-locating operational entities. Sec. 7. Strategic personnel plan for U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel deployed abroad. Sec. 8. Threat assessment for United States- bound international mail. Sec. 9. Evaluation of Coast Guard Deployable Specialized Forces. Sec. 10. Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism improvement. Sec. 11. Strategic plan to enhance the secu-rity of the international supply chain. Sec. 12. Container Security Initiative. Sec. 13. Transportation Worker Identifica-tion Credential waiver and ap-peals process. Sec. 14. Repeals. 
SEC. 2. U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 420. IMMIGRATION COOPERATION PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established within U.S. Customs and Border Protection a program to be known as the Immigration Co-operation Program. Under the Program, U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers, pur-suant to an arrangement with the govern-ment of a foreign country, may cooperate with authorities of that government, air car-riers, and security employees at airports lo-cated in that country, to identify persons who may be inadmissible to the United States or otherwise pose a risk to border se-curity. ‘‘(b) ACTIVITIES .—In carrying out the pro-gram, U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers posted in a foreign country under subsection (a) may— ‘‘(1) be stationed at airports in that coun-try, including for purposes of conducting risk assessments and enhancing border secu-rity; ‘‘(2) assist authorities of that government, air carriers, and security employees with document examination and traveler security assessments; ‘‘(3) provide relevant training to air car-riers, their security staff, and such authori-ties; ‘‘(4) exchange information with, and pro-vide technical assistance, equipment, and training to, such authorities to facilitate risk assessments of travelers and appropriate enforcement activities related to such as-sessments; ‘‘(5) make recommendations to air carriers to deny boarding to potentially inadmissable travelers bound for the United States; and ‘‘(6) conduct other activities, as appro-priate, to protect the international borders of the United States and facilitate the en-forcement of United States laws, as directed by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘SEC. 420A. AIR CARGO ADVANCE SCREENING. 
‘‘The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— ‘‘(1) consistent with the requirements en-acted by the Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–210)— ‘‘(A) establish a program for the collection by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of advance electronic information from air car-riers and other persons and governments within the supply chain regarding cargo being transported to the United States by air; and ‘‘(B) under such program, require that such information be transmitted by such persons and governments at the earliest point prac-ticable prior to loading of such cargo onto an aircraft destined to or transiting through the United States; and ‘‘(2) coordinate with the Administrator for the Transportation Security Administration to identify opportunities where the informa-tion furnished in compliance with the pro-gram established under this section can be used to meet the requirements of a program administered by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration. 
‘‘SEC. 420B. U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION OFFICE OF AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS ASSET DEPLOYMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Any deployment of new assets by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’s Office of Air and Marine Operations following the date of the enactment of this section, shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, occur in accordance with a risk- based assessment that considers mission needs, validated requirements, performance results, threats, costs, and any other rel-evant factors identified by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Spe-cific factors to be included in such assess-ment shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Mission requirements that prioritize the operational needs of field commanders to secure the United States border and ports. ‘‘(2) Other Department assets available to help address any unmet border and port se-curity mission requirements, in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Risk analysis showing positioning of the asset at issue to respond to intelligence on emerging terrorist or other threats. ‘‘(4) Cost-benefit analysis showing the rel-ative ability to use the asset at issue in the most cost-effective way to reduce risk and achieve mission success. ‘‘(b) CONSIDERATIONS .—An assessment re-quired under subsection (a) shall consider ap-plicable Federal guidance, standards, and agency strategic and performance plans, in-cluding the following: ‘‘(1) The most recent departmental Quad-rennial Homeland Security Review under section 707, and any follow-up guidance re-lated to such Review. ‘‘(2) The Department’s Annual Perform-ance Plans. ‘‘(3) Department policy guiding use of inte-grated risk management in resource alloca-tion decisions. ‘‘(4) Department and U.S. Customs and Border Protection Strategic Plans and Re-source Deployment Plans. ‘‘(5) Applicable aviation guidance from the Department, including the DHS Aviation Concept of Operations. ‘‘(6) Other strategic and acquisition guid-ance promulgated by the Federal Govern-ment as the Secretary determines appro-priate. ‘‘(c) A
UDIT AND REPORT .—The Inspector General of the Department shall biennially audit the deployment of new assets by U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Air and Marine Operations and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on the compli-ance of the Department with the require-ments of this section. ‘‘(d) M
ARINE INTERDICTION STATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this section, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate an identi-fication of facilities owned by the Federal Government in strategic locations along the maritime border of California that may be suitable for establishing additional Office of Air and Marine Operations marine interdic-tion stations. 
‘‘SEC. 420C. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCE-MENT TEAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish within the Department a program to be known as the Integrated Border En-forcement Team program (referred to in this section as ‘IBET’). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the IBET program in a manner that re-sults in a cooperative approach between the United States and Canada to— ‘‘(1) strengthen security between des-ignated ports of entry; ‘‘(2) detect, prevent, investigate, and re-spond to terrorism and violations of law re-lated to border security; ‘‘(3) facilitate collaboration among compo-nents and offices within the Department and international partners; ‘‘(4) execute coordinated activities in fur-therance of border security and homeland se-curity; and ‘‘(5) enhance information-sharing, includ-ing the dissemination of homeland security information among such components and of-fices. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION AND LOCATION OF  IBET
S.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.033 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1656 April 13, 2016 
‘‘(1) C OMPOSITION .—IBETs shall be led by the United States Border Patrol and may be comprised of personnel from the following: ‘‘(A) Other subcomponents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(B) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, led by Homeland Security Inves-tigations. ‘‘(C) The Coast Guard, for the purpose of securing the maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(D) Other Department personnel, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(E) Other Federal departments and agen-cies, as appropriate. ‘‘(F) Appropriate State law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(G) Foreign law enforcement partners. ‘‘(H) Local law enforcement agencies from affected border cities and communities. ‘‘(I) Appropriate tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—The Secretary is author-ized to establish IBETs in regions in which such teams can contribute to IBET missions, as appropriate. When establishing an IBET, the Secretary shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the region in which the IBET would be established is significantly im-pacted by cross-border threats. ‘‘(B) The availability of Federal, State, local, tribal, and foreign law enforcement re-sources to participate in an IBET. ‘‘(C) Whether, in accordance with para-graph (3), other joint cross-border initiatives already take place within the region in which the IBET would be established, includ-ing other Department cross-border programs such as the Integrated Cross-Border Mari-time Law Enforcement Operation Program established under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border En-forcement Security Task Force established under section 432. ‘‘(3) D
UPLICATION OF EFFORTS .—In deter- mining whether to establish a new IBET or to expand an existing IBET in a given region, the Secretary shall ensure that the IBET under consideration does not duplicate the efforts of other existing interagency task forces or centers within such region, includ-ing the Integrated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforcement Operation Program estab-lished under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border Enforcement Security Task Force established under sec-tion 432. ‘‘(d) O
PERATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After determining the regions in which to establish IBETs, the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) direct the assignment of Federal per-sonnel to such IBETs; and ‘‘(B) take other actions to assist Federal, State, local, and tribal entities to partici-pate in such IBETs, including providing fi-nancial assistance, as appropriate, for oper-ational, administrative, and technological costs associated with such participation. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Coast Guard personnel assigned under paragraph (1) may be as-signed only for the purposes of securing the maritime borders of the United States, in ac-cordance with subsection (c)(1)(C). ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate the IBET program with other similar border security and antiterrorism programs within the Department in accord-ance with the strategic objectives of the Cross-Border Law Enforcement Advisory Committee. ‘‘(f) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Secretary may enter into memoranda of un-derstanding with appropriate representatives of the entities specified in subsection (c)(1) necessary to carry out the IBET program. ‘‘(g) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which an IBET is established and biannually thereafter for the following six years, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees, includ-ing the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and in the case of Coast Guard personnel used to secure the maritime borders of the United States, addi-tionally to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives, a report that— ‘‘(1) describes the effectiveness of IBETs in fulfilling the purposes specified in subsection (b); ‘‘(2) assess the impact of certain challenges on the sustainment of cross-border IBET op-erations, including challenges faced by inter-national partners; ‘‘(3) addresses ways to support joint train-ing for IBET stakeholder agencies and radio interoperability to allow for secure cross- border radio communications; and ‘‘(4) assesses how IBETs, Border Enforce-ment Security Task Forces, and the Inte-grated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforce-ment Operation Program can better align op-erations, including interdiction and inves-tigation activities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 419 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 420. Immigration cooperation pro-gram. ‘‘Sec. 420A. Air cargo advance screening. ‘‘Sec. 420B. U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion Office of Air and Marine Operations asset deployment. ‘‘Sec. 420C. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams.’’. (c) D
EADLINE FOR AIRCARGO ADVANCE  S
CREENING .—The Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection shall implement section 420A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this section, by not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. BORDER AND MARITIME SECURITY EFFI-CIENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 434. BORDER SECURITY JOINT TASK FORCES. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish and operate the following depart-mental Joint Task Forces (in this section re-ferred to as ‘Joint Task Force’) to conduct joint operations using Department compo-nent and office personnel and capabilities to secure the land and maritime borders of the United States: ‘‘(1) J
OINT TASK FORCE –EAST .—Joint Task Force-East shall, at the direction of the Sec-retary and in coordination with Joint Task Force West, create and execute a strategic plan to secure the land and maritime borders of the United States and shall operate and be located in a place or region determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) J
OINT TASK FORCE –WEST .—Joint Task Force-West shall, at the direction of the Sec-retary and in coordination with Joint Task Force East, create and execute a strategic plan to secure the land and maritime borders of the United States and shall operate and be located in a place or region determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) J
OINT TASK FORCE –INVESTIGATIONS .— Joint Task Force-Investigations shall, at the direction of the Secretary, be responsible for coordinating criminal investigations sup-porting Joint Task Force–West and Joint Task Force–East. ‘‘(b) JOINT TASK FORCE DIRECTORS .—The Secretary shall appoint a Director to head each Joint Task Force. Each Director shall be senior official selected from a relevant component or office of the Department, ro-tating between relevant components and of-fices every two years. The Secretary may ex-tend the appointment of a Director for up to two additional years, if the Secretary deter-mines that such an extension is in the best interest of the Department. ‘‘(c) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary shall make the following appointments to the following Joint Task Forces: ‘‘(1) The initial Director of Joint Task Force–East shall be a senior officer of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(2) The initial Director of Joint Task Force–West shall be a senior official of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) The initial Director of Joint Task Force–Investigations shall be a senior offi-cial of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. ‘‘(d) J
OINT TASK FORCE DEPUTY DIREC-
TORS .—The Secretary shall appoint a Deputy Director for each Joint Task Force. The Dep-uty Director of a Joint Task Force shall, to the greatest extent practicable, be an official of a different component or office than the Director of each Joint Task Force. ‘‘(e) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Each Joint Task Force Director shall— ‘‘(1) identify and prioritize border and mar-itime security threats to the homeland; ‘‘(2) maintain situational awareness within their areas of responsibility, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(3) provide operational plans and require-ments for standard operating procedures and contingency operations; ‘‘(4) plan and execute joint task force ac-tivities within their areas of responsibility, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(5) set and accomplish strategic objec-tives through integrated operational plan-ning and execution; ‘‘(6) exercise operational direction over personnel and equipment from Department components and offices allocated to the re-spective Joint Task Force to accomplish task force objectives; ‘‘(7) establish operational and investigative priorities within the Director’s operating areas; ‘‘(8) coordinate with foreign governments and other Federal, State, and local agencies, where appropriate, to carry out the mission of the Director’s Joint Task Force; ‘‘(9) identify and provide to the Secretary the joint mission requirements necessary to secure the land and maritime borders of the United States; and ‘‘(10) carry out other duties and powers the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(f) P
ERSONNEL AND RESOURCES OF JOINT T
ASKFORCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, upon request of the Director of a Joint Task Force, allocate on a temporary basis compo-nent and office personnel and equipment to the requesting Joint Task Force, with appro-priate consideration of risk given to the other primary missions of the Department. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION OF IMPACT .—When re- viewing requests for allocation of component personnel and equipment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the impact of such allocation on the ability of the do-nating component to carry out the primary missions of the Department, and in the case of the Coast Guard, the missions specified in section 888. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1657 April 13, 2016 
‘‘(3) L IMITATION .—Personnel and equipment of the Coast Guard allocated under this sub-section may only be used to carry out oper-ations and investigations related to securing the maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(g) C
OMPONENT RESOURCE AUTHORITY .—As directed by the Secretary— ‘‘(1) each Director of a Joint Task Force shall be provided sufficient resources from relevant components and offices of the De-partment and the authority necessary to carry out the missions and responsibilities required under this section; ‘‘(2) the resources referred to in paragraph (1) shall be under the operational authority, direction, and control of the Director of the Joint Task Force to which such resources were assigned; and ‘‘(3) the personnel and equipment of the Joint Task Forces shall remain under the ad-ministrative direction of its primary compo-nent or office. ‘‘(h) J
OINT TASKFORCE STAFF .—Each Joint Task Force shall have a staff to assist the Directors in carrying out the mission and re-sponsibilities of the Joint Task Forces. Such staff shall be filled by officials from relevant components and offices of the Department. ‘‘(i) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE  M
ETRICS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) establish performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of the Joint Task Forces in securing the land and maritime borders of the United States; ‘‘(2) submit such metrics to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and in the case of metrics re-lated to securing the maritime borders of the United States, additionally to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, by the date that is not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this section; and ‘‘(3) submit to such Committees— ‘‘(A) an initial report that contains the evaluation described in paragraph (1) by not later than January 31, 2017; and ‘‘(B) a second report that contains such evaluation by not later than January 31, 2018. ‘‘(j) J
OINT DUTYTRAINING PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a Department joint duty training program for the purposes of enhancing de-partmental unity of efforts and promoting workforce professional development. Such training shall be tailored to improve joint operations as part of the Joint Task Forces established under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The joint duty training program established under paragraph (1) shall address, at minimum, the following topics: ‘‘(A) National strategy. ‘‘(B) Strategic and contingency planning. ‘‘(C) Command and control of operations under joint command. ‘‘(D) International engagement. ‘‘(E) The Homeland Security Enterprise. ‘‘(F) Border security. ‘‘(G) Interagency collaboration. ‘‘(H) Leadership. ‘‘(3) O
FFICERS AND OFFICIALS .—The joint duty training program established under paragraph (1) shall consist of— ‘‘(A) one course intended for mid-level offi-cers and officials of the Department assigned to or working with the Joint Task Forces, and ‘‘(B) one course intended for senior officers and officials of the Department assigned to or working with the Joint Task Forces, to ensure a systematic, progressive, and ca-reer-long development of such officers and officials in coordinating and executing De-partment-wide joint planning and oper-ations. ‘‘(4) TRAINING REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) D
IRECTORS AND DEPUTY DIRECTORS .— Except as provided in subparagraph (C), each Joint Task Force Director and Deputy Direc-tor of a Joint Task Force shall complete rel-evant parts of the joint duty training pro-gram under this subsection prior to assign-ment to a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(B) J
OINT TASK FORCE STAFF .—All senior and mid-level officers and officials serving on the staff of a Joint Task Force shall com-plete relevant parts of the joint duty train-ing program under this subsection within the first year of assignment to a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) does not apply in the case of the initial Directors and Deputy Directors of a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(k) E
STABLISHING ADDITIONAL JOINT TASK F
ORCES .—The Secretary may establish addi-tional Joint Task Forces for the purposes of— ‘‘(1) coordinating operations along the northern border of the United States; ‘‘(2) homeland security crises, subject to subsection (l); ‘‘(3) establishing other regionally-based op-erations; or ‘‘(4) cybersecurity. ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON ADDITIONAL JOINT TASK F
ORCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not establish a Joint Task Force for any major disaster or emergency declared under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) or an incident for which the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency has primary re-sponsibility for management of the response under title V of this Act, including section 504(a)(3)(A), unless the responsibilities of the Joint Task Force— ‘‘(A) do not include operational functions related to incident management, including coordination of operations; and ‘‘(B) are consistent with the requirements of sections 509(c), 503(c)(3), and 503(c)(4)(A) of this Act and section 302 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5143). ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES AND FUNCTIONS NOT  
REDUCED .—Nothing in this section reduces the responsibilities or functions of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency or the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency under title V of this Act, provisions of law enacted by the Post- Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–295), and other laws, including the diversion of any asset, func-tion, or mission from the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency pursuant to section 506. ‘‘(m) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit a notification to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and in the case of a Joint Task Force in which the Coast Guard will partici-pate or a Joint Task Force established under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (k) to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, 90 days prior to the establishment of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the requirement of paragraph (1) in the event of an emergency circumstance that imminently threatens the protection of human life or the protection of property. ‘‘(n) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of the Department shall conduct a review of the Joint Task Forces established under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) CONTENTS .—The review required under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the effectiveness of the Joint Task Force structure in securing the land and maritime borders of the United States, together with recommendations for enhancements to such structure to further strengthen border secu-rity. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION .—The Inspector General of the Department shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report that contains the review required under para-graph (1) by not later than January 31, 2018. ‘‘(o) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘situational awareness’ means a knowledge and unified understanding of unlawful cross- border activity, including threats and trends concerning illicit trafficking and unlawful crossings, and the ability to forecast future shifts in such threats and trends, the ability to evaluate such threats and trends at a level sufficient to create actionable plans, and the operational capability to conduct continuous and integrated surveillance of the land and maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(p) S
UNSET .—This section expires on Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
‘‘SEC. 435. UPDATES OF MARITIME OPERATIONS COORDINATION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this section, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a maritime operations co-ordination plan for the coordination and co-operation of maritime operations under-taken by components and offices of the De-partment with responsibility for maritime security missions. Such plan shall update the maritime operations coordination plan released by the Department in July 2011, and shall address the following: ‘‘(1) Coordination of planning, integration of maritime operations, and development of joint maritime domain awareness efforts of any component or office of the Department with responsibility for maritime homeland security missions. ‘‘(2) Maintaining effective information sharing and, as appropriate, intelligence in-tegration, with Federal, State, and local offi-cials and the private sector, regarding threats to maritime security. ‘‘(3) Leveraging existing departmental co-ordination mechanisms, including the inter-agency operational centers as authorized under section 70107A of title 46, United States Code, Coast Guard’s Regional Coordi-nating Mechanisms, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Air and Marine Oper-ations Center, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Operational Integration Center, and other regional maritime operational command centers. ‘‘(4) Cooperation and coordination with other departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government, and State and local agen-cies, in the maritime environment, in sup-port of maritime homeland security mis-sions. ‘‘(5) Work conducted within the context of other national and Department maritime se-curity strategic guidance. ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL UPDATES .—Not later than July 1, 2020, the Secretary, acting through the Department’s Office of Operations Co-ordination and Planning, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1658 April 13, 2016 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an update to the maritime operations coordina-tion plan required under subsection (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 433 the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 434. Border Security Joint Task Forces. ‘‘Sec. 435. Updates of maritime operations coordination plan.’’. 
SEC. 4. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new subtitle: ‘‘Subtitle G—U.S. Customs and Border Protection Public Private Partnerships 
‘‘SEC. 481. FEE AGREEMENTS FOR CERTAIN SERV-ICES AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 13031(e) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)) and section 451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451), the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection may, upon the request of any entity, enter into a fee agree-ment with such entity under which— ‘‘(1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall provide services described in subsection (c) at a United States port of entry or any other facility at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection provides or will provide such services; ‘‘(2) such entity shall remit to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection a fee imposed under subsection (e) in an amount equal to the full costs that are incurred or will be in-curred in providing such services; and ‘‘(3) if space is provided by such entity, each facility at which U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection services are performed shall be maintained and equipped by such entity, without cost to the Federal Government, in accordance with U.S. Customs and Border Protection specifications. ‘‘(b) S
ERVICES DESCRIBED .—The services de-scribed in this section are any activities of any employee or contractor of U.S. Customs and Border Protection pertaining to, or in support of, customs, agricultural processing, border security, or immigration inspection- related matters at a port of entry or any other facility at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection provides or will provide services. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
MPACTS OF SERVICES .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion— ‘‘(A) may enter into fee agreements under this section only for services that will in-crease or enhance the operational capacity of U.S. Customs and Border Protection based on available staffing and workload and that will not shift the cost of services funded in any appropriations Act, or provided from any account in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees, to entities under this Act; and ‘‘(B) may not enter into a fee agreement under this section if such agreement would unduly and permanently impact services funded in any appropriations Act, or pro-vided from any account in the Treasury of the United States, derived by the collection of fees. ‘‘(2) N
UMBER .—There shall be no limit to the number of fee agreements that the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection may enter into under this section. ‘‘(d) F
EE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the fee to be charged pursuant to an agreement author-ized under subsection (a) shall be paid by each entity requesting U.S. Customs and Border Protection services, and shall be for the full cost of providing such services, in-cluding the salaries and expenses of employ-ees and contractors of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, to provide such services and other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to such services, such as temporary placement or permanent relocation of such employees and contrac-tors. ‘‘(2) TIMING .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may require that the fee referred to in paragraph (1) be paid by each entity that has entered into a fee agreement under subsection (a) with U.S. Customs and Border Protection in advance of the performance of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services. ‘‘(3) O
VERSIGHT OF FEES .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion shall develop a process to oversee the services for which fees are charged pursuant to an agreement under subsection (a), includ-ing the following: ‘‘(A) A determination and report on the full costs of providing such services, as well as a process for increasing such fees, as nec-essary. ‘‘(B) Establishment of a periodic remit-tance schedule to replenish appropriations, accounts, or funds, as necessary. ‘‘(C) Identification of costs paid by such fees. ‘‘(e) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) A
CCOUNT .—Funds collected pursuant to any agreement entered into under sub-section (a) shall be deposited as offsetting collections, shall remain available until ex-pended without fiscal year limitation, and shall be credited to the applicable appropria-tion, account, or fund for the amount paid out of such appropriation, account, or fund for any expenses incurred or to be incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection in providing U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion services under any such agreement and any other costs incurred or to be incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to such services. ‘‘(2) R
ETURN OF UNUSED FUNDS .—The Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection shall return any unused funds col-lected and deposited into the account de-scribed in paragraph (1) in the event that a fee agreement entered into under subsection (a) is terminated for any reason, or in the event that the terms of such fee agreement change by mutual agreement to cause a re-duction of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tions services. No interest shall be owed upon the return of any such unused funds. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall terminate the provision of services pursuant to a fee agreement entered into under sub-section (a) with an entity that, after receiv-ing notice from the Commissioner that a fee under subsection (d) is due, fails to pay such fee in a timely manner. In the event of such termination, all costs incurred by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection which have not been paid shall become immediately due and payable. Interest on unpaid fees shall accrue based on the rate and amount established under sections 6621 and 6622 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any entity that, after no-tice and demand for payment of any fee under subsection (d), fails to pay such fee in a timely manner shall be liable for a penalty or liquidated damage equal to two times the amount of such fee. Any such amount col-lected pursuant to this paragraph shall be deposited into the appropriate account speci-fied under subsection (e) and shall be avail-able as described in such subsection. ‘‘(g) ANNUAL REPORT .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate an annual report identifying the activities un-dertaken and the agreements entered into pursuant to this section. ‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as imposing in any manner on U.S. Customs and Border Protection any responsibilities, duties, or authorities relating to real property. 
‘‘SEC. 482. PORT OF ENTRY DONATION AUTHOR-ITY. 
‘‘(a) P ERSONAL PROPERTY DONATION AU-
THORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in con-sultation with the Administrator of General Services, may enter into an agreement with any entity to accept a donation of personal property, money, or nonpersonal services for uses described in paragraph (3) only with re-spect to the following locations at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-forms or will be performing inspection serv-ices: ‘‘(A) A new or existing sea or air port of entry. ‘‘(B) An existing Federal Government- owned land port of entry. ‘‘(C) A new Federal Government-owned land port of entry if— ‘‘(i) the fair market value of the donation is $50,000,000 or less; and ‘‘(ii) the fair market value, including any personal and real property donations in total, of such port of entry when completed, is $50,000,000 or less. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY DONATIONS .— Any monetary donation accepted pursuant to this subsection may not be used to pay the salaries of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection employees performing inspection services. ‘‘(3) U
SE.—Donations accepted pursuant to this subsection may be used for activities re-lated to a new or existing sea or air port of entry or a new or existing Federal Govern-ment-owned land port of entry described in paragraph (1), including expenses related to— ‘‘(A) furniture, fixtures, equipment, or technology, including installation or the de-ployment thereof; and ‘‘(B) operation and maintenance of such furniture, fixtures, equipment, or tech-nology. ‘‘(b) R
EAL PROPERTY DONATION AUTHOR -
ITY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, and the Administrator of the General Services Administration, as applica-ble, may enter into an agreement with any entity to accept a donation of real property or money for uses described in paragraph (2) only with respect to the following locations at which U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion performs or will be performing inspec-tion services: ‘‘(A) A new or existing sea or air port of entry. ‘‘(B) An existing Federal Government- owned land port of entry. ‘‘(C) A new Federal Government-owned land port of entry if— ‘‘(i) the fair market value of the donation is $50,000,000 or less; and ‘‘(ii) the fair market value, including any personal and real property donations in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1659 April 13, 2016 
total, of such port of entry when completed, is $50,000,000 or less. ‘‘(2) U
SE.—Donations accepted pursuant to this subsection may be used for activities re-lated to construction, alteration, operation, or maintenance of a new or existing sea or air port of entry or a new or existing a Fed-eral Government-owned land port of entry described in paragraph (1), including ex-penses related to— ‘‘(A) land acquisition, design, construction, repair, or alteration; and ‘‘(B) operation and maintenance of such port of entry facility. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON REAL PROPERTY DONA -
TIONS .—A donation of real property under this subsection at an existing land port of entry owned by the General Services Admin-istration may only be accepted by the Ad-ministrator of General Services. ‘‘(4) S
UNSET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to enter into an agreement under this subsection shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this sub-section. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The termi-nation date referred to in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to carrying out the terms of an agreement under this subsection if such agreement is entered into before such termi-nation date. ‘‘(c) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
URATION .—An agreement entered into under subsection (a) or (b) (and, in the case of such subsection (b), in accordance with paragraph (4) of such subsection) may last as long as required to meet the terms of such agreement. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—In carrying out agreements entered into under subsection (a) or (b), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of General Services, shall establish criteria that includes the following: ‘‘(A) Selection and evaluation of donors. ‘‘(B) Identification of roles and responsibil-ities between U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, the General Services Administra-tion, as applicable, and donors. ‘‘(C) Identification, allocation, and man-agement of explicit and implicit risks of partnering between the Federal Government and donors. ‘‘(C) Decision-making and dispute resolu-tion processes. ‘‘(D) Processes for U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, and the General Services Ad-ministration, as applicable, to terminate agreements if selected donors are not meet-ing the terms of any such agreement, includ-ing the security standards established by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in con-sultation with the Administrator of General Services, as applicable, shall— ‘‘(i) establish criteria for evaluating a pro-posal to enter into an agreement under sub-section (a) or (b); and ‘‘(ii) make such criteria publicly available. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Criteria established pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall consider the following: ‘‘(i) The impact of a proposal referred to in such subparagraph on the land, sea, or air port of entry at issue and other ports of entry or similar facilities or other infra-structure near the location of the proposed donation. ‘‘(ii) Such proposal’s potential to increase trade and travel efficiency through added ca-pacity. ‘‘(iii) Such proposal’s potential to enhance the security of the port of entry at issue. ‘‘(iv) For a donation under subsection (b)— ‘‘(I) whether such donation satisfies the re-quirements of such proposal, or whether ad-ditional real property would be required; and ‘‘(II) an explanation of how such donation was acquired, including if eminent domain was used. ‘‘(v) The funding available to complete the intended use of such donation. ‘‘(iv) The costs of maintaining and oper-ating such donation. ‘‘(v) The impact of such proposal on U.S. Customs and Border Protection staffing re-quirements. ‘‘(vi) Other factors that the Commissioner or Administrator determines to be relevant. ‘‘(C) DETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Not later than 180 days after receiving a pro-posal to enter into an agreement under sub-section (a) or (b), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, with the concurrence of the Administrator of General Services, as applicable, shall make a deter-mination to deny or approve such proposal, and shall notify the entity that submitted such proposal of such determination. ‘‘(4) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDING .—Except as required under section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, for real property donations to the Administrator of General Services at a GSA-owned land port of entry, donations made pursuant to subsection (a) and (b) may be used in addition to any other funding for such purpose, including appropriated funds, property, or services. ‘‘(5) R
ETURN OF DONATIONS .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, or the Administrator of General Serv-ices, as applicable, may return any donation made pursuant to subsection (a) or (b). No interest shall be owed to the donor with re-spect to any donation provided under such subsections that is returned pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN FUNDING .—Ex- cept as provided in subsections (a) and (b) re-garding the acceptance of donations, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Administrator of General Services, as applicable, may not, with re-spect to an agreement entered into under ei-ther of such subsections, obligate or expend amounts in excess of amounts that have been appropriated pursuant to any appropriations Act for purposes specified in either of such subsections or otherwise made available for any of such purposes. ‘‘(7) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in collaboration with the Administrator of Gen-eral Services, as applicable, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate an annual report identifying the activities un-dertaken and agreements entered into pursu-ant to subsections (a) and (b). ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as otherwise provided in this section, nothing in this section may be construed as affecting in any manner the responsibilities, duties, or authorities of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection or the General Services Administra-tion. 
‘‘SEC. 483. CURRENT AND PROPOSED AGREE-MENTS. 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle may be construed as affecting in any manner— ‘‘(1) any agreement entered into pursuant to section 560 of division D of the Consoli-dated and Further Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6) or section 559 of title V of division F of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2014 (6 U.S.C. 211 note; Public Law 113–76), as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this subtitle, and any such agreement shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date; or ‘‘(2) a proposal accepted for consideration by U.S. Customs and Border Protection pur-suant to such section 559, as in existence on the day before such date of enactment. ‘‘SEC. 484. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) D
ONOR .—The term ‘donor’ means any entity that is proposing to make a donation under this Act. ‘‘(2) E
NTITY .—The term ‘entity’ means any— ‘‘(A) person; ‘‘(B) partnership, corporation, trust, es-tate, cooperative, association, or any other organized group of persons; ‘‘(C) Federal, State or local government (including any subdivision, agency or instru-mentality thereof); or ‘‘(D) any other private or governmental en-tity.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end of the list of items relating to title IV the following new items: ‘‘Subtitle G—U.S. Customs and Border Protection Public Private Partnerships ‘‘Sec. 481. Fee agreements for certain serv-ices at ports of entry. ‘‘Sec. 482. Port of entry donation authority. ‘‘Sec. 483. Current and proposed agreements. ‘‘Sec. 484. Definitions.’’. (c) R
EPEALS .—Section 560 of division D of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6) and section 559 of title V of division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (6 U.S.C. 211 note; Public Law 113–76) are re-pealed. 
SEC. 5. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF BIO-METRIC IDENTITY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341, et. seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 708. OFFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MAN-AGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Office of Bio-metric Identity Management is established within the Department. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office of Biometric Identity Management shall be administered by the Director of the Office of Biometric Identity Management (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Director’) who shall report to the Secretary, or to another official of the Department, as the Secretary may direct. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS AND DUTIES .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(A) have significant professional manage-ment experience, as well as experience in the field of biometrics and identity manage-ment; ‘‘(B) lead the Department’s biometric iden-tity services to support anti-terrorism, counter-terrorism, border security, credentialing, national security, and public safety and enable operational missions across the Department by matching, storing, sharing, and analyzing biometric data; ‘‘(C) deliver biometric identity information and analysis capabilities to— ‘‘(i) the Department and its components; ‘‘(ii) appropriate Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies; ‘‘(iii) appropriate foreign governments; and ‘‘(iv) appropriate private sector entities; ‘‘(D) support the law enforcement, public safety, national security, and homeland se-curity missions of other Federal, State, local and tribal agencies, as appropriate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1660 April 13, 2016 
‘‘(E) establish and manage the operation and maintenance of the Department’s sole biometric repository; ‘‘(F) establish, manage, and operate Bio-metric Support Centers to provide biometric identification and verification analysis and services to the Department, appropriate Fed-eral, State, local, and tribal agencies, appro-priate foreign governments, and appropriate private sector entities; ‘‘(G) in collaboration with the Undersecre-tary for Science and Technology, establish a Department-wide research and development program to support efforts in assessment, de-velopment, and exploration of biometric ad-vancements and emerging technologies; ‘‘(H) oversee Department-wide standards for biometric conformity, and work to make such standards Government-wide; ‘‘(I) in coordination with the Department’s Office of Policy, and in consultation with relevant component offices and headquarters offices, enter into data sharing agreements with appropriate Federal agencies to support immigration, law enforcement, national se-curity, and public safety missions; ‘‘(J) maximize interoperability with other Federal, State, local, and international bio-metric systems, as appropriate; and ‘‘(K) carry out the duties and powers pre-scribed by law or delegated by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) D
EPUTY DIRECTOR .—There shall be in the Office of Biometric Identity Management a Deputy Director, who shall assist the Di-rector in the management of the Office. ‘‘(d) C
HIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be in the Of-fice of Biometric Identity Management a Chief Technology Officer. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Chief Technology Officer shall— ‘‘(A) ensure compliance with policies, proc-esses, standards, guidelines, and procedures related to information technology systems management, enterprise architecture, and data management; ‘‘(B) provide engineering and enterprise ar-chitecture guidance and direction to the Of-fice of Biometric Identity Management; and ‘‘(C) leverage emerging biometric tech-nologies to recommend improvements to major enterprise applications, identify tools to optimize information technology systems performance, and develop and promote joint technology solutions to improve services to enhance mission effectiveness. ‘‘(e) O
THER AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may estab-lish such other offices within the Office of Biometric Identity Management as the Di-rector determines necessary to carry out the missions, duties, functions, and authorities of the Office. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Director exer-cises the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Director shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate not later than 30 days before ex-ercising such authority.’’. (b) T
RANSFER LIMITATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may not transfer the location or reporting structure of the Office of Biometric Identity Management (estab-lished by section 708 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section) to any component of the De-partment of Homeland Security. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 707 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 708. Office of Biometric Identity Man-agement.’’. SEC. 6. COST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS OF CO-LOCAT-ING OPERATIONAL ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For any location in which U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Air and Marine Operations is based within 45 miles of locations where any other Depart-ment of Homeland Security agency also op-erates air and marine assets, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall conduct a cost- benefit analysis to consider the potential cost of and savings derived from co-locating aviation and maritime operational assets of the respective agencies of the Department. In analyzing such potential cost savings achieved by sharing aviation and maritime facilities, such analysis shall consider, at a minimum, the following factors: (1) Potential enhanced cooperation derived from Department personnel being co-located. (2) Potential costs of, and savings derived through, shared maintenance and logistics facilities and activities. (3) Joint use of base and facility infrastruc-ture, such as runways, hangars, control tow-ers, operations centers, piers and docks, boathouses, and fuel depots. (4) Potential operational costs of co-locat-ing aviation and maritime assets and per-sonnel. (5) Short term moving costs required in order to co-locate facilities. (6) Acquisition and infrastructure costs for enlarging current facilities, as needed. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report summarizing the results of the cost- benefit analysis required under subsection (a) and any planned actions based upon such results. 
SEC. 7. STRATEGIC PERSONNEL PLAN FOR U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION PERSONNEL DEPLOYED ABROAD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days of after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection shall provide to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a three year strategic plan for deployment of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (in this section referred to as ‘‘CBP’’) personnel to locations outside the United States. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A risk-based method for determining expansion of CBP international programs to new locations, given resource constraints. (2) A plan to ensure CBP personnel de-ployed at locations outside the United States have appropriate oversight and support to ensure performance in support of program goals. (3) Information on planned future deploy-ments of CBP personnel for a three year pe-riod, together with corresponding informa-tion on locations for such deployments out-side the United States. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In preparing the plan required under subsection (a), the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion shall consider, and include information on, the following: (1) Existing CBP programs in operation outside of the United States, together with specific information on locations outside the United States in which each such program operates. (2) The number of CBP personnel deployed at each location outside the United States during the preceding fiscal year. SEC. 8. THREAT ASSESSMENT FOR UNITED STATES-BOUND INTERNATIONAL MAIL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate an assess-ment of the security threats posed by United States-bound international mail. 
SEC. 9. EVALUATION OF COAST GUARD DEPLOYABLE SPECIALIZED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that describes and assesses the state of the Coast Guard’s Deployable Specialized Forces (in this section referred to as the ‘‘DSF’’). Such report shall include, at a min-imum, the following elements: (1) For each of the past three fiscal years, and for each type of DSF, the following: (A) A cost analysis, including training, op-erating, and travel costs. (B) The number of personnel assigned. (C) The total number of units. (D) The total number of operations con-ducted. (E) The number of operations requested by each of the following: (i) The Coast Guard. (ii) Other components or offices of the De-partment of Homeland Security. (iii) Other Federal departments or agen-cies. (iv) State agencies. (v) Local agencies. (F) The number of operations fulfilled by the entities specified in subparagraph (E). (2) Mission impact, feasibility, and cost, including potential cost savings, of locating DSF capabilities, including the following scenarios: (A) Combining DSFs, primarily focused on counterdrug operations, under one central-ized command. (B) Distributing counter-terrorism and anti-terrorism capabilities to DSFs in each major United States port. (b) D
EPLOYABLE SPECIALIZED FORCE DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Deployable Specialized Force’’ means a unit of the Coast Guard that serves as a quick reaction force designed to be deployed to handle counter-drug, counter-terrorism, and anti-terrorism operations or other mari-time threats to the United States. 
SEC. 10. CUSTOMS-TRADE PARTNERSHIP AGAINST TERRORISM IMPROVE-MENT. 
(a) C-TPAT E XPORTERS .—Section 212 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 962) is amended by in-serting ‘‘exporters,’’ after ‘‘Importers,’’. (b) R
ECOGNITION OF OTHER COUNTRIES ’ T
RUSTED SHIPPER PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 218 of the Secu-rity and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 968) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 218. RECOGNITION OF OTHER COUNTRIES’ TRUSTED SHIPPER PROGRAMS. 
‘‘Not later than 30 days before signing an arrangement between the United States and a foreign government providing for mutual recognition of supply chain security prac-tices which might result in the utilization of benefits described in section 214, 215, or 216, the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1661 April 13, 2016 
‘‘(1) notify the appropriate congressional committees of the proposed terms of such ar-rangement; and ‘‘(2) determine, in consultation with the Commissioner, that such foreign govern-ment’s supply chain security program pro-vides comparable security as that provided by C-TPAT.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 is amended by amending the item relating to section 218 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 218. Recognition of other countries’ trusted shipper programs.’’. 
SEC. 11. STRATEGIC PLAN TO ENHANCE THE SE-CURITY OF THE INTERNATIONAL SUPPLY CHAIN. 
Paragraph (2) of section 201(g) of the Secu-rity and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 941) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this para-graph and every three years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that con-tains an update of the strategic plan de-scribed in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 12. CONTAINER SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
Subsection (l) of section 205 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 945) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2007,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 270 days after the date of the en-actment of the Border and Maritime Secu-rity Coordination Improvement Act,’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (H) as paragraphs (1) through (8), re-spectively (and by moving the margins of such paragraphs 2 ems to the left); and (3) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 13. TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICA-TION CREDENTIAL WAIVER AND AP-PEALS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘(r) S
ECURING THE TRANSPORTATION WORK-
ERIDENTIFICATION CREDENTIAL AGAINST USE 
BYUNAUTHORIZED ALIENS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration, shall seek to strengthen the integrity of transportation security cards issued under this section against improper access by an individual who is not lawfully present in the United States. ‘‘(2) C
OMPONENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration shall— ‘‘(A) publish a list of documents that will identify non-United States citizen transpor-tation security card applicants and verify the immigration statuses of such applicants by requiring each such applicant to produce a document or documents that dem-onstrate— ‘‘(i) identity; and ‘‘(ii) proof of lawful presence in the United States; and ‘‘(B) enhance training requirements to en-sure that trusted agents at transportation security card enrollment centers receive training to identify fraudulent documents. ‘‘(3) E
XPIRATION .—A transportation secu-rity card issued under this section expires on the date of its expiration or on the date on which the individual to whom such card is issued is no longer lawfully entitled to be present in the United States, whichever is earlier.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall pro-vide to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate information on the following: (1) The average time for the completion of an appeal under the appeals process estab-lished pursuant to paragraph (4) of sub-section (c) of section 70105 of title 46, United States Code. (2) The most common reasons for any delays at each step in such process. (3) Recommendations on how to resolve any such delays as expeditiously as possible. SEC. 14. REPEALS. 
The following provisions of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–347) are repealed: (1) Section 105 (and the item relating to such section in the table of contents of such Act). (2) Subsection (c) of section 108. (3) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of section 121 (6 U.S.C. 921). (4) Section 122 (6 U.S.C. 922) (and the item relating to such section in the table of con-tents of such Act). (5) Section 127 (and the item relating to such section in the table of contents of such Act). (6) Subsection (c) of section 233 (6 U.S.C. 983). (7) Section 235 (6 U.S.C. 984) (and the item relating to such section in the table of con-tents of such Act). (8) Section 701 (and the item relating to such section in the table of contents of such Act). (9) Section 708 (and the item relating to such section in the table of contents of such Act). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
IL-
LER) and the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3586, the Border and Maritime Coordination Improvement Act. I believe that this bill will provide the Department of Homeland Security the tools and the authority to find effi-ciencies to improve operations amongst all of its various components. In 2003, the Department of Homeland Security was cobbled together from 22 different offices and agencies—a very huge logistical and management chal-lenge. We knew that there would be significant growing pains before that agency would function well and as a unified department. Each component of the Department, be it Customs and Border Protection or Immigration and Customs Enforcement or the U.S. Coast Guard, has a tend-ency to sort of operate in their own silo, without the coordination required to make border and maritime security efforts as successful as they should be and can be. This has had a negative effect, actu-ally, on logistics, on communications, and, most importantly, on operations. In an attempt to adopt a better struc-ture with a goal of enhancing border security and maritime security oper-ations, this legislation, Mr. Speaker, authorizes joint task forces on border security. The goal of these task forces is to im-prove border security outcomes, and this legislation provides explicit au-thority to guide the task force oper-ations and to allow this pilot concept to be utilized to secure our borders. While this concept is not unique, we intentionally provided a sunset date for the joint task force authority to give the next administration the oppor-tunity to come back to the Homeland Security Committee and to the next Congress to demonstrate that this or-ganizational structure has really con-tributed to border security, and it is not just simply another layer of bu-reaucracy. The second part of this bill, Mr. Speaker, requires the Department to take a very hard look at potential effi-ciencies in its maritime security ef-forts. During my time as the chair of the Subcommittee on Border and Mari-time Security, we held hearings with CBP that address some of the overlap and the redundancies in the maritime environment, particularly with the units of the Coast Guard and the CBP Air and Marine Operations that, in many cases, are in very close geo-graphic proximity. This bill also requires CBP’s Office of Field Operations, the Air and Marine Operations, and the Coast Guard to evaluate their role in the maritime and supply chain security to ensure that their missions are consistent with our current threats and to find ways to consolidate operations, where possible. We think these steps are commonsense, and I certainly think that they will help save our taxpayers a number of dollars, and, most importantly, im-prove operations and coordinations for our homeland security. Again, finding creative ways to fund the staffing and infrastructure needs at our Nation’s aging ports of entry was really the driving force behind another piece of this legislation, which is the permanent authorization of CBP’s Pub-lic-Private Partnership program, which is also included in this legislation. Allowing public and private sector port of entry operators and others to enter into agreements with CBP to fund small-scale infrastructure expan-sion or to fund overtime needs will im-prove security and, as well, increase the flow of commerce that is so vital to our economy. I want to specifically thank the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1662 April 13, 2016 
will be speaking in just a moment, for offering the amendment, Mr. Speaker, during the markup regarding the au-thorization of public-private partner-ships. His leadership on this issue has been absolutely vital to bringing this legislation to the floor today. I certainly also want to thank Chair-man S
HUSTER and Representative B
ARLETTA from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for working so diligently with us on this particular provision. Lastly, this bill authorizes the De-partment’s Office of Biometric Identity Management, or OBIM as we call it, for the first time. Since 2003, biometrics have been a very important part of the Nation’s border security efforts. The biometric service OBIM provides is not limited to any one component. It is a department and a government-wide asset. For that reason, we believe that it should not be located in a single component, like the CBP, where the in-formation could, again, be siloed to the detriment of other Department of Homeland Security components. In order for biometrics to be used to their very fullest potential, we think we need to appropriately fund and mod-ernize the data systems that power the matching and the collection of biomet-ric information. Mr. Speaker, our borders can and should be secured. We believe that this bill provides a framework to really help organize the Department for suc-cess and to improve the coordination of border and maritime security compo-nents whose job it is to secure our great Nation. Lastly, I would like to also thank the ranking member of our committee, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and the ranking member on our subcommittee, Mr. V
ELA, as well as all of their staffs, for working with us in the spirit of bipartisanship to strengthen our security. I ask our colleagues to support this commonsense bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3586, the Bor-der and Maritime Coordination Im-provement Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, this legislation aims to improve the unity of effort between the various DHS components charged with securing our land and maritime bor-ders. H.R. 3586 also seeks to push out border security to mitigate threats at the earliest possible point. Collabora-tion and cooperation are vital to ensur-ing our efforts are efficient and effec-tive. H.R. 3586 allows the Department to leverage the capabilities of its compo-nents, such as Customs and Border Pro-tection and the U.S. Coast Guard, to improve its approach to our border and maritime security. The bill requires the Department to assess the use of its resources, air and marine assets, and personnel deployed both domestically and abroad in order to identify opportunities to better co-ordinate and streamline its operations and ensure the success of its border and maritime security missions. H.R. 3586 also formally authorizes the DHS Secretary’s Border Security Joint Task Forces, which utilize Department component personnel and capabilities, to secure the land and maritime bor-ders of the United States. These tasks were launched in May of 2014 through the Secretary’s Southern Border and Approaches Campaign and represents a more collaborative ap-proach to border security missions than we have previously seen. H.R. 3586 also authorizes two pro-grams specifically intended to bolster the Department’s ability to identify and prevent threats from entering the United States via commercial air-craft—the Air Cargo Advance Screen-ing pilot and the Immigration Advisory Program. Through these two programs, DHS is able to thoroughly screen and vet cargo and passengers coming to the United States from abroad on commer-cial airplanes and share information with international partners prior to de-parture. There is strong bipartisan support and interest in strengthening and im-proving our border and maritime secu-rity efforts among my colleagues on the Committee on Homeland Security. I urge my colleagues in the House to support H.R. 3586 as well. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. HURD), from the 23rd Congressional District, who actually has 800 miles of the southwest border in his district. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as the representative of dozens of border communities in Texas, I take the obli-gation to stand up for them seriously. Improvements to security are a key portion of this bill. However, I have long maintained that they are not enough and they are not the only part of a successful border strategy. Trade is the lifeblood of many of these communities. Yet, far too often they find themselves relying on ports of entry that are understaffed and out of date. This limits growth and strains the ties of the local communities. In many cases, they want to do more to expand on the Federal resources that currently exist. Public-private partner-ships are key to enabling this. Let me be clear: port of entry infra-structure is a Federal responsibility, but that doesn’t mean that local com-munities and businesses shouldn’t be able to pitch in. Since January 2014, the Public-Pri-vate Partnership pilot program run through the Customs and Border Pro-tection has made a difference. It has enhanced the ability of CBP to increase resources and decrease wait times at ports of entry. This program provides guidance for reimbursable services and allows CBP to tailor its services to the needs of the stakeholders while meet-ing the demands associated with de-creasing budgets. Both CBP and stakeholders have been exceedingly pleased with the re-sults of this pilot program. Unfortu-nately, it could come to an end. In an effort to ensure the longevity of this program, language in the bill permanently authorizes portions of the Public-Private Partnership program for reimbursable services and donation authority and it establishes a frame-work to guide its implementation in a responsible manner. Public-private partnership authority for CBP is a critical issue for border communities like mine and has proven to be an essential tool to reduce wait times at the border and enhance the se-curity of the homeland. I believe that we can secure our border and facilitate the flow of goods and services at the same time. The public-private partner-ships that would be codified by this law will ensure just that. I would like to thank Representative MILLER for her leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. b1430 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 3586 helps enhance the coordina-tion and cooperation among DHS’ bor-der security components, and it au-thorizes integral border security pro-grams that enhance homeland security. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. When we think about some of the re-munerative responsibilities that Mem-bers of Congress have, certainly, secur-ing our border is one of the most im-portant. As we can see by what is hap-pening this year throughout the coun-try, there is an enormous amount of in-terest in making sure that we do se-cure our border. I feel that this piece of legislation is a critical component but that it is not nearly what we need to be doing to secure our border. We would like to see a border security bill come to the floor. At any rate, I think this is a very, very important piece of legisla-tion. Again, it is important to note that this has been a bipartisan effort on this legislation, and I certainly appreciate the consideration and the work that we have achieved together, both Demo-crats and Republicans, as we have worked to secure our borders. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3586. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, and former ranking member of its Bor-der and Maritime Security Subcommittee, I rise in support of H.R. 3586, the ‘‘Border and Maritime Coordination Improvement Act.’’ Our Nation has thousands of miles of coast-lines, lakes, and rivers and hundreds of ports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.036 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1663 April 13, 2016 
that provide opportunities for legitimate travel, trade, and recreation. There are currently 328 ports of entry to the U.S., including 167 land ports of entry with Canada and Mexico, staffed by approximately 21,000 CBP officers in the U.S. and abroad. There are more people and goods coming through our ports of entry than ever before. Last fiscal year, CBP inspected more than 360 million travelers at our air, land, and sea ports of entry. Since 2009, we have seen growth in both trade and travel. In Fiscal Year 2013, total passenger volume was 6.4% higher and total import value was nearly 40% higher than in Fiscal Year 2011. Houston’s George Bush International and the William P. Hobby Airports are vital hubs for domestic and international air travel: 1. Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through Wil-liam P. Hobby (HOU); 2. More than 650 daily departures occur at IAH; 3. IAH is the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for total passenger traffic; and 4. IAH has 12 all-cargo airlines that handled more than 419,205 metric tons of cargo in 2012. It was reported in October 2015 that the William P. Hobby Airport has opened a new 280,000 ft complex that includes 5 gates for its international concourse in an effort to re-es-tablish the airport’s daily international air serv-ice. The addition is expected to support travel service for nearly 7,500 international pas-sengers and 25 departing flights a day. At the same time, these waterways offer op-portunities for terrorists and their instruments, drug smugglers, and undocumented persons to enter our country. Protecting the nation’s border—land, air, and sea—from illegal entry of people, weap-ons, drugs, and contraband is vital to our homeland security, as well as economic pros-perity. The Border and Maritime Coordination Im-provement Act: Creates an office of Biometric Identity Man-agement; Establishes the Border Security Joint Task Forces in the East, West and for investiga-tions; Updates the Maritime Operations Coordina-tion Plan; Establishes an Asset Development for the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Office of Air and Marine; Secures the Transportation Worker Identi-fication credential against use by unauthorized aliens; Creates a cost-benefit analysis of co-locat-ing operational entities; Evaluates the Coast Guard Deployable Spe-cialized Forces; Constructs an evaluation of Coast Guard Deployable Specialized Forces; and Establishes a Customs-Trade Partnership against Terrorism Improvement among other important changes. I support this legislation because it will help protect the integrity of our borders and the se-curity of our homeland. H.R. 3586 provides specific responsibilities for the Undersecretary to establish and oper-ate the newly implemented departmental Joint Task Forces and appointing the directors to those joint task forces. Under H.R. 3586, the Joint Task Force— East and Joint Task Force—West is to exe-cute a strategic plan to secure the land and maritime borders, which will coordinate crimi-nal investigations supporting such task forces. The bill also directs the the DHS to estab-lish additional Joint Task Forces to: 1. coordinate operations along the northern border; 2. prevent and respond to homeland secu-rity crises; 3. establish other regionally based oper-ations; and 4. combat cybersecurity. The smuggling of illicit drugs, illegal immi-grants, and contraband weapons over the Texas border is a major problem that needs to be addressed. Approximately 1 million passengers and pe-destrians cross the Texas border on a daily basis; of these, on average 23 of these per-sons are wanted for arrest. H.R. 3586 is a positive step in the right di-rection and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting its passage. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3586, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SOUTHWEST BORDER SECURITY THREAT ASSESSMENT ACT OF 2016 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4482) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a south-west border threat analysis, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4482 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Southwest Border Security Threat Assessment Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SOUTHWEST BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a southwest border threat analysis that includes the fol-lowing: (1) An assessment of current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by indi-viduals and organized groups seeking to— (A) unlawfully enter the United States through the southwest border; or (B) exploit security vulnerabilities along the southwest border. (2) An assessment of improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the southwest border to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (3) An assessment of gaps in law, policy, and coordination between State, local, or tribal law enforcement, international agree-ments, or tribal agreements that hinder ef-fective and efficient border security, counterterrorism, and anti-human smug-gling and trafficking efforts. (4) An assessment of the flow of legitimate trade along the southwest border. (5) An assessment of the current percent-age of situational awareness achieved by the Department of Homeland Security along the southwest border. (6) An assessment of the current percent-age of operational control (as such term is defined in section 2 of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109– 367)) achieved by the Department of Home-land Security of the southwest. (7) An assessment of impact of trusted traveler programs on border wait times and border security. (8) An assessment of traveler crossing times and any potential security vulner-ability associated with prolonged wait times. (b) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the southwest border threat analysis required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Home-land Security shall consider and examine the following: (1) Technology needs and challenges, in-cluding such needs and challenges identified as a result of previous investments that have not fully realized the security and oper-ational benefits that were sought. (2) Personnel needs and challenges, includ-ing such needs and challenges associated with recruitment and hiring. (3) Infrastructure needs and challenges. (4) The roles and authorities of State, local, and tribal law enforcement in general border security activities. (5) The status of coordination among Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, and Mexican law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity. (6) The terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the southwest border. (7) International agreements between the United States and Mexico related to border security. (c) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the southwest border threat analysis required under subsection (a) in unclassified form. The Secretary may sub-mit a portion of such threat analysis in clas-sified form if the Secretary determines such is appropriate. 
SEC. 3. BORDER PATROL STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the submission of the threat analysis required under section 2 but not later than June 30, 2017, and every five years thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chief of U.S. Border Patrol, shall, in consultation with the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment of Homeland Security, issue a Bor-der Patrol Strategic Plan. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The Border Patrol Stra-tegic Plan required under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, a consideration of the following: (1) The southwest border threat analysis required under section 2, with an emphasis on efforts to mitigate threats identified in such threat analysis. (2) Efforts to analyze and disseminate bor-der security and border threat information between Department of Homeland Security border security components and with other appropriate Federal departments and agen-cies with missions associated with the bor-der. (3) Efforts to increase situational aware-ness, including the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.020 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1664 April 13, 2016 
(A) Surveillance capabilities, including ca-pabilities developed or utilized by the De-partment of Defense, and any appropriate technology determined to be excess by the Department of Defense. (B) Use of manned aircraft and unmanned aerial systems, including camera and sensor technology deployed on such assets. (4) Efforts to detect and prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States. (5) Efforts to detect, interdict, and disrupt aliens and illicit drugs at the earliest pos-sible point. (6) Efforts to focus intelligence collection to disrupt transnational criminal organiza-tions outside of the international and mari-time borders of the United States. (7) Efforts to ensure that any new border security technology can be operationally in-tegrated with existing technologies in use by the Department of Homeland Security. (8) Technology required to maintain, sup-port, and enhance security and facilitate trade at ports of entry, including nonintru-sive detection equipment, radiation detec-tion equipment, biometric technology, sur-veillance systems, and other sensors and technology that the Secretary of Homeland Security determines necessary. (9) Operational coordination unity of effort initiatives of the border security components of the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding any relevant task forces of the De-partment. (10) Lessons learned from Operation Jumpstart and Operation Phalanx. (11) Cooperative agreements and informa-tion sharing with State, local, tribal, terri-torial, and other Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the north-ern or southern border. (12) Border security information received from consultation with State, local, tribal, territorial, and Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the north-ern or southern border, or in the maritime environment, and from border community stakeholders (including through public meet-ings with such stakeholders), including rep-resentatives from border agricultural and ranching organizations and representatives from business and civic organizations along the northern or southern border. (13) Staffing requirements for all depart-mental border security functions. (14) A prioritized list of departmental re-search and development objectives to en-hance the security of the southwest border. (15) An assessment of training programs, including training programs regarding the following: (A) Identifying and detecting fraudulent documents. (B) Understanding the scope of enforce-ment authorities and the use of force poli-cies. (C) Screening, identifying, and addressing vulnerable populations, such as children and victims of human trafficking. (16) An assessment of how border security operations affect crossing times. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘‘situational awareness’’ means a knowledge and unified understanding of unlawful cross- border activity, including threats and trends concerning illicit trafficking and unlawful crossings (which may be used to forecast fu-ture shifts in such threats and trends), and the operational capability to conduct contin-uous and integrated surveillance of the international borders of the United States. (2) S
OUTHWEST BORDER .—The term ‘‘south-west border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Mex-ico. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today, we are considering a critical piece of legislation that would require the Department of Homeland Security to conduct a full assessment of the threats that are coming across our southern border. Evaluating our border threats regu-larly seems like common sense, espe-cially given the ever-evolving nature of cartel and smuggling activity; yet DHS has not conducted a systematic threat assessment of our southern border in over 20 years. A lot has changed since then. Southern Arizonans know well that our border is not secure. Transnational criminal organizations are trafficking drugs, money, people, and weapons into and through our communities. This poses a significant public safety risk and national security threat. For my constituents, this is not just an ab-stract issue but is something that is a part of their everyday lives. The brave men and women of the Border Patrol do all they can with the tools they are provided, but they are restricted by outdated strategies and political leadership that does not have the resolve to let agents do what they do best—secure the border. In addition, not only is our strategy based off of outdated information, but the metrics used to measure that strategy are in-consistent and incomplete. The last time DHS measured security along the border, which was in 2010, a mere 44 percent of it was under oper-ational control. Recently, DHS claimed they have been over 80 percent effec-tive along the border; yet the best ana-lytical research, using all available data, puts the true probability of ap-prehension much closer to 50 percent. Likewise, a month ago, in a hearing I led as the chairwoman of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, the Border Patrol confirmed they have only a little over 50 percent situational awareness of the border. That means, of illicit activity coming across our, roughly, 2,000-mile southern border, we only know of a little over half of it. We will never secure the border unless we have a full awareness of where we are getting beat by the cartels. The first step to fixing something is actually understanding the problem. My bill requires a full assessment of the threats along our southern border, including where we have vulnerabili-ties, where we can better leverage tech-nology, and what percentage of situa-tional awareness and operational con-trol we have. Once we understand and identify the gaps in our defenses, then we can develop a better plan to address those shortfalls through a change of strategy that modifies how we deploy agents, technology, and infrastructure. That is why my bill also requires the U.S. Border Patrol to design a new strategic plan that is based on a new threat analysis required by this bill. Mr. Speaker, there is always a lot of talk about securing the border here in Washington, D.C. It is time to actually take some action. This bill is a critical first step in building trust in our sys-tem and in our ability to accurately measure illicit activity along the bor-der and respond to it. I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4482, the Southwest Border Security Threat As-sessment Act of 2016. H.R. 4482 would help enhance the De-partment of Homeland Security’s bor-der security efforts by enhancing DHS’ understanding of the relevant vulnera-bilities and capabilities and by requir-ing a strategic plan to ensure border security personnel, technology, and in-frastructure resources are being used to their fullest. Specifically, the bill would require the Secretary of Homeland Security to assess vulnerabilities and capabilities on the southwest border to help counter threats and illegal activities. The assessment is to include an anal-ysis of the improvements needed at and between the ports of entry; gaps in law and policy between State, local, and tribal law enforcement and inter-national agreements that hinder border security efforts; the flow of legitimate trade along the southwest border; and the percentage of situational aware-ness and operational control achieved by DHS in the region. The bill also re-quires the Chief of the Border Patrol to issue a Border Patrol Strategic Plan every 5 years based on this assessment. Last month, the bill was reported to the House by the Committee on Home-land Security after the inclusion of provisions that were offered by the ranking member, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), in order to strengthen an already good, common-sense bill. H.R. 4482 would help the DHS and the Border Patrol, in particular, to under-stand and to mitigate border security threats, to improve coordination and cooperation between DHS’ border secu-rity components and partners, and to increase situational awareness along the border. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4482. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.021 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1665 April 13, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 4482. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4482, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STATE AND HIGH-RISK URBAN AREA WORKING GROUP ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4509) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to clarify member-ship of State planning committees or urban area working groups for the Homeland Security Grant Program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4509 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ADMINISTRATION AND COORDINATION OF CERTAIN DHS GRANTS. 
Subsection (b) of section 2021 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 611) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) P
LANNING COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any State or high-risk urban area receiving a grant under section 2003 or 2004 shall establish a State planning committee or urban area working group to assist in preparation and revision of the State, regional, or local homeland security plan or the threat and hazard identification and risk assessment, as the case may be, and to assist in determining effective funding priorities for grants under such sections. ‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The State planning committees and urban area working groups referred to in paragraph (1) shall include at least one representative from each of the fol-lowing significant stakeholders: ‘‘(i) Local or tribal government officials. ‘‘(ii) Emergency response providers, which shall include representatives of the fire serv-ice, law enforcement, emergency medical services, and emergency managers. ‘‘(iii) Public health officials and other ap-propriate medical practitioners. ‘‘(iv) Individuals representing educational institutions, including elementary schools, community colleges, and other institutions of higher education. ‘‘(v) State and regional interoperable com-munications coordinators, as appropriate. ‘‘(vi) State and major urban area fusion centers, as appropriate. ‘‘(B) G
EOGRAPHIC REPRESENTATION .—The members of the State planning committee or urban area working group, as the case may be, shall be a representative group of individ-uals from the counties, cities, towns, and In-dian tribes within the State or high-risk urban area, including, as appropriate, rep-resentatives of rural, high-population, and high-threat jurisdictions. ‘‘(3) EXISTING PLANNING COMMITTEES .— Nothing in this subsection may be construed to require that any State or high-risk urban area create a State planning committee or urban area working group, as the case may be, if that State or high-risk urban area has established and uses a multijurisdictional planning committee or commission that meets the requirements of this subsection.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I rise in support of H.R. 4509, the State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act, which was introduced by the subcommittee’s ranking member, Congressman P
AYNE . The Homeland Security Act requires States and urban areas that are receiv-ing State Homeland Security Grant Program and Urban Areas Security Ini-tiative funds to have planning commit-tees to determine how to efficiently and effectively expend these funds. H.R. 4509 expands the stakeholders who are required to be involved in these committees to include representatives from public health, educational insti-tutions, fusion centers, and interoper-ability coordinators, as appropriate. In New York City, the New York City Police Department, the FDNY, emer-gency management, and public health, along with other partners, work to-gether to ensure that these grant funds provide the biggest return on invest-ment for the city’s security. Time and again, these officials have told me how important these funds are to their abil-ity to ensure the security of millions of residents, commuters, and visitors in the city each day. They have used these funds to train personnel, to con-duct exercises, and to procure heli-copters, fireboats, cameras, and radi-ation detection equipment. This funding is vital now more than ever. Securing high-risk urban areas, like New York City, becomes more challenging every day considering the fact that we are at our highest threat level since the September 11 terrorist attacks. That is why it is so out-rageous that the President’s fiscal year 2017 budget proposes to cut more than $500 million from grants to support States, localities, ports, and transit systems. The Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Commu-nications held a hearing last month on the proposed cuts. We heard from rep-resentatives of emergency manage-ment, law enforcement, the fire serv-ice, and fusion centers. They all had the same message: these grants have made a difference, and cutting them now would have disastrous effects on their ability to prevent, to prepare for, and to respond to terrorist attacks. Not only would they be unable to make new security investments, but the in-vestments they have made since 9/11 would be eroded. In this threat envi-ronment, this is not the time to back away from our support of our Nation’s first responders. Mr. Speaker, the States and urban areas that are receiving Homeland Se-curity grant funding take their respon-sibilities to secure their areas very se-riously. They diligently work through the planning committees that are dis-cussed in this bill in order to make sure they make sound investments to secure their jurisdictions. The Presi-dent must take the security of these jurisdictions equally as seriously and fund these programs accordingly. I support the passage of H.R. 4509. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4509, the State and High-Risk Urban Area Work-ing Group Act. Before I begin my statement, I would like to support the comments made by my chairman in his being very con-cerned about the cuts to the grant that have been proposed. b1630 Mr. Speaker, I represent the 10th Congressional District of the State of New Jersey. Communities throughout my district from Newark to Jersey City have built robust capabilities to prevent, protect against, and respond to terrorist attacks and natural disas-ters with State Homeland Security grants and the Urban Areas Security Initiative funding. I am proud of the progress New Jer-sey has made in preparing and pro-tecting against terrorist attacks with these important grant dollars. I cannot stress enough the critical role these funds play in my district’s ability to protect itself from terrorist attacks and natural disasters. Over the past 3
1⁄2years, I have served as the ranking member of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Emer-gency Preparedness Subcommittee. In this capacity, I have seen the benefits realized across the Nation from DHS’ Homeland Security Grant Program. With this funding, State and local governments equip first responders with the much-needed protective equipment and emergency communica-tions technologies as well. These 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.040 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1666 April 13, 2016 
grants also help jurisdictions develop and exercise disaster response plans. These activities facilitate important relationships among the individuals and entities that play critical roles in disaster prevention and response. As successful as DHS’ Homeland Se-curity Grant Programs have been, how-ever, more needs to be done to ensure those who are responsible for the var-ious aspects of the disaster response plan, train, and exercise together be-fore a disaster strikes. Indeed, Save the Children testified before my subcommittee about the dis-connect in some communities between emergency planners and school dis-tricts and childcare facilities. A GAO report I requested with former subcommittee chair S
USAN  B
ROOKS released earlier this week re-vealed that about 68 percent of school districts surveyed incorporate the dis-trict emergency management plans into the broader community’s emer-gency management plan. That is good progress, but we must do better. The State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act seeks to build upon the relationships that the State Home-land Security Grant Programs and the Urban Areas Security Initiative facili-tate and to ensure decisionmakers have a complete understanding of a commu-nity’s vulnerabilities so that invest-ments can be prioritized appropriately. H.R. 4509 would facilitate the whole community approach to disaster plan-ning by identifying key players to be included in the State planning commit-tee’s Urban Area Working Groups. From firefighters and police to med-ical community and school officials, H.R. 4509 would ensure that the right people are at the table when decisions are made about how Federal Homeland Security Grant funds are to be spent at the State and local levels. H.R. 4509 was approved by the Com-mittee on Homeland Security by voice vote, and similar language was ap-proved in a larger package late last year. The legislation also has the support of the Security Industry Association, and I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Association. 
SECURITY INDUSTRY ASSOCIATION , March 22, 2016. Hon. D
ONALD PAYNE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE PAYNE : On behalf of the Security Industry Association (SIA), and its more than 600 corporate members, I would like to express our strong support for H.R. 4509, the State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act, which clarifies the roles and responsibilities of state planning committees and urban area working groups under the Homeland Security Grant Pro-gram. H.R. 4509 amends Title 6 U.S.C. 611 to in-clude additional stakeholder representation in committees and working groups that set local priorities for grants awarded through the Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI) and the State Homeland Security Grant Pro-gram (SHSGP). We believe this is critical in light of recent attacks and broader terrorist threats against vulnerable targets such as schools and workplaces, and the desire of state and local governments to provide addi-tional protections and response capabilities. SIA and its members believe that the in-clusion of educational facilities, emergency communications coordinators and fusion centers will help improve state and local homeland security grant planning processes as they are aligned with evolving threats. SIA members have assisted many home-land security grantees with technology solu-tions essential to securing critical infra-structure such as maritime ports and air-ports, schools, power generation and trans-mission systems, hospitals, factories, transit systems, and governmental buildings. SIA urges swift consideration of H.R. 4509 by the House Homeland Security Committee, and on the House floor. We stand ready to provide any further information you may need. Thank you for your time and attention to this important matter. Sincerely, DONERICKSON , CEO, Security Industry Association. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4509, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. If the gentleman from New Jersey has no other speak-ers, I am prepared to close once the gentleman does. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4509. I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for his as-tuteness, along with Mr. W
ALDEN , for a very important initiative. Having been on the Homeland Secu-rity Committee since the tragic ter-rorist attack against the United States, I have watched the formation of this department and the issues that are important to secure America. I have lived through various proc-esses and various disasters that are not terrorist related to know how impor-tant these grants overall are. The grants, in particular, that are dealing with this bill in planning com-mittee are extremely important to add to the planning committee those indi-viduals who are beyond the very able work of our firefighters and police offi-cers. Those are first responders. But it is very important to engage the com-munity, such as schools, medical pro-fessions, and beyond. I hope, as this legislation passes, we will also look to having on the plan-ning committee some of the leaders on Homeland Security issues that are in our community. For example, I have an individual by the name of Charles X. White who has led issues on homeland security for a very long time. His activism created an opportunity for there to be a homeland security specialty and discipline at Texas Southern University because the community is involved, involved on issues of evacuation, involved on issues of restoration, involved on issues of making sure funding gets to those nec-essary entities that may not be known on a global sense and, when I say that, in a countywide, city-wide, or state-wide sense. They provide the insight into neigh-borhoods. I think it is important that, as this bill makes its way, its interpre-tation will be that we add community leaders who are the kind of persons who are engaged with the day-to-day goings-on of neighborhoods, knowing how important it is for them to be heard during times of a terrorist act or any other disaster to be restored. Again, I am grateful for this legisla-tion and the leadership of Mr. PAYNE  and Mr. W
ALDEN . I ask my colleagues to enthusiastically support this legisla-tion. To those who may be engaged all around America with preparedness, it is important, of course, to have every aspect of our community involved in these planning committees so that their voices can be heard on how best to heal, to solve, and to restore after a tragedy has occurred in our local com-munities. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4482, a legislation that will require an analysis of the Southwest Border Threat from the Secretary of Homeland Security and a Border Patrol Strategic Plan from the Chief of the Border Patrol. I support this legislation as a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and Investigations; I believe that Con-gress can and should do more to ensure the safety of our southern border from terrorism and criminal threats. My service in the House of Representatives has focused on making sure that our nation is secure and prosperous. The U.S. has thousands of miles of coast-lines, lakes, and rivers and hundreds of ports that provide opportunities for legitimate travel, trade, and recreation. Ports serve as America’s gateway to the global economy since the nation’s economic prosperity rests on the ability of containerized and bulk cargo arriving unimpeded at U.S. ports to support the rapid delivery system that underpins the manufacturing and retail sec-tors. A central component of national security is the ability of our international ports to move goods in and out of the country. According to the Department of Commerce in 2012, Texas exports totaled $265 billion. In 2012, ship channel-related businesses contributed 1,026,820 jobs and generated more than $178.5 billion in statewide eco-nomic activity. The Port of Houston is a 25-mile-long com-plex of diversified public and private facilities located just a few hours’ sailing time from the Gulf of Mexico. In 2014, the Port of Houston was ranked among U.S. ports: 1st in foreign tonnage; 1st among Texas ports with 46% of market share by tonnage and 95% market share in containers by total TEUS in 2014; 1st among Gulf Coast container ports, han-dling 67% of U.S. Gulf Coast container traffic in 2014; and 2nd in U.S. ports in terms of total foreign cargo value (based on U.S. Dept. of Com-merce, Bureau of Census). The Government Accountability Office (GAO), reports that the Port of Houston and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.043 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1667 April 13, 2016 
its waterways and vessels, are part of an eco-nomic engine handling more than $700 billion in cargo annually. The Port of Houston houses approximately 100 steamship lines offering services that link Houston with 1,053 ports in 203 countries. The Port of Houston is home to a $15 billion petrochemical complex, the largest in the na-tion and second largest in the world. With the nation’s largest petrochemical com-plex supplying over 40 percent of the nation’s base petrochemical manufacturing capacity, what happens at the Port of Houston affects the entire nation. At the same time, these waterways offer op-portunities for terrorists and their instruments, drug smugglers, and undocumented persons to enter our country. U.S. seaports, like the Port of Houston, are vulnerable to terrorist attacks. H.R. 4482 will require the Secretary of Homeland Security to analyze and assess the southwest border threat: Terrorism and criminal threats seeking un-lawful entrance to the U.S. through the south-west border or exploiting border vulnerabilities; Improvements needed in border ports to prevent the entrance of terrorism into the U.S.; Law, policy, cooperation between state, local or tribal law enforcement, international or tribal agreements that hinder effective and effi-cient border security, counterterrorism, anti- human smuggling and trafficking efforts and legitimate trade along the southwest border; Current percentage of situational awareness and operational control of U.S. borders achieved by DHS of international land and maritime borders of the U.S. H.R. 4482 will require the Chief of the Bor-der Patrol to issue by March 1, 2017, and every five years after, a Border Patrol Stra-tegic Plan: Evaluation of southwest border threat anal-ysis; Assessment of principal border security threats; Efforts to focus intelligence collection to dis-rupt transnational criminal organizations out-side of U.S. borders; Ensure new border security technology can be operationally integrated with existing DHS technologies; Technology required to maintain, support, and enhance security and facilitate trade at ports of entry; Cooperative agreements and information sharing with state, local, and federal law en-forcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the northern and southern borders; Prioritized list of research and development objective to enhance the security of borders; Assessment of training programs for detect-ing fraudulent documents, understanding scope of enforcement authorities and the use of force policies, and screening, identifying, and addressing vulnerable populations; Assessment of how border security oper-ations affect crossing times. Let me close by reminding my colleagues that earlier this year we passed the Northern Border Security Act, which secured our border with Canada. Now it is time to protect our Southern Bor-der, therefore I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 4482. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time to close. Time and time again, we have learned the true value of Homeland Se-curity grant dollars comes from the re-lationships built through planning, training, and exercises that are done in these communities. H.R. 4509 would facilitate the whole community approach to disaster re-sponse and planning by adopting a more inclusive definition of emergency response. I would like to thank my colleagues on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity as well as the Security Industry Association for their support. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4509. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4509, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TREATING SMALL AIRPORTS WITH FAIRNESS ACT OF 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4549) to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-duct security screening at certain air-ports, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4549 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Treating Small Airports with Fairness Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CONDUCT OF SECURITY SCREENING BY THE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION AT CERTAIN AIR-PORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall provide for security screening to be conducted by the Transportation Security Administration at, and provide all necessary staff and equipment to, any airport— (1) that lost commercial air service on or after January 1, 2013; and (2) the operator of which, following the loss described in paragraph (1), submits to the Administrator— (A) a request for security screening to be conducted at such airport by the Transpor-tation Security Administration; and (B) written confirmation of a commitment from a commercial air carrier— (i) that such air carrier intends to resume commercial air service at such airport; and (ii) to resume such service not later than the date that is one year after the date of the submission of the request under subpara-graph (A). (b) D
EADLINE .—Subject to the one-year limitation described in subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii), the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration shall en-sure that the process of implementing secu-rity screening by the Transportation Secu-rity Administration at an airport described in subsection (a) is complete not later than the later of— (1) the date that is 90 days after the date on which the operator of such airport sub-mits to the Administrator a request for such screening under paragraph (2)(A) of such sub-section; or (2) the date on which the commercial air carrier that is the subject of such a request intends to resume commercial air service at such airport. (c) EFFECTS ON OTHER AIRPORTS .—The Ad- ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall carry out this section in a manner that does not negatively affect operations at airports not described in this section that are otherwise provided security screening conducted by the Transportation Security Administration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
ALKER ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As a Representative, I love fighting for the little guy, battling the bureauc-racy on behalf of those who can’t. Today I am fighting for the little air-ports. I think that the people who are de-pendent on small airports in order to travel and conduct business deserve the same security that those at larger air-ports get. And this isn’t just about se-curity. It is about jobs and the econ-omy. In the past 3 years, nearly 30 airports across the country have lost commer-cial service. This wreaks havoc on the local economy and, ultimately, the community. In at least six of these cases, airlines have reevaluated and sought to return at a later date. Unfortunately, in many cases, even if it has only been several months, TSA has already removed their resources from the airports and have refused to return. The irony is that many of these airports have simultaneously been awarded funding by the U.S. Depart-ment of Transportation in order to re-gain and promote commercial air serv-ice. While one Federal agency agrees to invest in getting the airport up and going, another Federal agency is refus-ing to provide security screening. This makes no sense from a budgetary standpoint and is simply unfair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.028 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1668 April 13, 2016 
These airports are located in impor-tant cities. For example, Del Rio is home to Laughlin Air Force Base, nu-merous DHS facilities, and a growing community that facilitates inter-national trade between the U.S. and Mexico. Given the national and homeland se-curity-related institutions serviced di-rectly by the Del Rio airport and the potential boost to the economy, it only makes sense to provide basic screening. Del Rio, Texas, is not alone. This is playing out across the country from New Jersey to California. By screening these passengers at the point of origin, we are further decreasing wait times at our larger hub airports. The bill is a bipartisan effort and has passed out of the Homeland Security Committee with unanimous support. Equally bipartisan companion legisla-tion with the exact same language has been included in the Senate’s FAA re-authorization, which passed out of committee unanimously as well. We are all in agreement that this is an important step towards achieving economic and national security. I want to thank my fellow Members, Rep-resentatives W
ALDEN , DEFAZIO, LUM-
MIS, KILMER , and D AVIS, who cospon-sored this piece of legislation. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4549, the Treating Small Airports with Fairness Act of 2016. Under this act, TSA would be re-quired to provide staffing and screen-ing equipment to any airport that lost commercial air service on or after Jan-uary 1, 2013, if the operator submits a request to TSA together with a written commitment from a commercial air carrier that such carrier intends to re-sume service at such airport not later than 1 year after the date on which the request is submitted. It is my understanding that, without this legislation or alternative meas-ures, should commercial service return to the affected airports, the passengers who depart the airport would fly unscreened to their destination and be subject to security screening upon ar-rival if they have to connect to another destination via commercial air flight. The potential universe of airports that are believed to be implicated by this legislation is over 20, but there are at least 6 airports that are expected to pursue Federal screening operations. b1500 As a member of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I believe that it is important that passengers under-go a security screening before boarding commercial flights. As we have heard from TSA and var-ious media reports, this travel season is expected to be the busiest in many years. One of the factors contributing to the long wait times at airports across the Nation is the lack of ade-quate staffing. During consideration of this measure in committee, the committee approved an amendment offered by the ranking member, Mr. THOMPSON , to ensure that when TSA acts to implement this law and provides screening services to new airports, they do not do so at the ex-pense of other airports in the system. If TSA does this right and manages its staffing resources in a thoughtful and holistic manner, there is no reason for other airports to be negatively im-pacted. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN), the principal author of this legis-lation, a gentleman who has been fight-ing for small communities and commu-nities all over the country. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman H
URDfor his lead-ership on this issue. I want to thank as well the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), and the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for helping us out on this, and certainly Chairman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL. This answer by the TSA makes no sense from a security standpoint and hurts our smaller communities that may go from time to time without air service but clamor for air service. If you are a big airport and you lose a carrier, you probably have several oth-ers there serving the people of that area. If you are a small airport and you have one carrier, as is the case in Klamath Falls, Oregon, in June of 2014, when SkyWest pulled out, they had no other carriers, so they immediately began to seek additional air service. The city of Klamath Falls acted dili-gently. They recruited a new partner, Peninsula Airways, in July of 2015, so like a year later they had somebody in line and everything was working out. They go to TSA, and TSA says: No, we are not coming back. Their answer was to reverse screen. I said: Well, what is that? Well, that means you board the 28- or 30-passenger airplane with all your lug-gage, everything else, and then you fly—in this case 236 miles north to Portland, Oregon, Oregon’s largest city—then you deplane on the tarmac, and you come back through like you had just driven up. Well, that is an interesting way to provide security for the Nation’s com-munities and airplanes because that means you have flown right up the en-tire length of Oregon, from the Cali-fornia border down here in Klamath Falls all the way to Portland. Now, let me put that in an East Coast perspective for you. That would be like boarding a plane in Raleigh- Durham International Airport down in Raleigh, North Carolina, and then you would fly all the way up to Reagan Washington National Airport, up to DCA here. Actually, we go 4 miles far-ther in Oregon, but we will leave that aside for the moment, 232 miles versus 236. Then you get off the airplane here at Reagan National, and then we will screen you. We will find out what you are carrying, what is in your bags, and then we will put you on a connecting flight. Does anybody think that is good se-curity? Does anybody think that peo-ple who want to do us harm aren’t going to figure that gaping hole out? Portland International Airport was willing to work with us, but it made no sense. So we pleaded with TSA: Can’t you come back? You were here before. It won’t take much. And they basically said no. And that is what brings us here today. For our Nation’s security, for the economic se-curity of our small communities, we need to pass this bipartisan legislation. On a side note, the Nation’s only F– 15 training unit is in Klamath Falls at Kingsley Airfield. So our F–15 pilots have to come out now, and rather than fly into Klamath Falls, they have to fly into an airport that is at least, well, on a bad day probably 2 hours over the mountains, and then come over. So we are paying all that extra transportation cost, we are paying ho-tels, everything else, delaying their ac-cess to training, and that doesn’t make sense, either. So let’s be safe and secure. Let’s be smart and prudent. Let’s pass this leg-islation and allow our communities to have the air service they need and our country to have the security that we demand. This is commonsense legisla-tion that we need to pass. I thank both sides of the aisle for their great work on this with us. Together, we are going to do the right policy even when TSA wouldn’t. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me the time and for his support of the bill. I thank the majority side also. I don’t represent the area where this airport is located, but G
REG WALDEN  and I represent two of the largest dis-tricts, geographically speaking, in Con-gress. The problems that are created by the lack of air service to Klamath Falls, the gentleman has already well documented. It is about a 4-hour drive to Portland, which is the nearest place where you can get a variety of hubbed destinations out of there. Flying a plane into the Portland metropolitan area, twin-engine, fairly heavy plane with no screening and no security, de-fies common sense. Now, unfortunately, I was principal, after 9/11, with J
OHNMICAin creating TSA, and there are days when we have concerns and regrets, and this is cer-tainly one of them. It was not our in-tent to create an agency that could dictate who could and couldn’t have air service. That is not within TSA’s scope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.047 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1669 April 13, 2016 
of jurisdiction. This is outrageous that they would try to deny this. Remember, TSA, you can’t lobby Congress. But I hear they have been lobbying in some phone calls, saying: this will cost $50 million; it will take away service from your airport, which is why the committee said they can’t take it away. No, these are going to be part-time screeners. Klamath Falls has even of-fered to hire private screeners. TSA says no. TSA is giving away equip-ment, surplusing equipment that is still perfectly functional for an airport like Klamath Falls, so there is no cost involved there. At worst, they are going to have a few part-time screeners and they are going to have to move the surplus equipment there and plug it back in. This isn’t going to cost mil-lions of dollars. This is, plain and simple, a common-sense approach to how we will make our entire system safer and also pro-vide what small cities need. Airports are a critical, critical factor in eco-nomic development and recruitment for small cities across the western United States. When you have a willing partner, a growing airline, PenAir, that has signed a commitment to come back in and provide service, as they do for some communities in my district, then it is not the place of the TSA to say, oh, no, hold it up, sorry, can’t do that. PenAir probably wouldn’t even be willing to provide the service without screening because what would their li-ability be if they are flying unscreened passengers on a commercial airline? I am not even sure what the FAA would have to say about that. This is absolutely outrageous, and it is just absurd that Congress has to step in and act to rectify this misguided step by the TSA, but by passing this bill, we will. I recommend this bill to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ). Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate my colleagues from Texas and across the Nation who, as I have dis-covered with this bill, have similar problems. In my particular case, it is the city of Salina, Kansas, which is lo-cated only 100 miles from the closest hub, and it has long provided valuable air service either to Kansas City or a little bit farther to Denver. Due to cir-cumstances beyond Salina’s control, just in January their air carrier stopped providing flights from Salina, and TSA obviously withdrew screening services. However, just a few weeks later—just a few weeks later—the airport and Great Lakes Airlines reached an excit-ing agreement to restore air service to and from Salina. As we have heard the same story, the airport sent a request to TSA asking them to reinstate screening services—again, this is just a few weeks after they had ended the services—to begin these much-needed flights. Shortly thereafter, without adequate explanation, TSA, of course as we have heard, denied the request. I soon learned from other airports, other com-munities across America that I wasn’t alone. Other airports located predomi-nantly in rural communities, in nearly identical situations, were also being denied screening services. Perhaps most troubling to me—and I heard a lot of troubling testimony here—was that no credible reason was given for declining the screening serv-ices, again, just a few weeks after they were still screening flights in Salina, Kansas, saying we can’t do it now. I believe our rural communities in Kansas and others across the Nation are tired of being left with the short end of the stick and Washington bu-reaucrats thinking they can get away with it. In response to these lame excuses, I urge passage of our TSA Fairness Act today. This legislation will reverse the denial by TSA and ensure they stop discriminating against rural commu-nities like Salina, Kansas. The service agreement they have reached with Great Lakes Airlines will support our region’s continued economic growth. As the chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, I understand how important re-liable air service is for Salina, Kansas, and our region. It is a simple fix with this bill. I appreciate my colleague from Texas carrying this on the floor. It will en-sure TSA continues to fulfill its mis-sion, which is to ensure freedom of movement for people and commerce, and again for Salina and other rural communities across Kansas. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey. I thank the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), the sponsor of this bill, as well as the numbers of individuals who came to the floor. I chaired the Subcommittee on Transportation Security of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security some years ago and happily remain on that committee because I do think it has a crucial and important role. I do believe in your cause and in this legislation. We like to think of rural America as being tranquil areas. But in light of the recent incident in Brussels, many of us who are students of aviation security are well aware of a number of elements of weakness, period. Whether or not it is the perimeters of the airports or in-gress and egress of airports, whether or not it is the access of employees, of which we make no general indictment of the hardworking individuals who work at airports, but we know that the ingress and egress in many of our large airports still gives us pause, and now, obviously, the conspicuous utilization of the open space where the terrorists did their havoc in Brussels. We would hope that would not be the case in America, and as well in rural airports. But certainly if a commercial airline comes back to a rural commu-nity, they need appropriate security. As we grow in developing our security matrix, they may need security that expands into the outer areas, depend-ing upon risks. But the one thing we know is that they need to fall in the category of what we said after 9/11: a professional, well-trained security team, the Transportation Security Ad-ministration and TSO. I have a lot of confidence, as I have had in previous TSA Administrators, in their understanding of the seriousness of their responsibilities. I have the same kind of confidence in the admiral, along with Secretary Johnson, that they understand that we are the front line on securing this Nation. So the airports that have a commercial air-line signed, agreed, and sealed need that kind of security. We must leave no stone unturned as it relates to airport security. Now, obviously, with no security mechanism, it makes it difficult to have a commercial structure, but more importantly, it opens up the airport system to get into, if you will, the sys-tem of travel and, not knowing how terrorists think, to start at one point that is more vulnerable than others and wind up in the Nation’s busiest air-ports. b1515 So I support this legislation. I look forward to determining and encour-aging funding for this expansion. Obvi-ously, that would be the concern—cer-tainly, in the appropriations process— and I can only imagine that there are those of us who are committed in a bi-partisan way to making sure that every aspect of the Nation’s travel sys-tem, whether you are going from rail to bus to plane or in any other manner, is, of course, protected. I ask my colleagues to support this legislation, and I thank Mr. P AYNE and Mr. H
URDfor their leadership. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Homeland Security Committee and a former chair of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security and Infrastructure Protection, I rise in support of H.R. 4549, ‘‘Treating Small Airports with Fair-ness Act of 2016’’ which requires the Trans-portation Security Administration (TSA) to re-store security and screening services to any airport that lost air services after January 1, 2013 but has a guarantee from a commercial airline to resume service. A number of airports in rural parts of the United States have lost commercial air service in the past years. Those living in rural areas without easy ac-cess by highway to other airports have lost a vital travel option. Once an airport receives a commitment from an airline to begin or re-establish service it at an airport, it also must get TSA to re-es-tablish passenger and baggage screening, but in some cases TSA denies the airport’s re-quest to re-establish security screening. For example, TSA at Crater Lake-Klamath Regional Airport in southern Oregon denied 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.048 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1670 April 13, 2016 
the airport’s request to restore security screen-ing, citing the unpredictability of air service in the region and the inability to maintain con-sistent passenger loads. Without TSA security screenings, airports must make alternative security arrangements, such as having security screening of pas-sengers and baggage occur once the flight ar-rives at a large connection airport. Under H.R. 4549, TSA must begin security screenings at an airport either 90 days after a request for screening is made by the airport or when commercial air service commences, whichever is later. This requirement would apply only to air-ports where the airline has said it will resume services within a year of when the airport has requested the restoration of TSA screening. Small cities in 25 States have lost commer-cial air service and the local economy of the cities involved suffers. The loss of airports in these small commu-nities results in using small propeller-powered planes that charge fares much higher propor-tionately than those of conventional airlines. Closing airports in these cities results in lost tourist dollars and airport revenue which bene-fits the community tremendously. H.R. 4549 directs TSA to restore security and screening services to airports that lost air service and have a guarantee from a commer-cial airline to resume service. H.R. 4549 requires restoration of TSA screening to a limited number of airports that have a guarantee from a commercial airline in-cluding: Klamath Falls, Oregon; Del Rio, Texas; Sheridan, Wyoming; and Salina, Kan-sas. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 4549. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to note the bipartisan nature in which this measure comes to the floor today. I thank Members for their support of this measure, and I encourage support for this legislation. Enactment will contribute to strengthening the avia-tion security system by ensuring that passengers undergo screening before boarding commercial flights. I had the pleasure of being in south Texas in the last week, and I flew out of McAllen, Texas. I see the nature and size of these airports; but, neverthe-less, they should have the same sup-port as the larger airports. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today is a good day. De-spite the circus atmosphere that we often see in Washington, D.C., we are strengthening national security and improving the communities across our Nation, and we are doing this in a bi-partisan effort. I would like to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and, again, urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 4549. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H URD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4549, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENHANCING OVERSEAS TRAVELER VETTING ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4403) to authorize the develop-ment of open-source software based on certain systems of the Department of Homeland Security and the Depart-ment of State to facilitate the vetting of travelers against terrorist watchlists and law enforcement data-bases, enhance border management, and improve targeting and analysis, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4403 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enhancing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act’’. 
SEC. 2. OPEN-SOURCE SCREENING SOFTWARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State— (1) are authorized to develop open-source software based on U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s global travel targeting and analysis systems and the Department of State’s watchlisting, identification, and screening systems in order to facilitate the vetting of travelers against terrorist watchlists and law enforcement databases, enhance border management, and improve targeting and analysis; and (2) may make such software and any re-lated technical assistance or training avail-able to foreign governments or multilateral organizations for such purposes. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity and Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to implement subsection (a). (c) P
ROVISION OF SOFTWARE AND CONGRES -
SIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 15 days before the open-source software described in subsection (a) is made available to foreign governments or multilateral organizations pursuant to such subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security and Secretary of State, with the concurrence of the Director of National Intelligence, shall— (1) certify to the appropriate congressional committees that such availability is in the national security interests of the United States; and (2) provide to such committees information on how such software or any related tech-nical assistance or training will be made available. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The authority provided under this section shall be exer-cised in accordance with applicable provi-sions of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.), the Export Administra-tion Regulations, or any other similar provi-sion of law. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) in the House of Representatives— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (B) in the Senate— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Relations. (2) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS .— The term ‘‘Export Administration Regula-tions’’ means— (A) the Export Administration Regulations as maintained and amended under the au-thority of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) and codified in subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations; or (B) any successor regulations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I just want to begin by thanking our colleague, Mr. H
URDfrom Texas, for his work here on behalf of the safety and security of the American people. He is a former CIA undercover officer. As a result of that, I think he had some unique insights here in moving this legislation. The name of this bill is En-hancing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act. I would also like to thank one other Member, and that is the Homeland Se-curity chairman, Mr. M
CCAUL. He is also on the committee that Mr. S
HER-
MANand I serve on, but I thank him for his leadership on the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and For-eign Fighter Travel. That task force made recommendations, with the help of Mr. H
URD, and it led to the introduc-tion of this important piece of legisla-tion. It was passed out of the com-mittee I chair, the Foreign Affairs Committee, back in February. I also want to recognize Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL and Mr. S
HERMAN for their assistance and support on this as well. I think the reason this has such reso-nance with the Members in the House is because the global threat of ter-rorism has never been as high as it is today. In just the last 12 months, we have seen terrorists strike in my home State of California; we have seen it in France, Belgium, Turkey, India, Tuni-sia—where I just was a few days ago— the Ivory Coast, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Iraq. We were up in Erbil and Baghdad. And I have got to tell you, this is a situation that is compounding. No 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.025 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1671 April 13, 2016 
country is immune. This radical ide-ology that is now on the Internet—a virtual caliphate on the Internet, we should call it—knows no boundaries. It is pulling individuals from all over the globe. It is radicalizing them and, in-creasingly, doing it without them even having to leave their neighborhood. I just returned, as I mentioned, from Iraq, Tunisia, and Jordan, and I heard firsthand there about the foreign fight-er threat. You have got 35,000 for-eigners right now, and 3,600 of them were from Europe. They are actually from a total of 120 countries. They have traveled to the Middle East to join ISIS. Many of these fighters are now looking to return to their homes back in Brussels, back in Paris and the capitals of Europe—even here in the United States. Bazi was the name of a young girl who testified before our committee. Mr. S
HERMAN and I remember some of the things she told us. She was taken captive by an American who had been recruited over the Internet to join ISIS. She became his concubine, and he felt compelled to tell her this was part of his ideology. He had converted to this. As a result of her being an apos-tate, she had to go through what other Yazidis and Christians and other faiths had to go through, which was to submit to him and to the will of his particular code. Eventually, she got loose. She got free of him and told us that tale of how, ultimately, she lost every male in the village—all her brothers—and how her sisters are now concubines. Many of them were foreign fighters, and that is why information sharing between countries is more critical now than ever, because this thing is everywhere now. The bipartisan task force’s report highlighted the lack of any comprehen-sive global database of foreign fighters and suspected terrorists. In its absence, the U.S. and other countries rely on a patchwork system for exchanging ex-tremist identities, which is weak and increases the odds that foreign fighters and suspected terrorists will be able to cross borders undetected. So this bill, thanks to Mr. H
URD’s ex-pertise, will authorize the Secretaries of the Department of State and Home-land Security to develop open-source software platforms to vet travelers against terrorist watch lists and against law enforcement databases. It permits the open-source software to be shared with foreign governments and multilateral organizations for police purposes, like INTERPOL. This bill reflects the recommenda-tions made by, as I said, our colleagues on the task force, which we have worked together on. I thank Mr. H
URD and Chairman M
CCAULfor their leader-ship working to make our Nation safer against terrorist threats. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4403, the En-hancing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act. I want to associate myself with the comments of our committee chair, par-ticularly his praise for the hard work of Mr. HURD and the involvement of Chairman M
CCAULof the Homeland Se-curity Committee. I am a cosponsor of this legislation, and I supported it in the House Foreign Affairs Committee, which considered the bill on February 24, and voted it out by voice unanimously, with no op-position. It is also my understanding that the bill also passed unanimously in the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. As the chairman of our committee explained, this legislation authorizes the State Department and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to develop open-source versions of software that vets travelers against terrorist watch lists and law enforcement databases. Once the software is developed, we will be able to share it with our allies and multilateral organizations involved in police work, such as INTERPOL. That means that we will have better soft-ware in the hands of worldwide law en-forcement sooner and it will be inter-operable. As things stand now, we do not have a comprehensive global database for identifying and tracking terrorists. As the bipartisan Task Force on Com-bating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, which was established by Chairman M
CCAULand the Committee on Homeland Security, highlighted in its September 2015 report, ‘‘countries, including the United States, rely on a patchwork system for swapping ex-tremist identities, increasing the odds foreign fighters will slip through the cracks.’’ The Paris and Brussels terrorist at-tacks demonstrate the need for a glob-al system. Since those tragedies, there has been finger pointing about missed intelligence and criticism over the lack of information sharing across borders. Just in February, Europol warned that more than 5,000 Europeans with European passports had traveled to ISIS and Syria to become ISIS fighters. In late March, European security offi-cials told the Associated Press that the Islamic State group had trained at least 400 attackers and sent them to Europe to carry out specific attacks. Of course, we have a visa waiver rela-tionship with most of Europe, and that means these European passport holders will be able to visit the United States without special vetting by our officials. There is an exception to that for those European passports that have been stamped indicating they visited Syria or Iraq. This should not give us a whole lot of false security because, typically, for-eign fighters who want to join ISIS travel to Turkey, where their passport is stamped with a Turkish stamp and then they sneak into ISIS-controlled areas. ISIS does not stamp their pass-port entry into the Islamic State, so the passports of these Europeans that have gone to fight for ISIS in Iraq and Syria do not bear a Syrian or Iraqi stamp. b1530 In addition, if, for some reason, they did bear such a stamp, any European can simply go and ask for a replace-ment passport and, in most cases, there will be no record available to the United States that this person had ever visited Syria or Iraq. So we need a system that gives us the best possible opportunity to iden-tify foreign fighters, but especially those who hold European passports. If we are going to fight and prevent global terrorism in tandem with other countries, the United States and our allies must be on the same page when it comes to vetting travelers and tracking would-be terrorists. This leg-islation helps us do just that. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4403. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD), who is a member of the Committee on Homeland Security, and he is also the author of this bill. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative S
HERMAN for his support of this bill; and I would like to thank Chairman R
OYCE , not only for his support of this bill, but for every-thing that he does on his committee to make sure that our allies know that they can trust us and that our enemies know they should fear us. Last month, terrorists struck again in the heart of Europe. Their attack in Brussels was part of a wider ISIS cam-paign to ramp up external operations. Already, the group has been tied to more than 80 terrorist plots or attacks against the West. This is an unprece-dented figure. We have been sounding the alarm here in Congress about the rising tide of terror, as well as the global security gaps being exploited by extremists. My bill, H.R. 4403, would help close one of those major loopholes to make it hard-er for terrorists to cross borders. This bill was a recommendation of the bipartisan Task Force on Com-bating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, on which I served. In our final report in September, we found that ‘‘gaping security weak-nesses overseas—especially in Europe— are putting the U.S. homeland in dan-ger by making it easier for aspiring foreign fighters to migrate to terrorist hotspots and for jihadists to return to the West.’’ I saw firsthand that our partners are in a pre-9/11 mindset, and that many of them have failed to conduct adequate counterterrorism screening. For in-stance, key operatives behind the Paris and Brussels attacks managed to travel back and forth to Syria and throughout Europe, undetected, even though some were on terrorist watch lists. This should not just be a wake-up call, it should be a call to action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.053 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1672 April 13, 2016 
My bill would allow the Department of Homeland Security and the Depart-ment of State to develop specially tai-lored, open-source watch-listing and screening systems to help our foreign partners disrupt terrorist travel. We have an interest in providing it to sev-eral foreign countries, and we should do that. However, as a matter of overarching Federal policy, this bill does not choose open-source over proprietary. Indeed, the Federal Government should consider proprietary and open-source software and make an educated choice on which one fits the need the best. In this case, providing our partners with software they trust simply makes sense. Thousands of ISIS fighters have Western passports, and if our overseas partners don’t stop them first, we might have to confront them here at home. Yet many governments lack the capacity to properly vet travelers and weed out known or suspected jihadists. That is why we must act today on this legislation and send a clear signal to our allies that America is ready to lead this fight. I want to thank my fellow members on the task force for their hard work, and I want to particularly thank Mr. V
ELAand Mr. K EATING , on the Demo-cratic side, for their leadership and support for this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote for this measure. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, seeing as I have no additional speakers, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4403, the Enhancing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would just say this for the Members. The 9/11 Commission Report was pretty prescient on this point. It said: ‘‘The U.S. Government cannot meet its own obligations to the American people to prevent the entry of terrorists without a major effort to collaborate with other governments.’’ The report said further: ‘‘We should do more to exchange terrorist informa-tion with trusted allies and raise U.S. and global borders security standards for travel and border crossing, over the medium and long term, through exten-sive international cooperation.’’ This is what the bill does. And, frankly, the Department of State here and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, giving them this authorization to develop this open-source software, to vet those travelers against terrorist watch lists and against those law en-forcement databases, is absolutely vital. I will just mention that the so-called Islamic State—we call it Daesh or ISIS—has already threatened to send hundreds of its European fighters back to the continent to carry out attacks like those attacks that they have al-ready carried out in Paris and Brussels and, frankly, attacks like the one they carried out in San Bernardino, Cali-fornia. So I think this measure really deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HURDof Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4403, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE FUTURE FORUM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the Future Forum to provide an update on our past year’s work and activity and to discuss the work we must still do to move America’s millennials forward. Yesterday, April 12, marked the 1- year anniversary of Future Forum, and what a year it has been. I encourage everyone at home to follow along as we talk about these issues this afternoon at #futureforum on Twitter or Instagram and Facebook. Send us your questions. I will look at them live here on the floor and talk about them and continue the dialog beyond today’s conversation. Our membership has grown from 14 members a year ago when we started, to 18 of the House’s youngest Members. We have traveled to 14 cities now across this great Nation, from San Diego, California, to Manchester, New Hampshire, and to, most recently, last week, hosted by Representatives D
EGETTE , P OLIS, and P ERLMUTTER , Denver. We were even joined there in Denver by our House Minority whip, S
TENY HOYER . On each visit we talk to young people at universities, community colleges, coworking spaces, and startup compa-nies, to learn about the issues most im-portant to them, the issues that they are finding as their own personal bar-riers to success. Overwhelmingly, we have heard millennials across the Nation share that they are most concerned about issues relating to student loan debt, college affordability, climate change, and campaign finance reform. I want to talk about a few of these issues, and I first start with student loan debt. At many of these sites with a polling app we ask people: What issue is most important to you? Across the country, the issue that we have seen most often, regardless of what part of the country we are in, what crowd we are in front of, has been student loan debt. Now, this is an issue that is very per-sonal to me. I just brought my own stu-dent loan debt just under $100,000 with-in the last few months; and I have seen, in my own life, in my constituents’ lives in California’s East Bay and with the people we have talked to at these Future Forum discussions, that stu-dent loan debt has put an entire gen-eration into financial quicksand, and it affects almost every life decision that young people are making. The biggest decisions you will make in your life: the decision to start a family, we are delaying that decision by about 5 years later than the genera-tion before us; the ability to buy a house, we are perhaps the least home- owning generation America has ever known; the decision and the ability to go out on your own and start your own business—well, actually, millennial en-trepreneurship is on the decline. From 2014 to 2015, 5 percent fewer millennials started a business. How is that? You look at Silicon Valley, you look at Silicon Alley, you look at Silicon Beach, you look up in the Northwest at Silicon Forest, you see all of these startups across our country and you think, well, this is the startup genera-tion. In fact, we are more risk averse than you would think. It is because of the student loan debt that we carry that makes it so hard to go out on your own to find that capital you need to take that risk to start a business to create jobs that will help grow our economy. These are the four issues we are see-ing that student loan debt is affecting: starting a family, buying a home, starting a business, and then, finally, being able to save. We are also the generation that has saved the least of any generation that has ever come before us. And it makes sense, right? Every month, you have approxi-mately 40 million young people, with $1.3 trillion in student loan debt, hun-dreds of dollars each month going out the window, going to pay off this debt, making it very hard for you to rent near where you work, let alone even re-alize that American Dream of home-ownership. Now, while higher education also re-mains a worthwhile investment, we have found on our tour that, by 2018, 63 percent of new jobs will require a col-lege education. But here is the prob-lem. The cost of college continues to go up. One of our biggest challenges, per-haps, is making and having generations that have come before us understand that what they experienced 30, 40 years ago, is just not what young people are going through today. It is apples and oranges in terms of experiences. In fact, the cost of college tuition has gone up higher and faster than any other good or service that Americans consume. In California, for example, in the six-ties and seventies, if you were qualified and you were able, you could go to a UC—University of California—school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.055 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1673 April 13, 2016 
and walk away with, essentially, a debt-free education. The return on that investment, when Californians and the Federal Govern-ment valued public education as a pub-lic good, was a workforce that built the greatest tech and biotech economy that the world has ever seen. The tech economy that drives northern Cali-fornia, the biotech economy that is thriving down in San Diego, the minds that are powering the inventive forces in the entertainment industry down in Los Angeles, that is the return on in-vestment that we received when we treated education as a public good in California, and you could have an UC degree and walk away with a debt-free education. Now, an issue that is also important to millennials and new to Future Forum and affecting young Americans is the issue of diversity in the tech in-dustry. b1545 We love the tech industry in Cali-fornia. It has created so many new jobs and a lot of traffic to go with it, but people who are driving to good-paying jobs. Silicon Valley in the bay area is at the helm of America’s burgeoning tech industry, which is constantly devel-oping innovative ways to interact within a global environment and com-pete in the 21st century. These cutting- edge companies are creating new ways to communicate, travel, buy, sell, and listen. The tech industry is led by some of the best and the brightest our Nation has to offer. But there are some statis-tics about the tech industry I want to share with you that are quite dis-turbing. The tech industry is not as di-verse as California or our country is. Millennials are at the center of this industry. They are the largest genera-tion in the U.S. workforce. By 2020, millennials will make up 50 percent of the global workforce. However, over the past 2 to 3 years, major concerns have been raised that tech lacks one major component. We are the largest workforce America has ever known, and we are the largest and most diverse generation America has ever known, but the tech industry is missing a diverse workforce. Despite making up significant por-tions of the U.S. population, women and minorities are drastically under-represented in this industry. Let me give you an example. In the United States, women compose 50.8 percent of our population. How-ever, women only make up about one- third of the tech workforce. Ethnic diversity in tech tells a simi-lar story. Eight percent of the tech workforce is Hispanic, 7 percent is Afri-can American, 23 percent is Asian, and 60 percent is White. How can we resolve this? Many tech firms have made great strides toward improving workforce gender and ethnic diversity by releasing workforce data and creating internal programs to ad-dress this disparity. However, action must continue to be taken every single day to address the root of the problem, like improving ac-cess to STEM education. The tech in-dustry also needs to seriously examine recruitment measures in order to en-courage a more diverse workforce. I recently introduced the STEM K to Career Act. This bill would provide Federal loan forgiveness for STEM teachers in low-income schools, create a tax credit for paid STEM internships and apprenticeships, and ensure that 7 percent of Federal Work Study funds are used for STEM jobs. This would help make sure that every corner in America, every class-room across our country, is treated equally and receives the same amount of funding for STEM and make sure that every child has that freedom to dream. I am also a cosponsor of Representa-tive R
ICK LARSEN of Washington’s Youth Access to American Jobs Act, which will connect students to training in STEM skill positions to prepare them for well-paying jobs. Just last month I signed a letter urging for an increase in Federal support of His-panic-serving institutions. Someone in the House who has worked on this issue who is my neigh-bor in the east bay and someone I have been proud to serve with is Congress-woman B
ARBARA LEE. I would like to welcome my distinguished colleague to add to this discussion. I will start, Congresswoman, by ask-ing: This is an industry that has ex-panded beyond just San Francisco and Silicon Valley. We are seeing major in-vestments put into Oakland and also out in the tri-valley. What are you hearing back in the bay at home, outside of that Warriors fever—because tonight they are going to set the NBA’s single-season wins record—but outside of that fever, what are we hearing at home about the tech industry and what we can do better? Ms. LEE. First of all, I thank the gentleman so much for his tremendous leadership in Future Forum. I want to thank him also for really stepping up since he has been here in Congress not only in showing dedication and phe-nomenal representation for his con-stituents, but, also, he has shown such a tremendous ability to organize his peers and to really focus on the issues that really give our young people, the millennials, a hope that they can actu-ally achieve the American Dream. So I thank the gentleman very much. I am really proud to share our region with Congressman S
WALWELL . I want to first congratulate him also because I think today is the anniversary of Fu-ture Forum. One year? Mr. SWALWELL of California. That is right. One year. Ms. LEE. The gentleman is doing such critical work to make college af-fordable and debt free and to really provide opportunities for our young people and our millennials. So I thank the gentleman. We represent the east bay, as we have said. For years now, this is nothing new to us. I have my office full of cases that go back, actually, 10 years of qualified people of color who wanted to work in the tech sector and never could get in the door. Let me also say that 40, 50 percent of the jobs in the tech sector are non- tech-related. They are human re-sources attorneys, lawyers, jobs that many people of color qualify for and still they have been shut out from these opportunities. So this is an im-portant issue to talk about. Tech is making a home for itself in my district and your district, and it is creating new jobs. Unfortunately, too many of my Afri-can American and Latino constituents have been locked out of these opportu-nities for years, which have been cre-ated by the region’s booming sector. Believe you me, it is not unique to your district or my district. It is a sys-temic problem that we need to address across the country. When major tech firms have released workforce data—and, mind you, many have not—we have seen that, at some firms, employees that are African American can make up as much as 7 percent of the workforce. At other firms, this can be below zero percent. I don’t know how you get below zero percent, but some don’t even think about it, despite the fact that African Americans, for example, make up 14 percent of the American population. So that is why I am really honored to serve with our Congressional Black Caucus chair, Chairman BUTTERFIELD , as his co-chair of the CBC Diversity Task Force. In May of last year, our task force launched the TECH 2020 initiative to increase diversity and inclusion in the tech sector by 2020, specifically as it re-lates to African American diversity. Let me just take a moment to thank Reverend Jesse Jackson and Rainbow PUSH because they have been for sev-eral years now really making sure these companies commit to releasing their data and coming up with a plan to address inclusion and diversity. The core principles of TECH 2020 ini-tiative let me lay out very quickly. T, transparency; education and training; corporate responsibility and invest-ment; hiring and retention. Transparency means ensuring that companies set and achieve inclusion goals, release their data annually, and put this information in a central loca-tion for the public to access. Education and training, STEM edu-cation, commitment to long-term STEM investments, working with mi-nority-serving institutions, Hispanic- serving institutions, HBCUs, and ad-vancing public and private investment in education. Corporate responsibility and invest-ment means working to increase board of director diversity. When you look at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.056 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1674 April 13, 2016 
the boards, you don’t see much inclu-sion at all in diversity. We have to target philanthropic in-vestments, expand venture capital to diverse ideas, to new, young ideas, seek out diversity in the supplier area and helping young, millennial small busi-nesses grow. The last principle, hiring and reten-tion, means encouraging companies to provide specific programs, goals, and timetables focused on inclusion and re-cruit from minority-serving institu-tions and invest in African American and Latino employees. The TECH 2020 initiative—we have taken these principles on the road to the boardrooms of some of the biggest names in the tech sector. So I am pleased that we are con-tinuing this conversation tonight with the head of Future Forum because this really is about the future. In our district, we have many, many young people, many young African American young men and women, who are working on coding, BlackGirlsCode. When you look at some of the invest-ments that the Kapor Institute, Mitch and Freada Kapor, have made in terms of investments in firms that require in-clusion in STEM education, it is really phenomenal. We have seen companies add highly qualified people of color, business lead-ers, to their board of directors, not enough, only a couple, but we are going to continue to work to develop and im-plement and, most importantly, dis-close their diversity and their inclu-sion plans. We have also made progress in gain-ing commitments to investments in science, technology, engineering, and math—of course, the STEM pipeline— to help educate and create the next generation of coders, innovators, and tech leaders. Last year I was proud to lead a let-ter—and it was cosigned by 67 of our colleagues—to support the President’s Computer Science for All Initiative, which will ensure that every student from preschool to grade 12 will be able to learn how to code. This initiative specifically focuses on girls and students of color and will help us close the achievement gap in STEM education. These are all steps in the right direc-tion, but we can and we must do more. America has become more and more di-verse. Increasing diversity and inclu-sion within the tech sector really is not only a moral imperative, it is an economic imperative. As a former businessowner myself, I can tell you that diversity is really good for business. It is good for the bottom line. When you have a diverse and dynamic employee base, new doors of opportunity open. So I am very pleased to be helping to lead this effort with our chair of the Black Caucus, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and other colleagues and yourself to achieve parity in the tech sector. I also look forward to working with Future Forum in addressing these crit-ical issues as we move forward with Future Forum in terms of the next generation of leaders. Young people are concerned about student loan debt, college afford-ability, and climate change, all the issues that really create a planet wor-thy of the future of our young people. As future members of the modern workforce, they are also concerned about equity. So I have to commend the gentleman once again in Future Forum for his vision and his efforts to engage and empower our future lead-ers. I know that together we can and we will achieve a future where people of color, African Americans and Latinos, are fully represented within every level of the tech sector, from entry-level coders and H.R. representatives, legal professionals, C-suite officers, and cor-porate directors. Finally, let me say that one effort that some of the companies are mount-ing, which I think you know about, which we need to talk a little bit more about in the future and Future Forum should look at, are the unconscious bias studies that these companies are undertaking. Because oftentimes it is the culture of the organization and unconscious bi-ases that translate into policies and programs that create a discriminatory effect which, in fact, need to be ad-dressed and dealt with, and they are so unconscious that people don’t even re-alize that this is the ultimate outcome of those unconscious biases. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Do you think that shining a light on work-force data is probably one of the best ways to kind of reverse an unconscious bias, that unless you are forced to look at the numbers and the behaviors of your company, you are not going to make a change that results in having a diverse workforce? Ms. LEE. Yes. Absolutely. If you don’t have the facts, if you don’t have the data, how do you know, first of all, that there is an issue and a problem of exclusion? Secondly, oftentimes people hire peo-ple and work with people whom they are familiar with. There are some sys-temic issues that, unless you have the data, you don’t know what these sys-temic issues are. So that is absolutely essential. That is why we continue to ask tech compa-nies to release their data and to really be transparent. So you have to know what the issues are and what the problem is before you can look at how to rectify it and how to move forward. So I think that many employees and many corporate officials want to do the right thing. They just have not done the right thing, and they are trying to begin to understand what to do next. So Future Forum, the Congressional Black Caucus, our Tri-Caucus, all of us here, our Dem Caucus, have really been working hard to try to get this move-ment forward. Mr. SWALWELL of California. In your district, you have one of the best universities in the world, UC-Berkeley, and we have heard on our Future Fo-rum’s tour from young students who are either right out of college or about to be out of college that the amount of debt they have is driving the decision about where to work, that a lot of times their choices are limited to where their parents live because they know they can’t afford to live in the bay area. So they are going to have to boomerang back home with their par-ents who have just gotten used to their being out of the house. So what have you heard from the stu-dents or the recent graduates in your area about how student loan debt is af-fecting major life decisions? Ms. LEE. Student loan debt really is hampering our young people from mov-ing forward. They are concerned main-ly about how to get a job that is going to pay enough money to pay down their debt when, really, they should be look-ing at how to move forward and get the type of job they want, buy a home if they want, have a family or do some of the things that their dreams have been in their minds, in their vision, and in their heart for years. Now their dreams are deferred because they have to just hang on with their families and pay student loan debt. Secondly, in our area, the cost of housing is outrageous. We met with the Secretary of HUD last week to try to determine what the Federal Govern-ment could do to help with, first, dis-placement and, secondly, to help de-velop more affordable housing, which, of course, will help young people be-cause they can’t afford to live now in the east bay or in the bay area, really. Our region is just excessively expen-sive, and we have to figure out how young people can stay where they want to stay and how they can have the type of life they deserve. They have gotten a degree. I went to UC-Berkeley. That is my alma mater— go Bears—and I know what a phe-nomenal education it is. But I also know, when you get out, you think that that degree, that piece of paper, is a ticket to something bet-ter, and here you end up having to go back home, live with your parents, and pay down your student debt. That is outrageous. It doesn’t make any sense. Our young people deserve more. b1600 Mr. SWALWELL of California. That is right. A lot of times I have told young people our generation is the least home-owning generation America has ever known. In the bay area and the L.A. area, they say: Forget home owning. We just want to be able to rent near where we live. Right now, rents are so expensive. Oakland now ranks in the top five most expensive rent cities. Ms. LEE. I think it is the fourth in the country. It is outrageous. Homeownership is not even a dream anymore that young people have. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.058 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1675 April 13, 2016 
How do you acquire wealth in this country? When you look at what happened to African Americans, for example, and Latinos during the subprime meltdown and crisis, our net worth is gone. Most of that was equity in our home. Young people deserve to be able to buy a house so they can begin to ac-quire some wealth, so they can begin to do what they want to do with their lives. Until we get this housing piece right, we are not going to get anything else right in terms of inequality and equity for our young people or for peo-ple of color. Mr. SWALWELL of California. That is right. As we talk to young people and we listen to these stories across the country, it is heartening, though, to offer solutions. I know you are a part of many of the solutions that the Future Forum has been promoting. One of them is the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing bill—it is J
OECOURTNEY ’s bill, our colleague— which says that if the banks can refi-nance at the lowest rate, if a home-owner can refinance at the lowest rate, and an auto loan can be refinanced at the lowest rate, why can’t our students refinance at the lowest rate? Why should they have to pay so much money in interest and not get more competitive rates? Ms. LEE. There is no reason why. Here you have young people starting out making a life for themselves. They should be able to do the same thing. The banking institutions should allow young people the same opportunities as they do other people who own mort-gages and who own cars. This, to me, is discriminatory. I am really pleased to be a cosponsor of the bill. I hope we can pass this on a bipartisan basis. I would give young people just a bit of hope that it can be done, that they can be made whole, and that their college education, the sac-rifices that they made, was worth it be-cause now they are going to the next step. Mr. SWALWELL of California. That is right. In the bay area, young people are so collaborative and inventive that they have powered this innovative in-novation economy. Then they look at Washington and they wonder, why isn’t the majority party in the House col-laborating on these student loan bills? If you look at every student loan bill that is out there right now, I think 9 out of 10 of them have been offered by our side. This is an issue that should not be owned by a political party. Peo-ple are hurting out there. Ms. LEE. Republican young people are hurting also. I would think that the majority party would want to help their young people also find a path to the American Dream. Certainly refi-nancing student loan debt is a major step. It should be bipartisan, it should be nonpartisan, and we should be work-ing together to get this passed. Mr. SWALWELL of California. I don’t know if you have any constitu-ents who are in bankruptcy because of student loan debt, but we found that three things in this country will follow you to your grave and have no statute of limitations: murder, treason, and student loan debt. We have constituents who have had their Social Security garnished be-cause of outstanding student loan debt and people who cannot discharge as they get that second chance in life, that jubilee that bankruptcy is, they can’t discharge their student loan debt. It hangs over them until they go to the grave. Ms. LEE. Many constituents are in very similar circumstances, Congress-man SWALWELL . On top of that, their credit score goes down, so then they can’t even buy a car, even if they want-ed to. They are not able to do anything else because they are delayed on their payments. They are behind because they can’t afford it. They get dings on their credit score, and then they can’t buy anything else on credit. It is a vi-cious cycle. They end up in debt and out there not being able to participate in the mainstream economic fabric of our society because of that. Mr. SWALWELL of California. That is right. Another bill we have to sup-port that is the Private Student Loan Bankruptcy Fairness Act, offered by Congressman C
OHEN of Tennessee, who seeks to address this issue and relieve young people from having to have this follow them for a lifetime. Congresswoman, I am glad you came to join us to talk about diversity in tech and about larger Future Forum goals. I look forward to continuing to work with you in the east bay and across our country to take as many young people as we can out of financial quicksand. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. S
WALWELL , and I thank him for his leadership. I am confident we can with his leadership and with all of us work-ing together. I know that both Democrats and Re-publicans want the same thing, I am confident of that, but we are just not matching our rhetoric with reality. Hopefully they will begin to under-stand, the majority will, that this is good for America, not just for Demo-crats and not just for our young people. Mr. SWALWELL of California. That is right. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. L
EE. I also see in the House with us this afternoon is another California col-league, someone who I was hoping maybe could talk a little bit about what students in her part of California are going through, one of the youngest Members of the House as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ). Congresswoman, we are just talking about student loan debt. In California, we have got the greatest education sys-tem in the world, but because of the amount of student loan debt young people are facing, it is just putting them, as I said, in financial quicksand. We have got a lot of solutions here in the House. Is there anything you are hearing in your Congressional District from young people and what they want to see from their leaders? Mrs. TORRES. Absolutely. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. SWALWELL for bringing this topic to the forefront. Mr. SWALWELL of California. We are celebrating a year of the Future Forum tonight. Mrs. TORRES. One year. That is wonderful. This issue is not limited to the stu-dents. At a Congress in Your Corner last November, I heard from parents of a constituent who were nearly in bank-ruptcy because the student loan from not one child, but two, was so much that it was actually more than their mortgage payment. So here they are working in their late 60s to try to help make payments for their students. This is a critical issue. They are not able to purchase a vehicle and they are not able to purchase a home. I bought my home in my early 20s. I know that 20-year-olds today, or 23-year-olds today, could not do that because of the high student loan ratios that they have. Mr. SWALWELL of California. That is right. I call it getting lapped, which is we are seeing parents today who are still paying off their student loans, then their kids are going off to college, and now they are doubling down. It has become a family matter. We talked on a Future Forum tour to a mother who showed up to an event that had 200 millennials in Boston. She kind of sheepishly raised her hand and said: I know I am not supposed to be here, but I am here because I am wor-ried about my daughter. She was the first in our family to go to college. We were really excited. We sent her off and we missed her dearly for that first year she was gone. We got used to her being gone in years two, three, and four. We never expected that she would boo-merang back home because she couldn’t afford to live near where she works. This was at the same time that this mother’s own mother was going into a costly assisted living facility. It is a family matter. It is squeezing baby boomers right now because their kids are incurring student loan debt and their parents are taking on costly as-sisted living. So you are right. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. T
ORRES for sharing what is going on in her area. Maybe my other colleague, another one of California’s millennial-minded Members down in the L.A. area, T
ONY C
A´RDENAS , what is he hearing as we celebrate a year of being on the road with Future Forum and talking to thousands of young people? What is he hearing about student loan debt or any issues that are important to millennials? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ). Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. S
WALWELL for bringing this issue to the floor. It is incredibly im-portant not just for millennials, but as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.059 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1676 April 13, 2016 
our colleague, N ORMA TORRES , pointed out, for people who are at retirement age, people who want to retire but can’t because they have these genera-tional issues that are costly and they can’t move on and then follow through with their version of the American Dream in different phases of their life. What I am hearing is that this is not just an issue of young people who are in college. This is an issue of entire families wondering whether or not their children can afford to do that and whether the family can come together for that bright individual who wants to succeed and wants to get that edu-cation, and yet they are doubting themselves as to whether or not that is the path for them. That is unfortunate because the fact of the matter is that the United States of America for many, many genera-tions has been the place for hope and expectation of a brighter future for generations. Yet, at the same time, be-cause, in my opinion, Congress is not doing enough to make sure that we can right the situation, we can make sure that we can right size the environment of making sure that when a young bright person in America wants to get an education, that there are ways in which they can afford to do that, re-gardless of where they come from, re-gardless of whether their parents are farm workers, like my parents, or whether their parents live on the other side of town where they can afford to do that. Our environments and the univer-sities shouldn’t be left only to the indi-viduals who have the affluency to be able to be in that environment. One of the reasons why we have created these wonderful universities that have 5,000, 10,000, 20,000, and 30,000 people there is so that they can be an eclectic environ-ment, so people can learn to become friends with people that otherwise they might not have rubbed elbows with. What I am hearing is that people are afraid. Too many Americans are afraid. I am hearing that too many bright in-dividuals are doubting whether or not they can afford to get that degree, not that they can’t do it, not that they are not bright enough. The problem that I am hearing from my constituents and people around America is that it is tough to make that decision because too many young people now have examples that they are in debt $100,000, $200,000, $300,000. And then on top of that, they can’t find a right size job to fit their skill set. And then on top of that, they have got this mounting debt. That is something that too many people are afraid to enter into. That is unfortunate. It shouldn’t happen in our country. I am glad that Mr. S
WALWELL is bringing this issue up. Let’s continue to try to do many, many things about righting the ship that we have about our young people being too afraid to incur the kind of debt that they are forced to do in order to get an edu-cation. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Amen. Well said. I think young Californians, in my ex-perience, want us to be as collaborative in solving this problem as they are in charting the innovation economy. You are right. Out of those environments in our UC and Cal State systems and our community colleges, we are creating minds and experiences that are build-ing this new economy. So they look to us and say: Why aren’t Democrats and Republicans working together? Right now, I see our caucus is the only one that is offering solutions. I think we are putting our hands out there saying: Work with us, we are ready to talk about this, but you have got to come to the table because Re-publican and Democratic kids across this country are in financial quicksand and are counting on us. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CA´RDENAS  and Mrs. T
ORRES . That will conclude our one-year cele-bration of Future Forum. We are cer-tainly not looking backwards. We are looking to the future. We have more visits ahead across the country, across California, and, of course, with my col-leagues who have participated already. Continue this conversation with us at #FutureForum or, of course, follow @RepSwalwell on Twitter, Snapchat, and Facebook. This generation is aspirational and optimistic. It just needs its leaders here in this House and the majority party, I think, to join with the Demo-crats to put forward solutions that can move our generation forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
NATIONAL PUBLIC SAFETY TELECOMMUNICATORS WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) for 30 minutes. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, Cali-fornia is a much warmer State and much more beautiful, if I may add that. I rise today to recognize National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week. After 17
1⁄2years as a 911 dispatcher, I know firsthand the challenges our pub-lic safety dispatchers face, the stress they are put under, and the critical im-portance of their work. That is why I am proud to introduce a resolution commemorating National Public Safe-ty Telecommunicators Week. I remember working the graveyard shift at the LAPD, sitting four floors below ground, taking calls from people from all walks of life, often during their most vulnerable time in their lives. b1615 In fact, it was my work as a 911 dis-patcher that got me involved in poli-tics. When I was working for the LAPD, I took a call from a little girl who ended up being murdered at the hands of her uncle. When I answered that 911 call, all I could hear was thumping. Later, I learned that that thumping noise was her head being bashed against the wall. Soon after, five shots were fired, and she was murdered—11 years old, mur-dered at the hands of her uncle. I yield to my colleague, the gen-tleman from the San Fernando Valley, Congressional District 29, TONY C
A´RDENAS , to share with us some infor-mation about how he supports 911 dis-patchers in his district. Mr. CA´RDENAS. I thank the gentle-woman. To my colleague, N
ORMA TORRES , thank you for bringing up this very, very important opportunity for aware-ness of this issue on the floor of the House of Congress. Mr. Speaker, yes, it is National Pub-lic Safety Telecommunicators Week, but it is really important for us to un-derstand that, in America, everything starts with us—the individuals. I will just add to this dialogue that it is up to all of us to keep our commu-nities safe. If we do that well, maybe we won’t need so many 911 operators. We have heard so many times and too often of those frantic calls when some-one is calling 911 because the action has already started, because the atroc-ity has already begun. As Americans, we should be vigilant and understand that we all have a collective responsi-bility to be the safe keepers of our communities so that we minimize the number of 911 calls any one individual in our neighborhoods or in our commu-nities across America would ever have to make. I take this opportunity to mention someone, Krystal Blackburn, who is the assistant supervisor at the Harrodsburg Police Department. She has been a 911 operator for some time now, and I quote one portion of what was mentioned on the House floor this afternoon: 
911 has changed my life. It has shaped me, and I have grown into a role that I wasn’t even sure I wanted in the beginning. It has become a way of life that I wouldn’t change for any reason. I am 911. 
Once again, ladies and gentlemen, I think it is important for us to take the opportunity to recognize and appre-ciate the eclectic responsibilities that friends and neighbors have in every community across America. In every situation, let people take on that pro-fessionalism so as to be the solution— to be the go-to person—when we need them most. It is important for people to understand that our dispatchers at 911 and that our safety community around America deserve our support and deserve our recognition. Most im-portantly, they deserve our thanks. I thank the gentlewoman for giving me the opportunity to express my thoughts on this very important issue. Mrs. TORRES. I thank the gen-tleman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Jul 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\H13AP6.REC H13AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1677 April 13, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, so few people know what it is like to be an emergency dis-patcher and don’t truly understand how crucial our role is. They don’t get that without us. They don’t get that without you. First responders wouldn’t be able to do their jobs without some-one’s answering that 911 call. Back when I served in the California State Assembly, the State budget cri-sis meant that 911 dispatchers were fur-loughed because they weren’t exempt as public safety professionals. Hun-dreds of calls went unanswered. Who knows how many lives were put at risk? I spent months badgering Gov-ernor Schwarzenegger until he realized the catastrophic effect the policy was having on our State. God forbid there had been an event like San Bernardino during that time and calls couldn’t get through or first responders didn’t know where to go. Sadly, too many people think of dis-patchers as a little more than glorified receptionists. This means that they don’t often get the resources, the train-ing, and the support they need and de-serve in order to do their jobs. Dis-patchers are the first points of contact in the event of an emergency, and they are the sole link between those in trou-ble and the personnel who can help them. Better training and more sup-port would go a long way toward im-proving service and increasing staff re-tention. During this year’s State of the Union, I had the honor of inviting as my guest the dispatch supervisor who directed radio and call traffic during the San Bernardino attack. While the police, fire, and EMS responders defi-nitely deserve a lot of credit, there had been very little mention in the media about the key role the public safety telecommunicators played. Annemarie Teall and her team were the ones behind the scene, making sure the first responders were deployed effi-ciently and effectively. They fielded calls from the community, from law enforcement agencies, and from callers from all over the country and the world. During a situation that can quickly become pure chaos, they stayed calm, took action, and helped save lives. When she was here, Annemarie dis-cussed the training she had received in dealing with these types of situations and how grateful she was for that training. Unfortunately, this kind of training isn’t a regular occurrence. Without public safety telecommu-nicators, our first responders can’t do their jobs. The response of police, fire-fighters, and paramedics is dependent upon the quality and accuracy of the information the dispatcher is able to provide. Public safety telecommunica-tors don’t just take calls and relay in-formation; they also play a key role in coordinating multiple teams of first re-sponders from multiple agencies during times of crisis. They are a vital link for police, fire, and EMS as they monitor their activities by radio and provide them with information that can ensure their safety and an efficient, effective response. 911 dispatchers have also helped in the apprehension of criminals and have helped bring them to justice because, in many cases, they are witnesses to the crimes as they occur. In the case that I stated earlier, I was the only witness. It was that recorded call that brought justice to that little girl. Public Safety Telecommunicators Week not only provides us with the op-portunity to recognize the hard work of our dispatchers, but it is also a re-minder to our constituents of the im-portance of maintaining emergency lines free for just that—emergencies. There is no excuse for 911 abuse. Some estimates indicate that 15 to 20 percent of incoming calls are nonemergencies. These calls could prevent legitimate emergency calls from getting through and being answered. For example, as a 911 dispatcher, I remember receiving calls from those who were asking for directions to Disneyland, who were asking if an earthquake had just oc-curred, or who were asking for the time of day. Those are not emergencies. Dis-patchers can’t send for assistance if they never receive the call. 911 is not an information line. Local governments have limited resources and few dispatchers. Many localities have info lines—for example, 311 or 511. I encourage individuals to look up their local police departments and have their nonemergency police num-bers on hand. I also encourage them to add that information to their cell phones so that the number is readily available when they have emergencies. I can give you many examples of when people have dialed 911 from a cell phone and the dispatcher does not have the accurate location. Imagine if you were in the middle of having a heart attack and if you were not able to voice your location. Having that local telephone number is important because your call would be expedited to the local paramedic or to the local police department that has jurisdiction over where you may be. It is never too early to teach kids about the proper uses of 911. You never know when an emergency will happen, and your child may be the only one who is able to get help. Teach children how to dial the number and stay on the line and when they should and shouldn’t dial 911. One bad example is when my children were looking for me. They knew at the time that I worked at the 911 center. They dialed 911 and asked for their mom. That is not a true, good 911 call. Discourage your children from making inquiries to that emergency line. Every day, public safety dispatchers help save lives, provide comfort and re-assurance, and are a critical part of our law enforcement teams, but, too often, their work goes unrecognized. When you need a calming voice to guide you through a crisis, when law enforce-ment, fire safety, and rescue personnel are in need of seamless coordination at a moment’s notice, when every second counts, they are on the other line. 911 dispatchers are the unsung heroes of the first responder community. I want to share with you another story of a 911 dispatcher: 
I had to make sacrifices as a soldier to serve my country, and I have to make sac-rifices as a dispatcher to serve my commu-nity. I knew this when I chose this profes-sion—we have to be on call; we have to work overtime; we have to work holidays; we have to work nights; we have to work weekends; and we have to be reachable 24/7, and it is tough. I spent most of my life in the service of others—22 years in the military, 8 years with the Texas Youth Commission, over 2 years in Iraq assisting military forces, and nearly 8 years as a 911 dispatcher. I can’t remember how many life events I have not been a part of because I was working, sacrificing, in order to help others. It is only tolerable and manageable with the assistance of my fellow team and family members helping me when I just couldn’t get through it without their help. We have committed ourselves to this call-ing, and we are very good at it. We have sac-rificed ourselves in the service of others be-cause someone had to do it. 
That came from Richard Dulin of the Coleman Police Department. 
The first thing he said when I answered the phone was: ‘‘I just shot myself in the heart.’’ Given that he was still speaking, I figured he probably didn’t hit his heart, but the point was pretty clear. I established that he had, in fact, shot himself in the chest about 30 minutes before he had dialed 911. He waited to call because he was not sure if he wanted to live. Unfortunately, we don’t tend to get a lot of closure, so I have no idea if he lived or died. 
Kyle from Kitsap County, Wash-ington. The stories go on and on, and I could go on and on for the rest of the time and share with you about the wonder-ful work that these committed people do each and every single day for our communities. I close, Mr. Speaker, by thanking the 911 dispatchers and recognizing the hard work they do for our communities every single day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 192. An act to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 4 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 14, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.061 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1678 April 13, 2016 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5013. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a letter reporting a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Department of Defense Office of the Inspector General case number 15-01, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258, Sec. 1351; (96 Stat. 926); to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 5014. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General David D. Halverson, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5015. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army, Acquisition, Logis-tics, and Technology, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Report on Use of Au-thority for Army Industrial Facilities to En-gage in Cooperative Activities with Non- Army Entities, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4544 note; Public Law 110-181, Sec. 328(b) (as amended by Public Law 112-81, Sec. 323(b)) (125 Stat. 1362); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5016. A letter from the Law Enforcement Policy Analyst, Office of the Provost Mar-shal General, Department of the Army, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Law Enforcement Reporting [Docket No.: USA-2010-0020] (RIN: 0702-AA62) received April 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 5017. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Mark S. Bowman, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104- 106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5018. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Ala-bama: Ariton, Town of, Dale County [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8427] received April 11, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5019. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting the Federal Financial Institu-tions Examination Council 2015 Annual Re-port, pursuant to Sec. 1006(f) of the Financial Regulatory and Interest Rate Control Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3305); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 5020. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Interpretations; Office of Exemption Determinations, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Definition of the Term ‘‘Fiduciary’’; Conflict of Interest Rule- -Retirement Investment Advice (RIN: 1210- AB32) (ZRIN: 1210-ZA25) received April 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5021. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s FY 2015 Performance Report to Congress, pursuant to the Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5022. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Affairs Division, Con-sumer Product Safety Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Safe-ty Standard for Architectural Glazing Mate-rials [CPSC Docket No.: CPSC-2012-0049] re-ceived April 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5023. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 Medical Device User Fee Financial Report required by the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5024. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 report on the financial aspects of the imple-mentation of the Biosimilar User Fee Act of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 5025. A letter from the Chief, Policy and Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Revision of Part 15 of the Com-mission’s Rules to Permit Unlicensed Na-tional Information Infrastructure (U-NII) Devices in the 5 GHz Band [ET Docket No.: 13-49] received April 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5026. A letter from the Associate General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting a notification of a federal vacancy and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5027. A letter from the Human Resources Specialist, Department of Justice, transmit-ting six notifications that concern positions requiring Presidential nomination and Sen-ate confirmation, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5028. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5029. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursu-ant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5030. A letter from the Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5031. A letter from the Administrator, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5032. A letter from the Director, Office of Equal Employment Opportunity Programs, National Archives and Records Administra-tion, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5033. A letter from the Chairman, Occupa-tional Safety and Health Review Commis-sion, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5034. A letter from the Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5035. A letter from the Senior Advisor to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting the Federal Voting Assistance Program’s 2015 Annual Report to Congress, pursuant to 52 U.S.C. 20308(b) Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on House Administration. 5036. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting the Department’s final rules — Revised Procedural Schedule in Stand-Alone Cost Cases [Docket No.: EP 732] received April 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5037. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled, ‘‘Special Diabetes Program for Indians 2014 Report to Congress, Changing the Course of Diabetes: Turning Hope into Reality’’, pursuant to Public Law 105-33; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Natural Resources. 5038. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Finalizing Medicare Rules under Sec-tion 902 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 for Calendar Year 2015’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395hh(a)(3)(D); Public Law 108-173, Sec. 902(a)(1); (117 Stat. 2375); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. 5039. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of the Workers’ Compensation Offset from Age 65 to Full Retirement Age — Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act [Docket No.: SSA-2015-0018] (RIN: 0960-AH85) received April 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4509. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to clarify member-ship of State planning committees or urban area working groups for the Homeland Secu-rity Grant Program, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–491). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4482. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to prepare a southwest border threat analysis, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–492). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4549. A bill to require the Trans-portation Security Administration to con-duct security screening at certain airports, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.000 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1679 April 13, 2016 
and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–493). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4921. A bill to amend chapter 31 of title 44, United States Code, to require the maintenance of certain records for 3 years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 4922. A bill to amend section 552 of title 5, United States Code, to apply the re-quirements of the Freedom of Information Act to the National Security Council, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R
EED, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Mr. B LUM): H.R. 4923. A bill to establish a process for the submission and consideration of peti-tions for temporary duty suspensions and re-ductions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-self, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. P ETERSON , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-sas, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. P
ITTS, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. F
LEMING , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C AR-
TER of Georgia, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. G RAVES of Geor-gia, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. S
AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. S HUSTER , Mrs. L UM-
MIS, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. K
LINE, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. F ORBES , and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 4924. A bill to prohibit discrimination against the unborn on the basis of sex or race, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. CHABOT , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Ohio, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. J ORDAN , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. U PTON , Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. T
URNER , Mr. G IBBS, and Ms. F
UDGE ): H.R. 4925. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building‘‘; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. G
OH-
MERT , Mr. B RAT, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B
OUSTANY , and Mr. T URNER ): H.R. 4926. A bill to direct the Librarian of Congress to retain the headings ‘‘Aliens’’ and ’’Illegal aliens’’ in the Library of Congress Subject Headings; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 4927. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to require congressional approval of de-terminations to revoke the designation of the People’s Republic of China as a non-market economy country for purposes of that Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUINTA (for himself, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. F
INCHER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B OST, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan): H.R. 4928. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to amend the re-quirement that interstate firearms sales by Federal firearms licensees be made in ac-cordance with the State law where the trans-action occurs; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Ms. D
EGETTE ): H.R. 4929. A bill to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act to establish a bi-ennial commission to develop a comprehen-sive energy policy for the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and Mr. N
UNES ): H.R. 4930. A bill to ensure appropriate pro-tections and redress for travelers, consistent with the transportation security and na-tional security of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 4931. A bill to direct the Attorney General to establish a national pharma-ceutical stewardship program to facilitate the collection and disposal of prescription medications; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): H.R. 4932. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on inaccurate caller identifica-tion information and to require providers of telephone service to offer technology to sub-scribers to reduce the incidence of unwanted telephone calls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mr. HANNA ): H.R. 4933. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to change certain eligi-bility provisions for loan forgiveness for teachers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself and Mr. R
EICHERT ): H.R. 4934. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the excise tax on wine; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. TSONGAS (for herself, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 4935. A bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to require compliance with do-mestic source requirements for footwear fur-nished to enlisted members of the Armed Forces upon their initial entry into the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. K LINE, Mr. E MMER  of Minnesota, and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H. Res. 677. A resolution congratulating the University of Minnesota Women’s Ice Hockey Team on winning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Women’s Ice Hockey Championship; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Ms. S
LAUGHTER ): H. Res. 678. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of March 27, 2016, through April 2, 2016, as National Young Au-diences Arts for Learning Week; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. E
DWARDS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. A
MODEI , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. F
ATTAH , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK ): H. Res. 679. A resolution expressing support for designation of May 2016 as ‘‘National Brain Tumor Awareness Month‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
196. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Kansas, relative to House Resolution No. 6045, urging the Federal Government to re-quire the use of sound science in evaluating crop protection chemistries and nutrients; to the Committee on Agriculture. 197. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Arkansas, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 1, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 198. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Reso-lution No. 12, supporting the recommenda-tions of the Chicago Area Waterway System 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.005 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1680 April 13, 2016 
Advisory Committee to prevent Asian Carp from entering the Great Lakes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4921. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 4922. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. ‘‘To provide for the common defense,’’ ‘‘to raise and support Armies,’’ ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy,’’ and ‘‘to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 4923. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: H.R. 4924. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) the Commerce Clause; (2) section 2 of the 13th amendment; (3) section 5 of the 14th amendment, in-cluding the power to enforce the prohibition on government action denying equal protec-tion of the laws; and (4) section 8 of article I, to make all laws necessary and proper for the carrying into execution of powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 4925. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 To establish Post Offices and post Roads. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 4926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution as well as Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18 of the United States Con-stitution which grants Congress the author-ity to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 4927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. GUINTA: H.R. 4928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, asn all other powers vested by the Con-stitution in the government of the United States By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 4929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States but all duties, imposts, and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 4930. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The authority to enact this bill is derived from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 4931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4932. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 4933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 4934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I, Sec-tion 1. By Ms. TSONGAS: H.R. 4935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 40: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 228: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 303: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 333: Mr. T
AKAI. H.R. 415: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 446: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 491: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 581: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 605: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 729: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 762: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 789: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 802: Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 837: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 849: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 863: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. Z INKE. H.R. 885: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 911: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 953: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 973: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1114: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1148: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1153: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1185: Mr. KILMER , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. G IB-
SON, and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1188: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1206: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1211: Ms. E
STYand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1292: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 1336: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 1343: Mr. R
ANGEL and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1422: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1427: Mr. T
AKAI, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1441: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1523: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1552: Mr. F
ATTAH and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 1559: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1588: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1595: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 1603: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.R. 1655: Mr. R
USHand Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 1769: Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 1854: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1859: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. C
RAMER , and Ms. E STY. H.R. 1943: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1963: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2031: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2072: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2102: Mr. P
ETERSON , H.R. 2121: Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 2170: Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2237: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2264: Mr. H
ARPER and Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 2274: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2280: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2368: Mr. W
ALZand Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 2411: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2518: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2656: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 2713: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2726: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2805: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 2846: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2872: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 2903: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. T HOMPSON  of California. H.R. 2920: Mr. G
IBSON and Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 2942: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2992: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3002: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3007: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 3054: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 3119: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 3123: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3165: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3180: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 3209: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 3235: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3326: Ms. K
USTER , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 3349: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 3374: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 3381: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. P OMPEO , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. B
ARLETTA , and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 3427: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3514: Mr. K
IND, Ms. M OORE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H OYER , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 3515: Mr. H
ENSARLING and Mr. C REN-
SHAW . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.001 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1681 April 13, 2016 
H.R. 3546: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. C
UMMINGS , and Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida. H.R. 3604: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3632: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3687: Ms. D
ELAURO and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 3765: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3841: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 3849: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 3870: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. C ARNEY . H.R. 3871: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 3952: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 3989: Mr. V
EASEY and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4006: Mr. C
OSTA and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 4027: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4055: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4165: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 4219: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 4223: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 4247: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 4352: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 4365: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4447: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4499: Mr. C
ARNEY , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 4514: Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 4538: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 4558: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4562: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 4563: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 4570: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 4594: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 4599: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 4602: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4611: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4615: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. F ARR. H.R. 4617: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 4625: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 4636: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 4646: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. B EYER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4652: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4667: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida and Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 4683: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 4684: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 4694: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 4706: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 4715: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4750: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 4756: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4764: Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. B RAT, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 4765: Mr. H
IGGINS and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4768: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 4770: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 4775: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. L ONG, and Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 4779: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 4787: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 4792: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4807: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 4818: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California and Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4828: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 4829: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 4830: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 4835: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 4844: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4851: Ms. M
CSALLY and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 4880: Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 4892: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 4901: Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 4904: Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. H
URDof Texas. H.R. 4915: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4919: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.J. Res. 52: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H. Con. Res. 112: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. G
OSAR . H. Res. 14: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 290: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H. Res. 318: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H. Res. 569: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H. Res. 590: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H. Res. 591: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York. H. Res. 612: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 633: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H. Res. 634: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C
OLE, and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 645: Mr. P
OMPEO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1983 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 2016 No. 56 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, the refuge of the dis-tressed, thank You that in our troubles You sustain us with Your loving kind-ness and tender mercy. Forgive us when we neglect to find in You a shel-ter from life’s storms. Today, fill our Senators with a vi-brant faith. Give them complete con-fidence in Your providential leading. May the fire of Your love consume all things in their lives that displease You. As they are led by Your Spirit, give them Your peace. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, whether traveling for business or lei-sure, American passengers want to feel safe and informed when flying. They also want to feel assured that in light of recent terror attacks, more is being done in our airports and in our skies. Chairman T
HUNE knows this, and that is why he has worked attentively with Members from both sides to put forth this bipartisan FAA reauthorization and security bill. I appreciate his work with the Aviation Subcommittee chair, Senator AYOTTE , and their counter-parts, Senator N
ELSON and Senator C
ANTWELL , to move this important bill forward. There are several good security measures included in the bill, such as increased efforts to prevent cyber secu-rity risks and efforts to help better prepare us when it comes to commu-nicable diseases. But these Senators didn’t stop there; they worked to in-clude additional safety measures in an amendment that passed by a bipartisan majority. Here is what we know the amend-ment will do: It will help prevent the ‘‘inside threat’’ of terrorism by enhanc-ing inspections and vetting of airport employees. It will require a review of perimeter security. It will also improve various efforts to secure international flights coming into our airports. In addition to these steps designed to ramp up security, we also adopted an amendment from Senator H
EINRICH  that would increase security in prescreening areas which could be vul-nerable to terror attacks. And Sen-ators T
OOMEY and C ASEY have worked tirelessly to get the Senate to pass an amendment addressing the security of cockpit doors. These three amendments, put forth by Republicans and Democrats, empha-size the bipartisan nature of this issue and of this bipartisan FAA reauthor-ization and security bill. Nearly 60 amendments from both sides were accepted in committee, and more than a dozen from both sides were accepted here on the floor. I encourage Members to continue working across the aisle to move this bill forward. As the chairman reminded us yester-day, this bill contains the most com-prehensive set of aviation security re-forms in years. So let’s take the next step in passing this legislation and get-ting it one step closer to becoming law. TRIBUTE TO CHRISTINE CATUCCI Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, 40 years ago this week, Christine Catucci set out to spend her summer as a tour guide at the Capitol. She still remem-bers her first day in the summer of 1976. It was a much different time back then, without the screening protocols and limitations on where visitors could go as we have today. Christine parked her car and walked straight up the main Rotunda steps, ready to work. She didn’t have intentions of staying past the summer, much less for four decades. But today, some 16 Sergeants at Arms and 7 Presidential administra-tions later, Christine is still a smiling, friendly face to those who enter, which is important because, as director of the Senate Appointment Desk, she is often the first person a visitor sees when vis-iting the Capitol. As the years have gone by, Christine’s responsibilities and admira-tion for the Senate have grown. She still considers it an honor and a privi-lege to help those visiting the Capitol, and that is true, she says, ‘‘whether it is an official business visitor or a ‘star-ry-eyed’ tourist.’’ She says that she loves seeing the awe people have when they visit the Capitol and she is proud to be a part of that experience. The joy this institution and this ca-reer have brought to Christine obvi-ously made a pretty big impact on the love of her life, her daughter Nichole. Nichole works just one floor up from her mom, and in Christine’s words, she is ‘‘a constant reminder . . . that fam-ily comes first.’’ Today, Christine’s Senate family would like to congratulate her on this notable milestone. We thank her for her four decades of steadfast service, and we look forward to seeing the im-pact she will continue to make here in the Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.000 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1984 April 13, 2016 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
AN ENJOYABLE DIVERSION Mr. REID. Mr. President, no matter what work or occupation one has, it is always good to have a diversion away from their duties of the day. I am very careful about never speak-ing for the Republican leader, but I will make an exception today and talk a little bit about my friend the Repub-lican leader. We both find a diversion during base-ball season. We can leave here—it real-ly doesn’t matter what time; usually the games are at night—and we can watch the Nationals play baseball. The Republican leader and I have talked about this often—how much we enjoy the games—and we have enjoyed the games much more since this young man from Las Vegas, Bryce Harper, is on the baseball team, the Washington Nationals. He comes from a great fam-ily, a working family. His father was an ironworker. They are a close family. Prior to the Nationals even having a team here—I have been here a long time—I followed the Orioles, and just as a side note, I should mention how happy I am for Peter Angelos, the owner, that fine man, that his team is doing so well this year. They are 7 and 0. So Senator M
CCONNELL and I enjoy baseball season. It gives us an oppor-tunity to focus on things other than what is going on in the Senate. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTINE CATUCCI Mr. REID. Mr. President, I join with the Republican leader today in hon-oring Christine Catucci on the occa-sion, which has already been men-tioned, of her 40th anniversary of work-ing for the U.S. Senate. In any given year, about 2
1⁄2million people visit this beautiful building. Bill Dauster, who is here with me and is with me virtually every day, every place I go, was just commenting before the prayer was given how fortunate we are to work in this magnificent build-ing. And as the Republican leader men-tioned in his comments about Ms. Catucci, people become starry-eyed looking at this building. We are here all the time, and we may not appre-ciate it as much as we should every day. It is a beautiful building. For those of us who are fortunate enough to venture over to the place where she works—down on the first floor is where she spends most of her day, and that is where most of the peo-ple come into that floor—you will see a great smile. That smile belongs to her. I first saw that smile many years ago. We had a Senate retreat. She was there to help staff us, and she played a vital role in making sure the retreat worked well. I have always remembered her from that one experience. She does have a disarming smile, for which we should all be grateful. I know I am. She has been here for 40 years. The only person who has been here as a Senator longer than Christine is PAT L
EAHY from Vermont. She has senior-ity over everybody except Senator L
EAHY . Her career began in the last year of Gerald Ford’s Presidency. She worked as a tour guide, chaperoning people through the Capitol and giving people explanations as to what they were looking at at the time. In 1980 she moved to the Office of the Doorkeeper of the Senate and moved through a number of positions there for 11 years. In 1991, she arrived at the Senate Ap-pointment Desk, where she has worked for the last 25 years. She is the direc-tor, overseeing a staff of nine. Over the years, she has developed a close relationship with Senators and staff, and she can recount with pleas-ure the times that Senator Robert Byrd—the legendary Robert Byrd from West Virginia—would invite her and some of her coworkers to have lunch with him in his Capitol office. He didn’t eat much, if anything, but he talked all the time, telling stories. I was the recipient of a number of the stories of the late, great Senator Byrd. The Senate is her family, literally. Her father was a Senate doorkeeper from 1967 to 1977. Her daughter Nichole works in the cloakroom right behind us. That is three generations of Senate staffers. It was Nichole who summed up every-thing great about her mother for me when she said: ‘‘My mom raised me all by herself and did an amazing job as a single mom while working full-time.’’ So this is Christine Catucci. It is her work ethic and caring dedication that she has brought to the Senate every day for the last 40 years—four decades. Thank you very much for being a part of our Senate family. 
f 
TRANSPARENCY IN GOVERNMENT Mr. REID. Mr. President, throughout his career in the Senate, the senior Senator from Iowa has styled himself as an advocate for transparency in gov-ernment. A number of years ago he said: 
I believe in the principle of open govern-ment. Lack of transparency in the public policy process leads to cynicism and distrust of public officials. . . . As a matter of prin-ciple, the American people need to be made aware of any action that prevents a matter from being considered by their elected Sen-ators. 
He reiterated his beliefs just a few days ago here in this Chamber, and here is what he said last week: 
The principle of government transparency is one that does not expire. . . . Open govern-ment is good government. And Americans have a right to a government that is ac-countable to its people. 
So Senator G RASSLEY ’s commitment to transparency is as shallow as the shallowest puddle you could find. All it took was one phone call, obvi-ously, from the Republican leader for Senator GRASSLEY to abandon any pre-tense of transparency and shut the American people out of the Supreme Court nomination process—shut them out. This is the same Senator who once said, ‘‘As a matter of principle, the American people need to be made aware of any action that prevents a matter from being considered by their elected Senators.’’ Nothing that Senator G
RASSLEY has done with respect to the Supreme Court vacancy meets his own standard for transparency. There was no transparency when the Judiciary Committee chairman and his Republican committee members shut Democrats out and met with the Re-publican leader behind closed doors. There was no transparency when he twisted the arms of his own committee members to sign a loyalty oath, again behind closed doors. There was no transparency when he sought to move a public committee meeting behind closed doors just to avoid talking about the Supreme Court nomination. And there was certainly no trans-parency on Tuesday—yesterday—when at 8 o’clock in the morning he met downstairs with Judge Merrick Gar-land in the private Senate Dining Room moments before slipping out the back door to avoid reporters. This is how CNN reported it: ‘‘The Iowa Sen-ator left the high-profile but out-of- sight meeting via a backdoor that leads to his private ‘hideaway.’’’ One television station in Iowa put it this way: ‘‘Grassley evaded reporters.’’ This is the same Senator who once supported cameras in Federal court-rooms, including the Supreme Court. Why? To increase transparency, so he said. But Senator G
RASSLEY only wants transparency to apply to others, I guess not to himself. When it comes to transparency, his attitude is strictly: ‘‘Do as I say, not as I do.’’ He won’t even apply a degree of that same openness as he blocks a nominee to the highest Court in the land. There will be no transparency if Senator G
RASSLEY fails to call an open hearing where Chief Justice Garland can present himself to the American peo-ple. I have had people ask me: Why wouldn’t there be a hearing? Well, it is obvious. They are all afraid. The chair-man of the Judiciary Committee is afraid that this good man, if the Amer-ican people see him, will understand why he is a nomination that couldn’t be better. They are afraid to allow this man to be seen by the American public. Talking about transparency, there won’t be any if the Republican Sen-ators aren’t going to be able to even have a vote on the nomination. All of this that has been going on is not like the Senator G
RASSLEY who I have served with for more than three decades. By carrying out the present leader’s failed strategy to undermine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.001 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1985 April 13, 2016 
this Court, the Senator from Iowa is undermining years of his own hard work in pushing for more open govern-ment. All that he has done talking about transparency is gone. Senator G
RASSLEY should take his own medicine and stop retreating be-hind closed doors with private con-versations that shut the American peo-ple out of the important confirmation process. If the senior Senator from Iowa truly believes in transparency, he should simply do his job and give Merrick Garland a hearing and a vote. Mr. President, there appears to be no one seeking the floor. Will the Pre-siding Officer announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING THOMAS EATON STAGG, JR. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise in support of designating the Shreve-port Federal Building as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse.’’ The Honorable Thomas or ‘‘Tom’’ Eaton Stagg, Jr., of Shreveport passed away last June. He was an inspirational figure. He graduated from Byrd High School in Shreveport and joined the U.S. Army preparing for World War II. He rose to the rank of captain, earning the Combat Infantryman Badge, a Bronze Star for valor, another Bronze Star for meritorious service, the Purple Heart with oak leaf cluster. At one point, he was saved from death when a German bullet was stopped by a Bible he carried in his pocket. It was as if he was fated to live. After World War II, Tom attended Cambridge and then LSU Law Center and then served in private practice. Tom’s reputation was described as a combination of ‘‘intelligence, spirit, patriotism, wisdom and wit’’ and re-sulted in his nomination to serve on the Federal bench for the Western Dis-trict of Louisiana in 1974. He was named chief judge in 1984, a position he held until 1991. Many testimonials, one of which a close colleague said of Judge Stagg: Without a doubt he was the finest trial judge I have ever met. Without ever knowing it, he had served as my silent mentor, a role model. . . . To have served the job with Judge Tom Staff on the federal bench for 12 years is a singular honor. A giant has fallen . . . this remarkable man left a legacy of love of family, of duty and honor and love of this nation, its judicial system and the rule of law. 
The colleague continues: 
Tom Stagg loved being a federal judge. We will all miss him. 
Judge Stagg assumed senior status on the court in 1992, but he didn’t re-tire. He maintained a full caseload, serving on Federal circuit courts of ap-peals panels. Judge Stagg loved being a judge, but his love for the job also came second after his love for his fam-ily. Judge Stagg married the former Mary Margaret O’Brien in 1946 and is survived by her and their two grand-children, Julie and Margaret Mary. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 636, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend in-creased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Thune/Nelson) amendment No. 3679, in the nature of a substitute. Thune amendment No. 3680 (to amendment No. 3679), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I wish to speak briefly to the legislation before us, the FAA reauthorization. The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, which I chair, was instrumental in bringing this bill to the floor. Our committee has a long and proud history of bipar-tisan cooperation on important mat-ters under its jurisdiction. This ex-tends to the bill before us today, the Federal Aviation Administration Reau-thorization Act of 2016, which I, along with my colleagues, introduced and marked up in front of our committee. The legislation before us today in-cludes the most passenger-friendly pro-visions, the most significant aviation safety reforms, and the most com-prehensive aviation security enhance-ments of any FAA reauthorization in recent history. This bill helps pas-sengers and Americans who use the na-tional airspace for many different transportation needs. For example, since the last reauthor-ization of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration in 2012, the use of drones has increased dramatically. According to its most recent aerospace forecast, the FAA estimates that annual sales of both commercial and hobby unmanned aircraft could be 2.5 million in 2016—a number they estimate may increase to 7 million units annually by 2020. But the FAA has an outdated legislative framework being used to shape the use of this rapidly growing technology for both hobbyists and commercial opera-tors. This is slowing down innovation and advancements in safety. Our bill gives the FAA new authority to en-force safe drone usage. This includes efforts to make sure drone users know and follow basic rules of the sky to avoid dangerous situations. To support job growth in the aero-space industry, our legislation reforms the process the FAA uses for approving new aircraft designs. Our goal is to shorten the time it takes for U.S. aero-space innovations to go from design boards to international markets while maintaining safety standards. For the general aviation community, we are also streamlining redtape and adding safety enhancements for small aircraft by including provisions from the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2. Finally, we increase authorized fund-ing for the Airport Improvement Pro-gram, which pays for infrastructure like runways, by $400 million with ex-isting surplus funds. This allows us to help meet pressing construction needs without raising taxes or fees on the traveling public. We developed this bill through a ro-bust and open process that allowed every member of the Commerce Com-mittee to help guide the content of this critical aviation legislation. Last year the Commerce Committee held six hearings on topics that helped inform our legislation. At the committee markup last month, we accepted 57 amendments, 34 of which were spon-sored by Democrats and 23 of which were sponsored by Republicans. Since debate began on the bill last week, we have successfully included an additional 19 amendments here on the floor of the Senate. Ten of these amendments are sponsored by Demo-crats and nine by Republicans. This bill deserves the Senate’s sup-port. I urge Members to remember all of the important improvements this legislation puts in place for aviation security, consumer protection efforts, American innovation, safety, and job 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.003 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1986 April 13, 2016 
creation. I hope we will be able to send this bill to the House soon. We are on a pathway that will enable us to do that. As I mentioned before, we have had a number of amendments that have been disposed of, processed here on the floor already. Nineteen amendments have been added to the bill since it came to the floor, in addition to the 57 we adopted at the committee level. I want to credit the hard work that has been done by the staffs on both sides. The Commerce Committee staff obviously has been very involved on the majority side as well as the minor-ity side in helping to shape this as it came out of the committee and to the floor. Lots of hours were put into get-ting us to where we are today. I think where we are is we have a bipartisan bill which has been broadly supported coming out of the committee, which has numerous safety enhancements in it—the most we have seen in a decade— and a bill which is worthy of all Sen-ators’ support. Having said that, there are other amendments that have been filed. I am not sure what the number is today, but we had 198 amendments filed to the bill, and we are continuing to work with the sponsors of those amendments to try to get additional amendments adopted. We obviously have to have co-operation from Members on both sides in order for that to happen. We have a list of another 10 or a dozen amend-ments we think could be cleared and could be added to the legislation, but we are going to need Members who cur-rently have holds on that process to lift those holds. We are on a glidepath to getting this bill to votes coming up tomorrow, so we have today and perhaps part of to-morrow in which to process additional amendments. I hope Members will de-cide to work with us. We think this bill has obviously been very well vetted. As I said, it was debated heavily at the committee level, and we have now had opportunities to offer amendments on the floor. But there are always ways in which it can be improved. There are a lot of worthy amendments that Mem-bers have interest in adding to this leg-islation, some of which are germane to the legislation, some of which are not. Obviously, once we get to cloture on the bill, only those amendments that are germane will be able to be voted on, but we would like to get other amendments processed. So what I am saying is that through-out the day today, if Members will work with us, and for those who cur-rently have holds on that process mov-ing forward, if you would lift those, it will enable us to process a lot of amendments Senators are interested in having added to the bill. We will continue throughout the day to negotiate with Members and hope-fully have an additional list of amend-ments that we can adopt. I would say again that my colleague, the ranking Democrat on the Commerce Com-mittee, Senator N
ELSON and I have worked very carefully throughout this process to make sure it is an open proc-ess and incorporates the best ideas from both sides. Today we have in front of us a bill which I think does that, and that is the reason I think it is very worthy of our Members’ sup-port. We have had a lot of participation. Members of our committee on both sides have had ample opportunities to get amendments considered and voted on, 57 of which were adopted during the committee deliberations on this. It is the product of a lot of work. I think we are at a place that when we report this out, it is a product we can be proud of, and we can send it to the House of Representatives in hopes that they will pick it up or, if they de-cide to pass their own version of this legislation, meet us in conference where we can work out the differences but get these important safety meas-ures—these important measures that will support jobs and innovation in our economy—onto the President’s desk where they can be signed into law and can be implemented and put into ef-fect. That is where we are at the moment. Again, I thank all of our colleagues for their cooperation to date and hope that we can see more of that moving for-ward because it will enable us, in my view, to continue to strengthen this bill before it gets to its ultimate pas-sage, which I hope will be sometime later this week. We have been on it now for a couple of weeks, and it is time to get it off the floor, get it to the House, and, hopefully, eventually onto the President’s desk. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. TERRORISM  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, as I traveled all over Oklahoma during the State work weeks in March, I heard the concerns over and over from families in my State about terrorism. I talked with a gentleman in Coalgate, OK, who absolutely could not understand how the United States could release $1 bil-lion to Iran the same month that rural hospitals across our State and across America were facing new cuts from CMS in new criteria there. That $1 bil-lion that was sent by the United States to Iran could have bailed out every sin-gle rural hospital in America. I talked to a mom in Lawton who did not understand why there was a con-versation in DC about closing the Guantanamo Bay detention facility and bringing those individuals into the United States. I talked to a dad in Tulsa, a dad of a soldier, who wanted to know what is happening with terrorism and what is America’s response. I talked to an Oklahoma business owner who is very concerned about cyber security and the threat of foreign governments attacking his network and other networks and businesses around the country. As details come out about what hap-pened in Brussels in that terrorist at-tack, every American has their secu-rity and their family in mind. I con-tinue to pray for the victims of those awful attacks and work to determine the best way our great Nation can con-front this threat. As the only Member of this body who serves on both the Homeland Security and the Intelligence Committees, I have the privilege to ensure that Okla-homans and Americans have a strong voice in the discussion over our Na-tion’s national security priorities. There is no simple solution, though, and there is no single method to con-front terrorism. But we must be abso-lutely clear that terrorists will find no quarter in the land of the free, in the home of the brave. As a member of the Senate Intel-ligence Committee, I walk behind a heavy door several times a week to hear the sobering details about foreign threats and the amazing work that Americans do to confront them. I wish we could talk about all those things here because I believe Americans would be very proud of the work that is going on. We can talk about disrupted terrorist plots and insight into adversaries’ plans that allow us to adjust and to prepare and to confront those terror-ists before they bring the fight here. There are hard questions behind those closed doors. Oversight should be ex-pected, and open discussions should be expected. Let me say today how incredibly grateful I am for the people in the in-telligence community who work hard every single day. Members of our mili-tary and members of law enforcement around the country wear uniforms, and we get a chance to say thank you to them personally when we see them. But members of the intelligence com-munity are patriotic Americans who are working to protect their families and our families every day. We don’t get to say thank you to them because we don’t know who they are. But let me say thank you to them today from our country. Right now, members of radical Is-lamic groups around the world are call-ing out on social media, through encrypted messages and in public fo-rums around the world, for the small minority of Muslims who believe as they do and who believe in their hate- filled doomsday mission. They tell peo-ple that if they believe as they do, they should kill as they do. ISIS is enraged by our views about free speech, free-dom of religion, girls attending school, equal pay, equal opportunity, and even voting in elections. It is almost impos-sible for Americans to imagine their hatred for the modern world and for freedom and basic human rights. How do you win against an enemy like that? You confront them is how you do it, not ignore them. You deal with their ideology that spreads like a cancer around social media platforms around the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.005 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1987 April 13, 2016 
Some people say poverty and lack of education creates radicalism. There are billions of people in the world who live in poverty, and most of them do not practice this particular form of radical Islam. The shooters in San Bernardino, CA, weren’t living in pov-erty or lacking in education. The kill-ers in Paris and Brussels were not iso-lated and poor. While refugees and iso-lated communities in poverty are un-doubtedly breeding grounds for anger and frustration, that is not the pri-mary cancer of terrorism. There are millions of people living as refugees in the world right now who are not ex-tremists. They are not terrorists; they just want peace so they can go home and have a normal life again. We do have a moral and national se-curity obligation to help the vulner-able when we can. The refugee crisis is immense, and it is affecting millions worldwide. Many countries are at the brink, and we need to stay engaged. But America has already given billions of dollars in aid. No country—no coun-try has done more for the refugees than the United States. Our logistics, our support, and our financial aid have sus-tained most of the refugee commu-nities there either through direct aid or what we are doing through the United Nations right now. But the peo-ple living as refugees need access to education and training so their chil-dren will grow up with skills and op-portunity. We can help them have a second chance. But that is not the pri-mary source. We need to engage with religious leaders around the world. We cannot and we will not define faith for them, but we can challenge any faith that promotes the death of people because of their race, their belief, or their gen-der. We should work to shut off terror-ists’ financing around the world, their illegal energy trade, their drug traf-ficking, their extortions, and persons in wealthy countries who send money with the implicit promise that those terrorists will not bring terrorism to their country if only they will send them money to do terrorism in other places. We must also fight and confront those individuals militarily. We must learn the lesson of 9/11. They are not just a group of radical thugs over there who we can ignore. They hate us, and they will find every way possible to at-tack us here and to attack our allies. No one wants war, but we cannot stand by and watch terrorists beheading Egyptian Christians on the beaches of Libya, killing Shia Muslims because of their faith in Iraq, blowing themselves up in an airport in Brussels, shooting people at a rock concert or a syna-gogue in Paris or just people enjoying a party at work in California. We can’t put our heads in the sand and ignore what is really happening and assume it will just go away if we do nothing. As long as they hold territory, they call out to people worldwide to come join them in their caliphate to come fight for them or to fight where they are. We are Americans. We lose track of that at times, I am afraid. No one in the world has the same logistical capa-bility as the United States of America. No one in the world has the most moral, most powerful military in the world like the United States of Amer-ica. No one has our intelligence capa-bility. No one in the world has our Tax Code planning capability. So the whole world is waiting on America to decide what we are going to do so they can de-cide if they are going to join us in this fight against this radical Islamic ter-rorism. It is not about massive troops on the ground; it is about a clear plan and a clear strategy to carry it out. It is why the Russians currently look more mobile and more capable than us all of a sudden. So the ‘‘now what’’ question rises large in this body. No. 1, there are multiple proposals in State and foreign operations for how we can engage in peaceful activities: helping refugees, helping those in pov-erty, helping to bring education to places, helping engage diplomatically with religious leaders around the world and with other countries to deal with terrorist financing. Those are things we could and should do and should do more aggressively. No. 2, the national defense authoriza-tion is coming, and it is coming soon. We need to give great military clar-ity—not only rules of engagement in the battlefield, but what is the clear purpose militarily for the United States in this battle against radical Islam? No. 3 is tougher for this Nation, ap-parently: Believe and understand that Iran is one of the key areas in this fight. I believe this administration has been too eager to believe good news about Iran and is ignoring the concerns that many of us hold. I have stood here several times in the past year to speak out against the President’s reckless nuclear deal with the Iranian Aya-tollah. I didn’t like it then, I still don’t like it, and I still don’t believe Iran can be trusted to be able to carry out its end of bargain. I recently authored a resolution that clearly outlines to the administration how the United States should respond if Iran—and I believe when Iran— breaches the nuclear agreement. We should reapply waived sanctions and U.N. Security Council resolutions and limit Iran’s ability to import defensive equipment so they can stop fortifying their nuclear capabilities over the next 10 years. When all the enrichment limi-tations are lifted, they will be well pre-pared to defend those facilities they have now created. As I have said many times, until Iran proves it is a peaceful, responsible player in the Middle East, the inter-national community must be vigilant in pushing back against Iran’s harmful and destructive influence among its neighbors. Last week I spoke with Adam Szubin, Acting Under Secretary of the Treas-ury’s Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, and he communicated to me exactly what everyone already knows and fears—that Iran has become even more of a destabilizing factor in the region after the nuclear deal was signed. This is clearly evident in Iran’s con-tinued, unabashed support for ter-rorism and terrorist organizations such as Hezbollah, their propping up of the Assad regime in Syria—a government that continues to blow up its own peo-ple and butcher its own people—and Iran’s shipments of weapons to rebels in Yemen to be able to fuel their civil war there, right on Saudi Arabia’s southern border. We haven’t even discussed Iran’s testing of ballistic missiles in direct violation of international law. If Iran can’t be trusted to uphold the law now, how can it be trusted to be able to up-hold some agreement which it hasn’t even signed? That is the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action. Congressionally imposed sanctions on Iran is what brought the Ayatollah to the negotiating table. Let’s be hon-est about this. Regardless of what some people may say about the momentum of the moderates and the reformists in-side of Iran, Iran’s foreign policy, espe-cially in dealing with the United States, runs through the Ayatollah Khamenei. He has made it crystal clear that his regime is built on radical Islamist views, and this particular view of Shia Islam—though it is opposed to ISIS—is supportive of spreading their views around the world. It is absolutely anti-American. It is essential that the Treasury con-tinue to completely shut down Iran’s access to the U.S. dollar, and it is es-sential that Treasury rigorously en-force the still-standing human rights and terrorism-related sanctions on Iran. I spoke with DNI Clapper in this ad-ministration just a few weeks ago. When I asked the Director of National Intelligence if there has been any change in Iran’s focus on being the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world, this administration’s Direc-tor of National Intelligence said there has been no change in Iran’s behavior since the nuclear deal was signed in re-lation to terrorism. We should not release known terror-ists or bring them to U.S. soil. I can’t believe I have to even raise this as an issue in this Nation. We should keep Guantanamo Bay, known as Gitmo— that detention facility—open and oper-ational rather than releasing known terrorists back into the battlefield or bringing them to the United States. In this era of growing threats, why would we irresponsibly release these individuals? Senator K
IRKand I, along with four other members of this body, introduced a bill last week to prohibit the President from transferring terror-ists detained in Guantanamo Bay to any other state where they may go and actually sponsor terrorism. It is not a hard decision; it is common sense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.006 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1988 April 13, 2016 
Our bill is very clear: If those indi-viduals are transferred out of Guanta-namo to some other state and then they later commit some act of ter-rorism, that state’s foreign aid is cut off. The expectation is if these individ-uals go to that location, that location is actually going to monitor them. Americans assume that at this point, but it is not happening. Senator I
NHOFE and I will introduce a bill later today which prohibits the transfer to the United States or release of terrorists held in Guantanamo Bay. It also goes further than what we do with Senator K
IRK’s bill, and it actu-ally prohibits the President from clos-ing the facility entirely. The President should not risk our Nation’s national security just to fulfill some campaign promise that makes absolutely no sense and puts our country at risk. The executive branch occasionally laments congressional engagement in foreign policy, but this is the way the American people speak out because the people in Oklahoma are absolutely con-cerned about what is happening in na-tional security and they want this ad-ministration to hear it loud and clear. There seems to be no clear plan, and the plans that are clear seem to weak-en our resolve on national security. Today I simply ask my colleagues to join me and do what the people who we represent sent us here to do—to assume the mantle of responsibility as leaders and to show them that we are not afraid to work with this administra-tion or any administration. We need to take responsibility for setting the Na-tion’s national security agenda. It must be done. It can’t be done just militarily. It must be done in a broad method by reaching out, not only strategically and diplomatically through our State Department but also militarily with a clear focus to make sure we protect the Nation and that we don’t release ter-rorists and actually do what we are supposed to do—guard this Nation’s se-curity. With that, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, if we ask most Americans: What is the dif-ference between a for-profit college and university and a not-for-profit college and university, a private university, most of them would say: I am not sure I can tell you. Well, certainly for-profit, by defini-tion, is a business. It is primarily a business that generates a profit for the company if it is successful. It pays for the salaries and compensation of those who work for the company, and if there are shareholders, it tries to increase the value of shares and maybe even pay a dividend. The others—the not-for-profits—by definition don’t do that, and most pri-vate universities are not for profit. Ex-amples: University of Illinois, a public university, the University of Maryland. Private universities: Georgetown Uni-versity, George Washington University. For-profit universities: The University of Phoenix—people have probably heard of it—DeVry University out of Chicago, IL; ITT Tech; Kaplan, these are for-profit colleges and universities. Are they different? They are dramati-cally different. Let me give my colleagues three numbers that define the difference be-tween for-profit colleges and univer-sities and all the others. Here are the numbers: Ten percent of all of college students in America go to for-profit colleges and universities, like the Uni-versity of Phoenix. These, many times online, universities including Kaplan and DeVry, 10 percent of the students go to them. Twenty percent of all of the Federal aid to education goes to for-profit col-leges and universities. Why is it twice as much as the percentage of students? They are darned expensive. They have tuition that is usually much more cost-ly than other colleges and universities. So that is 10 percent of the students, 20 percent of the Federal aid to edu-cation, and the next number is 40. Forty percent of all the student loan defaults in the United States of Amer-ica are students attending for-profit colleges and universities—10 percent of the students, 40 percent of the student loan defaults. Why? The answer is obvi-ous. They are very expensive and the education they provide often isn’t worth much. Students who enroll and start courses at for-profit colleges and uni-versities get in over their heads and drop out—the worst possible outcome. Now they are deep in debt with no de-gree, and they default on their loan. Some finish, and for many of them, it is even worse. After they have stacked up all of this debt, they graduate from a for-profit college and university and find out the diploma is worthless. That is the reality of higher education in America today. For quite a long time I have come to the Senate floor and talked about these for-profit colleges and universities. I got into this by meeting a young woman from a southern suburb of Cook County. She went to a place called Westwood College, a for-profit college and university based out of Colorado. She had been watching all of these CSI shows and the rest of them. She was just caught up in law enforcement. She wanted to get into law enforcement. So she enrolled at this for-profit college— Westwood—and started attending classes. Well, it turned out to be expen-sive, and then it turned out to be a dis-aster. Five years later, she graduated and received her diploma from Westwood. She took the diploma to police depart-ments and sheriffs’ offices all around the region and they looked at her and said: Sorry, but that is not a real uni-versity. You have gone to school there for 5 years, and I know you have the di-ploma, but we don’t recognize Westwood. Westwood College is not a real university. So she found out her diploma was worthless, she couldn’t get a job, but here is the worst part: At that point, she had $95,000 in student debt—$95,000 in debt—and a worthless diploma. Where do you turn? Well, let me tell you what happened to her. She moved back in with her parents, living in the basement. Her dad came out of retirement, took a job to try to help her pay off her student loans at Westwood, and she started to think about: How do I go to a real school now—a community college or something—so I can get an education. She wasted 5 years of her life, and her decisions from that point forward will reflect the fact that she had this ter-rible experience. There are things which these for- profit colleges and universities do which other universities wouldn’t do. I want to talk about one of them today. The abuses of this industry are clear. Hundreds of thousands of students have been deceived, misled, and harassed into enrolling in these schools where they end up with a mountain of debt and a worthless diploma. Every day seems to bring news about another for- profit college scam, and I have been giving these speeches for a while, and it keeps unfolding day after day. Here is the latest: the complaint the attor-ney general of Massachusetts filed re-cently against ITT Tech for abusive re-cruitment tactics. I know this ITT Tech because in my hometown of Springfield, IL, at White Oaks Mall, they have a big sign. They look like the real thing, but when Massachusetts took a look at their recruiting tactics, it turned out they were lying to the students. You see, they need to lure in students to sign up at ITT Tech, they make promises they can’t keep, and many times they lure in students who are not ready for college. Why do they do that? Because the minute a low-in-come student signs up at ITT Tech, the Pell grant, which goes to low-income college students, flows through the stu-dent to ITT Tech. There is $5,800 just for being low income and signing up, not to mention what follows—the col-lege student loans. If a student is lucky—if they are lucky—the for-profit college will lead them to the college loans originated by the government. Those are more rea-sonable. If they are unlucky, they get steered by these for-profit colleges to private loans with dramatically higher interest rates and terms which are not the least bit forgiving. We say to ourselves: These students ought to know better. Well, how smart were you when it came to the ways of the world when you were 19 years old? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.007 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1989 April 13, 2016 
How much did you know about bor-rowing $10,000 when you were 19 or 20 years old, when they shoved across the desk a stack of papers and said: If you will sign these for your loan, you will be able to start classes Monday. You know what happens. The students sign up. They have been told their whole lives: This is what you need to do. When you finish high school, you go to college. Here is another part of it that is very important. Right now, the Department of Education is working on new Fed-eral regulations so that when the stu-dents go to these for-profit schools—or any school for that matter—and the school engages in unfair, deceptive, or abusive conduct, there is some protec-tion. The Department has set up a rule-making, but because the negotiations with outside stakeholders haven’t reached a consensus, they are still working on the rule. Let me talk about one issue that I think is critical that is under consider-ation by the Department of Education when it comes to these for-profit col-leges: mandatory arbitration clauses. You are going to find at for-profit col-leges—and at virtually no other col-lege—a little paragraph stuck in that enrollment agreement, stuck in your enrollment contract, which says that if you have any grievance with that for- profit school, if you think they de-ceived you, defrauded you, lied to you, if you think that you got in debt for a promised degree that was going to lead to a job, you can’t plead your case in court after you sign this agreement. You have to go to mandatory arbitra-tion. Mandatory arbitration, for those not familiar with it, is a closed-door process. The company or school, in this case, sets standards about who will de-cide your fate and about what of any-thing that happened to you ever be-comes public. Why do the for-profit schools do this? They don’t want to be taken to court—no company does. They certainly don’t want to face a class action lawsuit by students who have been defrauded by these for-profit schools, and they certainly don’t want the Department of Education to know that a certain number of students of for-profit schools have a grievance about the way they were treated. So they have come up with a mandatory arbitration clause in documents a stu-dent has to sign to go to class. Stu-dents by and large don’t even see them. They are buried in the document. If they did see them, they would find it hard to even explain. These clauses re-quire students to give up their right to a day in court. It means, for example, that if a student is misled or deceived by the school’s advertising or Web site and the student goes into debt and then can’t find a job or can’t qualify for a job that they promised you could, the student doesn’t get a day in court. In-stead, the student is forced into the se-cret arbitration proceeding where the deck is stacked against them. It allows schools to avoid accountability for misconduct. It prevents prospective students from knowing that there were an awful lot of other students at the same school that had the same bad ex-perience. It is fine for schools to give students the choice of arbitration, but to say it is mandatory and that you have no other choice is wrong. Mandatory arbi-tration clauses are not used by legiti-mate not-for-profit colleges and uni-versities. Not-for-profit colleges, public and private, are comfortable with being held accountable to the students. They don’t require mandatory arbitration in order for the students to sign up for classes. The Association of Public Land Grant Universities, the National Asso-ciation of Independent Colleges and Universities, the Association of Com-munity College Trustees, and the American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers all confirmed what I just said. Unfortu-nately, mandatory arbitration clauses are a hallmark of the for-profit indus-try, used by nearly all major compa-nies—DeVry, the University of Phoe-nix, and ITT Tech, just to name a few. These same clauses were used by a for-profit school called Corinthian, which went bankrupt. What happens when a for-profit college goes bank-rupt? They have received the money through the student from the Federal Government. They have received all those Pell grants. They have received the money for government loans, and now they are officially out of business. Where does that leave the student if the school closes? Well, we give them a pretty tough choice. The first choice is to keep the credit hours they earned at the for-profit school and transfer to an-other school—too often another for- profit. Is that worth the effort? Well, the student has to decide or drop those credit hours of the for-profit school and get what is called a closed school dis-charge. You don’t have to pay it back. Who loses in that deal? The taxpayers. The taxpayers who have sent thousands of dollars to these worthless for-profit schools. I am hoping the Department of Edu-cation will promulgate a rule that pro-tects students and their families when it comes to these for-profit schools. There is one last thing I want to say about college loans, and it probably is the most important. If someone bor-rows money for a car or a home or a piece of property somewhere or to buy some goods and then they fall on hard times—somebody in the family gets sick, there are big medical bills, some-one loses a job, or there is a divorce— and they are forced into bankruptcy court to clear their debts, they are going to find out if they have a student loan, they can’t discharge a student loan in bankruptcy. It means, frankly, that it is with them for a lifetime. When grandma decides to cosign her granddaughter’s college loan and her granddaughter defaults on the loan, the collection agency calls her grand-mother. We have cases that have been reported where grandmothers have their Social Security checks basically garnished to pay off the grand-daughter’s student loan. It is a debt, frankly, that will be with them for a lifetime. That is why this conversation is so important. A few years ago, the for-profit col-leges and universities ended up with the same treatment as every other col-lege and university, and they, too, when it comes to student debt, have their investment protected because the student cannot discharge it in bank-ruptcy. This Senator thinks the Department of Education has the authority to clean this up. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a legal analysis put together by Public Citizen outlining the authority the De-partment of Education has to ban man-datory arbitration. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
PUBLIC CITIZEN , Washington, DC, February 24, 2016. Dr. J
OHNB. K ING, Jr., Acting Secretary of Education, Washington, DC. 
CITIZEN PETITION  The federal government spends more than $128 billion annually on student aid distrib-uted under Title IV of the Higher Education Act (HEA), 20 U.S.C. §1070 et seq. This aid, which includes Stafford, PLUS, and Perkins loans, as well as Pell grants, is the largest stream of federal postsecondary education funding. While profiting from U.S. taxpayers, some predatory schools—particularly in the for- profit education sector—target underserved populations of students, including people of color, low-income individuals, and veterans, with fraudulent recruitment practices. These schools provide students with an education far inferior to what has been promised. They offer low quality programs and faculty, pro-vide few if any student-support services, and have abysmal graduation and job-placement rates. Many students drop out once they re-alize the extent of a school’s misrepresenta-tions. Those who do not may find themselves with a worthless degree. In either case, the school’s wrongdoing leaves many students with a debt to the federal government that they cannot repay. Unfortunately, the courthouse doors are closed to many of these students because they signed mandatory, pre-dispute arbitra-tion agreements at the time of their enroll-ment. Under these agreements, students are required to use binding arbitration to resolve any dispute they may later have with the school; they are barred from the courts. As demonstrated in this petition, these arbitra-tion clauses are detrimental to students, hamper efforts to uncover wrongdoing by in-stitutions receiving Title IV assistance, and place the federal investment in Title IV pro-grams at risk. Public Citizen, Inc., a consumer organiza-tion with members and supporters nation-wide, submits this citizen petition under 5 U.S.C. §553(e) to request that the Depart-ment of Education issue a rule requiring in-stitutions to agree, as a condition on receipt of Title IV assistance under the HEA, not to include pre-dispute arbitration clauses in en-rollment or other agreements with students. This rule would be consistent with the De-partment’s legal authority under the HEA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.009 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1990 April 13, 2016 
and with the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), 9 U.S.C. §1 et seq. It would also be in line with a call by members of Congress for the Department to condition Title IV funding on a school’s commitment not to use forced ar-bitration clauses or other contractual bar-riers to court access in student enrollment agreements. 
I. STATEMENT OF INTEREST  Since its founding in 1973, Public Citizen has advocated on behalf of its members and supporters for public access to the civil jus-tice system. As part of that work, it seeks to end the use of forced arbitration clauses in consumer contracts because these clauses are fundamentally unfair to consumers, en-courage unlawful corporate behavior, and weaken the utility of enforcement efforts to protect the public. Public Citizen is engaged in efforts to encourage the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to ban pre-dispute arbitration agreements in consumer and investor agreements. Public Citizen’s counsel have represented parties in several major cases involving the scope of the FAA and the enforceability of pre-dis-pute arbitration agreements. Public Citizen also frequently appears as amicus in cases involving these issues. In addition to its arbitration work, Public Citizen supports robust regulation of preda-tory educational institutions and student lending practices that leave students saddled with debt for overpriced educations. It par-ticipated in the Department’s Gainful Em-ployment rulemaking, and its attorneys rep-resent twenty-eight organizations as amici in support of that rule in Association of Pri-vate Sector Colleges and Universities v. King, No. 15–5190 (D.C. Cir.). Counsel for Pub-lic Citizen have also represented parties and amici in numerous cases involving mis-conduct by for-profit educational institu-tions. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, count-less veterans groups, consumer advo-cates, legal aid lawyers, and student organizations support a full ban on mandatory arbitration clauses in high-er education. I hope the Department of Education responds to this. I hope they have the resolve and the political will to get this done. It is sad when students end up with a good diploma and a ton of debt. It is unforgiveable for us to be complicit when the students end up with a ton of debt and a worthless diploma from a for-profit college or university. Mr. President, the Federal Aviation Administration is now operating under its second extension. Like too many important issues, we just keep patching up the system. Last year, the Senate worked together to pass a 5- year transportation bill. Finally, after 30 patches of a national transportation program, both parties came together to pass the first long-term bill in over 10 years. This was an important step for the Nation and for my State of Illinois. Fixing and maintaining our infra-structure involves planning, and plan-ning includes certainty. If we don’t know we are going to be funded 6 months from now, it is very tough to plan a highway, a bridge, or how we are going to administer an airport. We have an opportunity to do the same for the Federal Aviation Admin-istration. Senators T
HUNE and N EL-SON—Republican and Democrat—put together the bipartisan bill that we are currently debating. I hope we can give this bill careful consideration. One of the items we should carefully consider is security at airports. Since 9/11 we have focused more and more on the security of airports, and when we hear of these terrible terrorist incidents overseas, we understand that we can’t drop our guard. There were 32 people who died in Belgium, and many were injured. The terrorists targeted people who were just going about their daily routine, catching an airplane. The terrorists took advantage of a vul-nerable system. At the airport, two bombs were set off before any security screening took place. That should be a wake-up call for all of us. Last week Senator H
EINRICH offered an amendment that I was proud to co-sponsor for commonsense measures to strengthen security at U.S. airports in places such as transit stops. I am pleased it passed with strong bipar-tisan support. It adds extra security in these areas where people take planes and trains where we were vulnerable before the checkpoints. It adds law en-forcement officials, inspectors, special-ists in explosives, dogs, and experts who can help with the screening proc-ess. It gives more flexibility to our States in cities like Chicago, which I am honored to represent, to grant secu-rity funding for better protecting these vulnerable areas, and it gives more flexibility in spending the money. O’Hare is one of the busiest airports in the world, with 77 billion passengers last year. Chicago is also host to many major national and global events with millions of travelers. We have one of the busiest networks of commuters and travelers by transit, with 1.6 million people riding Chicago’s CTA every day, getting to work by bus or train. Nearly 300,000 passengers take Chicago’s Metra commuter rail every day. We must en-sure we are doing everything we can to keep them safe. Communities such as Aurora, IL, that have experienced their own threat not long ago will remember September of 2014. I am filing an amendment which I hope will be considered on this bill to improve security in our air traf-fic control facilities after the experi-ence we had back in 2014. There was a fire at the air traffic facility in Aurora. That center directs about 9,000 flights a day over 6 States, including, of course, the Chicago region. The fire grounded thousands of flights. Its impact was felt for 2 weeks. It caused $5.3 million in damages to the traffic control facil-ity, and hundreds of millions of dollars in economic impact. The air traffic controllers, local po-lice, and fire department did all they could do, but there turned out to be bigger issues at play. This was a case of arson by an employee at the air traffic control facility. I went in and actually saw the dam-age that he did. Following the incident, I worked with the FAA and called on the Department of Transportation to investigate what happened and to come up with recommendations on how to improve security. After the Depart-ment of Transportation investigation, FAA and DOT found there was not enough focus on insider threats, and, clearly, better equipment is needed to help communication from going down. Once again, we are dealing with an area that is not as secure as it should be. The amendment I have offered to this bill builds on some of the recommenda-tions. It requires the FAA to make plans for law enforcement and other authorities in the event of an incident. It requires the FAA to develop guide-lines for training and response to secu-rity threats and active shooter inci-dents and to ensure that, as the FAA makes investments in infrastructure and basic equipment such as electrical systems and telecommunications, they think about resiliency and surviv-ability. We learned those lessons the hard way in Chicago. I hope the Senate will take up my amendment so other air-ports as well as Chicago will be ready in the future. These events are reminders of the damage that can be done. With a simi-lar spirit of bipartisanship, we need to have a commitment to our security at our airports and around the United States. 
TRIBUTE TO RAY LAHOOD  
Mr. President, while I am on the sub-ject of airports, I want to recognize my friend and former colleague in the House, Congressman Ray LaHood. He was named Secretary of Transpor-tation by President Obama. On Tues-day, the Peoria International Airport honored him by naming their new international terminal after him. Ray served the Peoria region proudly for 14 years as Congressman and for 4 years as President Obama’s Secretary of Transportation. Secretary Foxx went out to Peoria to show support for his predecessor. Ray LaHood has been and continues to be a strong advocate for Illinois and for our Nation’s infrastructure. This honor is certainly a fitting tribute, and I congratulate my former colleague, Congressman Ray LaHood. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, first I have an item I want to speak about on the pending bill. There is another item I want to discuss, first of all, but even before that, I want to add that I caught the tail end of the statement of the Senator from Illinois about student loans. When I first arrived here in the Senate and I was sworn in right where our pages are sitting now, I had over $100,000 in student loans that I had taken on during my undergraduate but primarily my postgraduate education. I can state that had it not been for the blessings of the proceeds of a book that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:51 Apr 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.001 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1991 April 13, 2016 
I wrote called ‘‘American Son,’’ I am not sure I would have ever paid those loans off. I was fortunate. I went to law school and got a law degree and was employed. I know firsthand the strug-gle that millions of Americans are fac-ing and the young people who have taken on substantial student loan debt, some of whom have never graduated from institutions and others who have graduated, frankly, with pieces of paper of degrees that, unfortunately, are not worth the paper they are print-ed on. As a result, they are stuck with a debt that can never be discharged. There are only two ways to get rid of a student loan—die or pay it off. For many people, paying it off is not going to happen. It is an issue that this Sen-ator hopes Congress will confront. It is a looming crisis in America. There is over a trillion dollars of student loan debt. Quite frankly, it holds people back. When that student loan is sitting on your credit report, you won’t get a loan to buy a home. If your wages are being garnished and other issues come up as a result of paying it off, it is a de-bilitating problem that people face. We have discussed throughout the years the hopes of steps we can take to ad-dress it, and I hope we will have a chance to do that before this Congress finishes its work. 
HONORING THE 65TH INFANTRY REGIMENT  ‘‘
BORINQUENEERS ’’ 
Mr. President, before I speak on the bill, I want to rise today to pay tribute to a distinguished group of American heroes. It is a group that for too long was denied the honors and benefits they were owed for their service to our Nation. The 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the Borinqueneers, is a predomi-nantly Puerto Rican regiment that is the only Hispanic segregated unit to fight in every global war of the 20th century. Historically, the Borinqueneers were denied equal bene-fits and equal honors for their service, despite the fact that their regiment ex-perienced equal risk and equal duty in combat during World War I, World War II, and the Korean war. They have since been decorated for their extraordinary service on the bat-tlefield. In the Korean war alone, the regiment earned more than 2,700 Purple Hearts, 600 Bronze Stars, 250 Silver Stars, 9 Distinguished Service Crosses, and 1 Medal of Honor. There is another medal, however, that has yet to be presented, but that will change later this afternoon when the Borinqueneers and their families will celebrate the unveiling of the long overdue Congressional Gold Medal. This is the highest civilian honor in the United States. The medal will be unveiled today at a ceremony in the Capitol. It will then be given to the Smithsonian Institute and placed on public display. It is my hope that the more than 1,000 Borinqueneer veterans living throughout the United States, as well as the family members of those fallen, departed, and missing in action, will know at last that their service has received the ultimate trib-ute from a grateful Nation. Over the years, even in the shadow of unequal treatment, the Borinqueneers never faltered and never failed to prove just how valuable they are to the cause of freedom. My favorite example is the story of Operation Portrex—a military exercise that occurred on the eve of the Korean war. It was intended to test how the Army, Marines, Navy, and Air Force would do as liberators of an enemy- controlled island. The Borinqueneers were tasked with playing the role of ‘‘the enemy aggressors’’ and attempt-ing to prevent the more than 3,200 American troops from liberating the is-land in this exercise. It was a task that, quite frankly, they were not ex-pected to accomplish. Yet, much to the surprise of the Army commanders, the 65th Infantry, badly outnumbered, was able to halt the offensive forces on the beaches. So it is no surprise that after seeing the tremendous skill of the Borinqueneers, our Army commanders quickly deployed them into the heart of the Korean war, trusting them with numerous important offensive oper-ations. One of those operations oc-curred on January 31, 1951. It is cred-ited as having been the last battalion- size bayonet charge by a U.S. Army unit. Of that charge, the commanding general, Douglas MacArthur, later wrote: 
The Puerto Ricans forming the ranks of the gallant 65th Infantry regiment, on the battlefields of Korea, by valor and deter-mination and a resolute will to victory, give daily testament to their invincible loyalty to the United States and the fervor of their devotion to those immutable standards of human relations to which the Americans and the Puerto Ricans are in common dedicated. They are writing a brilliant record of achievement in battle. I am proud indeed to have them in this command. I wish that we might have many more like them. 
Throughout the storied history of the 65th, there are countless examples of valor that have distinguished this regi-ment. Today, Puerto Ricans serve in our military at some of the highest rates of any demographic group in the Nation, which is no doubt a lasting leg-acy of the Borinqueneers. It has been one of my great honors as a Senator to be involved in the effort to secure the Congressional Gold Medal by cosponsoring the legislation that passed the Senate in 2014. I was also honored to stand in the White House as President Obama signed the bill into law. Today, I want to thank two congres-sionally designated liaisons who worked tirelessly to make this day a reality: San Rodriguez and Javier Mo-rales. Both of them are Army veterans. They made it their mission to ensure that through the design of the medal and its unveiling ceremony, these men who have honored our Nation receive the honor they deserve in return. I thank both of them for their work. I would also like to say a special thank-you to the students at St. Luke’s Lutheran School in Oviedo, FL, and to their teacher, Ms. Carla Cotto Ford, who is the granddaughter of two Borinqueneers. Ms. Ford and her stu-dents raised thousands of dollars in their community toward an ongoing national effort to ensure that every single living Borinqueneer would re-ceive a replica of the Congressional Gold Medal. The passionate efforts of Mr. Rodri-guez and Mr. Morales and Ms. Ford and her students and so many others who have labored to make this day a reality are part of what makes this Congres-sional Gold Medal so special. It re-minds us that the legacy of past Borinqueneers who have fought and died for America is indeed a living leg-acy. Today that legacy, alive and well, re-minds us that America truly is an ex-ceptional country. Ours is a nation made up of people from all different backgrounds and all different cultures who came together as one Nation be-cause we share a common idea: that ev-eryone deserves the freedom to exer-cise their God-given rights. Each mem-ber of the 65th Infantry Regiment fought for that freedom not just for themselves but for every man and woman and child in these United States. In closing, to the Borinqueneers, I would like to say congratulations on the unveiling of your well-deserved Congressional Gold Medal. More impor-tantly, on behalf of my staff and my family and the people of Florida, I would like to say thank you. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your courage. Thank you for fighting to make this Nation the best it can be. Mr. President, on another topic, I want to briefly discuss an amendment I now have pending on the bill before us, the bill on the FAA. It is an amend-ment that is drafted to the finance por-tion of this bill and that deals with welfare reform. For two decades now, it has been the policy of the United States that new immigrants to the United States do not qualify for welfare and other public assistance programs for their first 5 years in the country. Just to lay out what that means, if you are a legal im-migrant to the United States, for the first 5 years that you are in this coun-try, you do not qualify for any Federal welfare or other public assistance pro-grams. Of course, illegal immigrants do not qualify at all for Federal assistance programs. But there is an exception to this Federal law. The exception for this policy is for refugees and asylees who come to our shores seeking shelter from persecution. So while immigrants to the United States do not get Federal benefits, if you can prove you are a ref-ugee fleeing persecution, then you do qualify for Federal assistance. For those people who can prove they are fleeing persecution, our compas-sionate country makes this financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.012 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1992 April 13, 2016 
commitment so they can get a new start on life and a leg up. But there is a provision of existing law that many people are not aware of. A provision of this existing law basically says that anyone who comes from Cuba—regard-less of why they come to the United States, they are automatically and im-mediately presumed to be a refugee, and therefore they are automatically and immediately eligible for welfare and other public assistance. In essence, our existing law treats all Cubans cat-egorically as if they are refugees, whether or not they can prove it. As many of you know, I am the son of Cuban immigrants. I live in a commu-nity where Cuban exiles have had an indelible imprint on our country, on the State of Florida and in South Flor-ida in particular. Yet I stand here today to say that this provision of law, this distinction, is no longer justified. This financial incentive, this notion, this reality that if you get here from Cuba, you are going to immediately qualify for Federal benefits has encour-aged the current migratory crisis in which today thousands of Cubans are making dangerous trips to come to the United States of America. It is cre-ating pressure for foreign govern-ments—for example, in Central Amer-ica—that simply cannot host them, and it is now adding pressure to our south-west border. Just to outline what is happening, traditionally, Cubans come to the United States on a raft, on an airplane, or on a visa, but now many are making to trip to Costa Rica or Honduras and they are working their way up to Cen-tral America, through Mexico, and crossing our southern border. It is my belief—and I think well- founded based on much of the evidence we have now received in testimony and in newspaper articles; the South Flor-ida Sun Sentinel, one of our news-papers based in Broward County, has extensively documented this and other abuses that are going on—that a sig-nificant number of people are drawn to this country from Cuba because they know that when they arrive, if they can step foot on dry land, they will im-mediately receive status and they im-mediately qualify for a package of Fed-eral benefits that no other immigrant group would qualify for unless they can prove they are refugees. This current policy is not just being abused, it is hurting the American tax-payers. There are reports that indicate that financial support for Cuban immi-grants exceeded $680 million in the year 2014 alone. Those numbers, by the way, have quite frankly grown since then. On top of the fundamental unfairness of the policy, recent reports in the media indicate that there is gross abuse of this policy. In Florida, we are now hearing many stories of individ-uals coming to this country and claim-ing their benefits regularly and repeat-edly returning to Cuba—in essence, the country you are supposed to be fleeing because you fear for your life and your freedom. If you are a refugee, it means you are seeking refuge. It is difficult to justify someone’s refugee status when after arriving in the United States they are traveling back to the place they are ‘‘fleeing’’ from, 10, 15, 20, 30 times a year. By the way, this places the Cuban act in particular danger. That is a separate topic not dealt with in my amendment and one that I have said publicly should perhaps be reexamined and ad-justed to the new reality we now face. But I am not dealing with that right now. We are dealing with the benefits portion of this. It is difficult to justify refugee bene-fits for people who are arriving in the United States and are immediately traveling repeatedly back to the nation they claim to be fleeing. Others who are immediately traveling back to the island are actually staying there. Let me paint the picture for you. You come from Cuba on the Cuban Adjust-ment Act. You arrive in the United States because you crossed the south-west border with Mexico or you landed on a raft on a beach somewhere in Florida. You claim your status as a Cuban refugee, and then less than a year later or a year later, you travel back to Cuba and you stay there for weeks or months at a time. But be-cause you qualify for Federal refugee benefits, you are receiving benefits from the Federal Government, but you are living in Cuba. And how this prac-tice works is that while you are living in Cuba, relatives or friends in America are getting hold of your benefits, which are mailed to you or direct-deposited, and then they are making sure you get that money to subsidize your lifestyle. I can tell you today unequivocally that there are people living basically permanently on the island of Cuba, with an occasional visit back to the United States, who are living a life-style that is being subsidized by the U.S. taxpayer because of this abuse. This practice, quite frankly, is illegal under current law, but the responsible agencies seem to have failed to enforce this law. So I have offered an amend-ment to this bill that puts an end to this abuse and puts an end to the un-fairness of the existing law. All my amendment would do is it would sim-ply require those who come from Cuba—they would still be able, under the Cuban Adjustment Act, to receive permanent status in the United States, but they are going to be treated like every other immigrant. They are going to be ineligible for most Federal ben-efit programs for 5 years unless they can demonstrate and prove they qual-ify for refugee status. Let me paint a picture of what that would look like. If you come from Cuba and you can prove that you are fleeing oppression, that you are involved po-litically, that you are a dissident, that you are someone who the government is persecuting, then you are a refugee and you will be treated like a refugee and you will qualify for refugee bene-fits. But if you simply arrive from Cuba because you are seeing a better life for yourself from an economic standpoint, you will still be able to benefit from the Cuban Adjustment Act in that status, but you will not qualify for Federal benefits and you will be treated like any other immi-grant who comes to the United States. We should be clear that the Castro regime does indeed repress hundreds of people every week. There is no ques-tion that there are many who still come here from Cuba who are refugees and are fleeing persecution. There is no doubt that there are people who will arrive this month and this year from Cuba who have left Cuba because they are being politically persecuted. There is no doubt about that. So we are not talking about excluding them. They will be able to prove they are refugees and they will be able to qualify for ref-ugee benefits. While it is clear that there are still many people facing per-secution in Cuba and fleeing, it is also clear that it is not everyone who is coming from Cuba. So all this amendment would do is bring parity between Cuban refugees and every other refugee. I say this to you as someone whose parents came from Cuba. I propose this amendment as someone who lives in a community where Cuban Americans comprise a sig-nificant plurality of the population. I see firsthand these abuses that are oc-curring. It is not fair to the American taxpayer. It is costing us money. Quite frankly, it is encouraging people to come here to take advantage of this program. By passing this amendment—if we pass it—Congress will not only save taxpayers millions of dollars, but I be-lieve it will also help minimize the in-crease we have seen in migration of Cu-bans over the last couple of years by weeding out bad actors who only come to the United States in search of gov-ernment benefits they can take advan-tage of for the first 5 years they are here. I believe this is responsible. I believe this is the right approach for our Na-tion fiscally but also from an immigra-tion standpoint. I hope I can earn bi-partisan support for passing this very sensible proposal. I encourage my colleagues to go on the Web site of the South Florida Sun Sentinel, a newspaper in South Flor-ida. You can see they have extensively documented not just these abuses but a series of other abuses that are occur-ring as well as part of this overall pro-gram. So it is my hope that I can earn the support of my colleagues to convert this idea into law. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.014 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1993 April 13, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
JESSIE ’S STORY  
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I am rising to share Jessie’s story. Jessie’s story is the story of Jessie Grubb from Charleston, WV, who passed away. She was only 30 years old. After years of struggling with heroin addiction, she had been doing well. Her parents and family members and all her close friends were very proud of the progress she was making. She had been sober since August, but last month she had surgery for an infection. The infec-tion was related to a running injury, and she died a day after leaving the hospital. Jessie’s story with addiction is known to many. Her father David Grubb was a colleague of mine—a State senator, and a very good State senator, I might add. We worked together in the legislature. He shared their family’s struggle with addiction with President Obama. I was very pleased President Obama came to a State where he prob-ably has the least popularity but which has the greatest challenge with opioid addiction—West Virginia. He came there and he heard the struggles. He saw it firsthand, and I think it moved him and made him more committed to fighting this drug abuse that is going on in America. As I said, David Grubb shared his family’s story with President Obama when he came to West Virginia last Oc-tober and, like I said, it has made a dif-ference. In West Virginia, not unlike Iowa, we have been hit very hard. As a matter of fact, West Virginia has been hit the hardest by opioid addiction. It is an epidemic. When we think about an epidemic, pandemics—we talk about Ebola and the Zika virus and all the things we hear about, but we haven’t heard a whole lot about opioid addiction. It has been a silent killer. It is one where we are all ashamed if it happens to us or our family. We don’t talk much about it. We think we can handle it within our own structure. Yet it is an epi-demic. I say there is not a person in our country who doesn’t know someone in their immediate or extended family who hasn’t been affected. That is an epidemic, and it is something we have to cure. Drug overdose in my little State of West Virginia has increased by more than 700 percent between 1999 and 2013. Last year alone, over 600 lives were lost to prescription drug abuse—overdose. Now that is legal. These are products produced by legal manufacturing com-panies, pharmaceuticals. These are products approved by the Food and Drug Administration, a watchdog re-sponsible for making sure our food and all of our drugs are safe. So this is something that is legal and that our doctors prescribe. Our most trusted people in America—our doctors—are prescribing something they think will help us. Yet it is something that is killing Americans everywhere. So this is Jessie’s story and her fam-ily’s pain, which is all too familiar and all too common in West Virginia and throughout the Nation. As I said, we lost 627 West Virginians last year, and 61,000 West Virginians used prescrip-tion pain medications for nonmedical purposes in 2014—nonmedical purposes. This includes 6,000 teenagers. Our State is not unique. Every day in the country, 51 Americans are dying— 51 Americans die every day from opioid abuse. Since 1999, we have lost almost 200,000 Americans to prescription opioid abuse. Think about that: 200,000 in a little over a decade. That is un-heard of. In any other category we would be doing something monu-mental. Jessie’s story deeply impacted the President, and I spoke with him about her death and the pain her family is going through. When the President came to Charleston, Jessie was in a rehab facility in Michigan for the fourth time—for the fourth time. Be-fore her life was taken over by addic-tion in 2009, Jessie’s future was very bright. She was truly an unbelievable young lady. She was the beloved daughter of David and Kate Grubb, the beloved sister to her four sisters, and a beloved friend to family and to many others. Jessie was an excellent student and scored in the 99th percentile on every one of her tests. She was a cheerleader at Roosevelt Junior High School and was an avid runner. At the time of her death, she was looking forward to run-ning in her first marathon. The only trouble she had ever gotten into in school was when she protested the Iraq war. Needless to say, she was a natural born leader. She truly was. She was one of those girls who was captivating. After graduating from Capital High School, she was thrilled and looking forward to her bright future at the Uni-versity of North Carolina, Asheville. She was sexually assaulted during her first semester, which caused her to withdraw from school and return home to Charleston. That traumatic event caused Jessie to turn to heroin to escape her pain. Over the next 7 years, Jessie would bat-tle her addiction. She would overdose four times and go into rehab four times, but up until her death, she had been sober for 6 months and was fo-cused on making a life for herself in Michigan, and one her parents were very proud of. All of Jessie’s hard work was ruined because of a careless mistake—one mistake. Jessie’s death is particularly heartbreaking because it was 100 per-cent preventable—100 percent. Her par-ents traveled to Michigan for Jessie’s surgery and told her doctors and hos-pital personnel that she was a recov-ering addict. Jessie was having hip sur-gery that was caused by all her run-ning, and they were treating her for an infection. However, after her surgery, the discharging doctor who said he didn’t know she was a recovering ad-dict sent her home with a prescription for 50—50—OxyContin pills. She should never have been given one—not one— for opioid medication. We must ensure this never happens again. Jessie passed away that night and think about how preventable this was. Because of a lot of the privacy laws, we can’t tell. That doctor didn’t know. Did someone mess up? We don’t know. If you are allergic to penicillin or something, it is on your chart. They know all the way through if you are al-lergic to anything, but if you are an addict and you are allergic to opioids, because they will kill you, they can’t reveal that. So, Madam President, I will be ask-ing for your help, as always, and I know you will be compassionate about this. Next week I will be introducing Jessie’s Law to make sure this type of careless mistake never happens to an-other daughter, a son, a nephew, a niece, anyone in America. The bottom line is, we need to go at this problem from every angle and with the help of everyone—family assist-ance, counseling programs, drug courts, consumer and medical edu-cation, law enforcement support, State and Federal legislation. We need to throw everything we have at this. With continued support and tireless work from everyone, we can beat this epi-demic once and for all. Jessie’s death is heartbreaking to anybody who knew her or the family or their contribution to society every day. This is a tremendous family who gives so much back. We all know some-one who has been impacted. We do, every one of us. Every one of our young interns here know. Our pages know. They see it in their schools. Everybody sees what is going on, but we have to speak up. This is a fight we have to win. This opioid epidemic is claiming a generation and taking them away from us. I am committed to this more than I have been committed to anything. If I have one purpose of being in the Sen-ate, it is to bring to light these young people whose lives have been changed, whose families’ lives have been changed all over West Virginia, all over America. There has been silence for far too long, and we are not going to keep silent any longer. People are sending me letters from Iowa, letters from my State of West Virginia, and they are saying: Please use my name. Put a face and a name to a tragedy. They want us to know in Congress that something has to be done. We don’t need all these drugs on the market. We don’t need the pharma-ceutical companies putting out more and more powerful opioids. We don’t need a business plan that is destroying people’s lives. I think this is something we agree on. This is something that will unite us like nothing else in Congress. It is not a Democratic or a Republican epi-demic. It is not a disease that is killing Democrats and Republicans. It is kill-ing Americans, and we are Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.015 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1994 April 13, 2016 
So I am hopeful, and I have been very pleased with all of the support we are getting from both sides, Democrats and Republicans, coming together on this issue. We have important legislation coming forward. I believe this is going to allow us for the first time to make a monumental change. I thank VA Sec-retary Bob McDonald. He is trying very hard to change the culture of the VA, of treating pain with alternatives. There is so much more we need to do. I will be getting into that later. I thank the Presiding Officer for the great job she does for the great State of Iowa. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that amend-ments submitted to the previous sub-stitute, Senate amendment No. 3464, be considered to be submitted to the new substitute, Senate amendment No. 3679, as long as the instructions to the clerk are drafted properly. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am trying to get a vote on an amendment that Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I have submitted. To explain it, I want to show you this graphic. These are two airplanes that are ex-actly the same size, they are flying across the same sky, and they are fly-ing over the same homes. But there is a difference—a difference that I am trying to fix. This one is a passenger plane. Due to an FAA regulation that Senator Snowe and I were able to get in place through a vote in this Cham-ber several years ago, the pilots in the passenger plane can fly only up to 9 hours a day. After that, they have to rest because pilot fatigue is a very dan-gerous situation facing not only our pi-lots but their crews and everyone that is in their vicinity. What happened when Senator Snowe and I wrote our legislation? We as-sumed that the regulation that would be forthcoming from the FAA would cover both passenger and cargo planes because, again, these planes share the same skies, go over the same airspace, and go over the same homes. It is a straightforward point, and fatigue is fatigue. They are not less fatigued be-cause they are carrying cargo rather than passengers. These pilots can fly up to 16 hours a day. We know from the pilots themselves—many pilots organi-zations have endorsed this—that this is a very dangerous disparity, and it needs to be fixed. I am asking the majority for an up- or-down vote on this amendment. It is real simple. It simply says the FAA should get rid of this disparity and make the cargo pilots have the same rules as the passenger pilots—real sim-ple. According to the National Transpor-tation Safety Board, the No. 1 safety issue is fatigue. This is what they cite as the No. 1 problem across the board. So we need to fix this. I have spoken to both of my friends, Senator NELSON , who supports this, and Senator T
HUNE , who has been a little more subtle about how he feels about this. I asked them if I could have the up-or-down vote. I hope I can have the up-or-down vote. I am not asking for anything special. A 60-vote threshold is fine. If people want to vote against the amendment, fine; let them be held ac-countable. But it is a moral issue right now. The bottom line is, people are in jeopardy right now. I don’t know exactly what is going to happen. The reason we are at a stand-still is partly because I said I want a vote, and that promptly stopped things. I do it rarely, but I know if we pass this, we are going to save lives. It is written somewhere in the Old Testa-ment that if you save one life, you save humanity. Saving lives is one thing we should do, and since we know about this disparity and we have proof that we need to fix it, we need to fix it. All I am asking for is an up-or-down vote. If people want to vote no, that is fine with me. Hopefully, most will vote yes, and hopefully we will get this done. We got it done before, and we should be able to get it done again. What could be happening is that we could get that vote. Of course, what I would love to death is if Senator T
HUNE  and N
ELSON just took our amendment and put it in the package. That would be wonderful. But if they don’t want to do that, I want a vote. What I hope doesn’t happen is that they will say: OK. We will give you a vote, but we are going to take two real-ly poison pill amendments and force everybody to vote on those. This is not a game. I am not here to have a game. I am here to have a vote, up or down. This should not be tied to anything else. I want to read to you the incredible words that were spoken. These are ex-cerpts from UPS Flight 1354. This is a cockpit conversation that took place minutes before a crash. These words are coming from the grave. Listen to these words and make up your own mind as to whether I am being unrea-sonable here in wanting to have a vote. Pilot 1: I mean I don’t get it. It should be one level of safety for every-body. Pilot 2: It makes no sense at all. Pilot 1: No, it doesn’t at all. Pilot 2: And to be honest, it should be across the board. To be honest, in my opinion, whether you are flying pas-sengers or cargo, if you are flying this time of day, you know fatigue is defi-nitely— Pilot 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pilot 2: When my alarm went off, I mean, I am thinking, I am so tired. Pilot 1: I know. ‘‘When my alarm went off, I mean, I am thinking, I am so tired.’’ This photograph shows what hap-pened to that cargo jet. It happened over Alabama in 2013. This is what hap-pened. The NTSB said it was definitely fatigue that played a role in this crash. So am I being unreasonable to say this is the FAA bill—this is the bill we do every couple years about air safety? Am I being unreasonable to ask my colleagues to vote up or down on whether there ought to be parity be-tween passenger pilots and cargo pi-lots? I don’t think so. Remember Captain Sullenberger, who was the hero? Captain Sullenberger was the hero who landed his plane in the water—the ‘‘Hero of the Hudson.’’ He is a superstar. He did this. He knows about safety. He knows it. A passenger on that flight said: I could feel the water running over the top of my feet, and that is what really scared me. ‘‘I thought, I survived the impact and now I am going to drown.’’ That was a passenger who said that— how the pilot saved them all. We all know who saved 155 people as he landed the jet in the frigid New York Hudson River. Let’s see what Sully Sullenberger says about the situation of fatigue. If we cannot listen to this, who are we listening to? By the way, these com-ments are not aimed just at my col-leagues; they are aimed at the adminis-tration that has not done this, which is wrong. They are wrong. Listen to what Captain ‘‘Sully’’ Sullenberger, the hero of Flight 1549, said: ‘‘You wouldn’t want your surgeon operating on you after only 5 hours of sleep, or your passenger pilot flying the airplane after only 5 hours sleep, and you certainly wouldn’t want a cargo pilot flying a large plane over your house at 3 a.m. on 5 hours of sleep trying to find the airport and land.’’ So the question is: Who do we listen to? Do we listen to the companies that are afraid it is going to cost them a few dollars? Do we listen to the pilots? Do we listen to Sully Sullenberger, who is telling us fatigue kills? It is a killer. That is what he said at the press con-ference yesterday. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD two articles that appeared recently in the news. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.017 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1995 April 13, 2016 
[From the New York Daily News, April 12, 2016] M
IRACLE ON THE HUDSON PILOT PUSHES SAFE S
KIES ACTTOGRANT CARGO PILOTS REST P
ROTECTIONS  (By Nancy Dillon) Tom Hanks will play him in a Clint Eastwood-directed biopic due out this sum-mer, but Chesley Sullenberger isn’t leaning his seat back. The Miracle on the Hudson pilot was in Washington, D.C. Tuesday, pushing law-makers to pass the Safe Skies Act and grant cargo pilots the same rest protections as pas-senger pilots. ‘‘This is not a partisan issue, it’s a science- based, commonsense issue, Sullenberger told the Daily News. He said cargo pilots generally fly at night and deserve the same sleep standards already guaranteed to passenger pilots—flights lim-ited to eight or nine hours and minimum 10- hour rest periods. ‘‘It’s really just flat wrong (to exclude cargo pilots). They’re the ones who need it most. They have their natural circadian rhythms disrupted the most,’’ Sullenberger told The News. ‘‘If you’re home in the evening when hun-dreds of cargo airplanes are flying overhead, it doesn’t matter if those planes are carrying people or packages. It matters that their pi-lots are alert enough to do their job safely,’’ the retired U.S. Airways captain turned au-thor and aviation safety consultant said. Sullenberger joined Senators Barbara Boxer (D–CA) and Amy Klobuchar (D–MN) in Washington to close the ‘‘dangerous loop-hole’’ in prior legislation that carved out the exception for cargo pilots at the request of cargo carriers, he said. The Safe Skies Act would be an amend-ment to the FAA reauthorization bill, ac-cording to a press release from Boxer’s of-fice. Currently, cargo pilots can be on duty for up to 16 hours at a time, the release said. At least one freight giant is against the proposal. ‘‘Cargo and passenger pilots have very dif-ferent schedules, and one size does not fit all when it comes to air travel safety. Forcing cargo pilots to fly according to a set of rules developed for distinct conditions in a dif-ferent industry will make them less safe,’’ FedEx said in a statement to the Daily News. ‘‘Safety is our top priority. That’s why we oppose legislation mandating passenger-pilot scheduling limits for cargo pilots,’’ the statement said. Sullenberger said its doubtful he and his crew could have landed U.S. Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River on January 15, 2009—saving all 155 souls—if they were de-prived sleep. ‘‘I’ve proven in the most dramatic way what I’m talking about,’’ Sullenberger said. ‘‘Had (copilot) Jeff (Skiles) and I been fa-tigued, we could not have performed at that level.’’ The legendary landing on the frigid Hud-son—caused by a bird strike the crippled the plane’s engines after takeoff from LaGuardia Airport—is something he still thinks about constantly, he said. ‘‘I get daily reminders of that remarkable day. So many people rose to the occasion— the crew, all the rescue workers,’’ he said. ‘‘It was the result of the efforts of many peo-ple, but I’ve become the public face.’’ Asked about Warner Bros planned release of ‘‘Sully’’ this September—a movie based on his autobiography ‘‘Highest Duty’’— Sullenberger, 65, said he’s grateful for all the continued attention. ‘‘I’m doing very well. I’ve been saying that for a long time. If I was not doing well, it would be my own fault. I get to travel the world, meet world leaders and leaders in the fields of health, technology,’’ and of course Hollywood, he said. ‘‘It’s really been a fascinating education.’’ 
[From The Hill, April 12, 2016] D
EMSWANTPILOT-RESTPROVISION IN FAA B
ILL (By Melanie Zanona) Senate Democrats want to grant cargo pi-lots the same rest standards as passenger pi-lots as a provision of a Federal Aviation Ad-ministration (FAA) reauthorization bill. Sens. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) and Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) are leading the fight to attach an amendment to the FAA bill that would limit cargo plane pilots to flying no more than nine hours a day—the same stand-ard for passenger pilots. Cargo pilots can currently fly up to 16 hours a day. Captain Chesley ‘‘Sully’’ Sullenberger, the retired airline captain who safely executed an emergency landing in the Hudson River in 2009, is also backing the provision. He was spotted talking to members about the amendment in the Senate basement after a Tuesday press conference. ‘‘Fatigue is a killer,’’ Sullenberger said at the press conference. ‘‘It’s time to right this wrong. It’s time to fix this rule.’’ Boxer said she would filibuster the FAA bill if the pilot provision does not get a vote. ‘‘I think this is an absurdity to block a vote on something as important at this,’’ she said. The comments come amid growing concern that pet interests could bog down the entire FAA bill, including a push to include renew-able energy tax breaks. The agency’s current legal authority expires July 15. ‘‘There are other problems with the bill that people are weighing as well, so I think this bill has a very shaky future,’’ Boxer added. Boxer and Klobuchar first crafted legisla-tion to make sure passenger and cargo crews had the same flight- and duty-time require-ments after the Department of Transpor-tation (DOT) wrote new rules to address pilot fatigue following a deadly passenger airline crash in 2009. The DOT standards require passenger pi-lots to be limited to flying either eight or nine hours, with a minimum of 10 rest hours and the opportunity for at least eight hours of uninterrupted sleep. But cargo pilots were not included in the rules. ‘‘This doesn’t make sense,’’ Boxer said Tuesday. ‘‘It’s dangerous.’’ A group of shipping companies wrote a let-ter to Senate leadership explaining why they thought the amendment ‘‘could actually make our operations less safe and put our pi-lots at risk.’’ ‘‘Measures used to prevent fatigue must be different for passenger carriers than they are for cargo carriers because our work sched-ules are different,’’ wrote FedEx, UPS, ABX Air and Atlas Air. ‘‘We fly fewer legs, have longer layovers, and have better rest opportunities on our trips, including while technically ‘on duty’ waiting for our nightly sorts to occur.’’ Boxer beat back against the letter, accus-ing special interests of intervening. ‘‘The proof is in the pudding,’’ Boxer said. ‘‘Special interests are doing what they al-ways do: trying to get a deal.’’ 
Mrs. BOXER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. Here it is. This one in The Hill is quoting Captain Sullenberger: 
‘‘Fatigue is a killer’’. . . . ‘‘It’s time to right this wrong. It’s time to fix this rule.’’ 
Here is another quote in the New York Daily News, with a picture of Captain Sullenberger saying: ‘‘This is not a partisan issue, it is a science-based commonsense issue.’’ He said cargo pilots generally fly at night and deserve the same sleep standards already guaranteed to passenger pilots—flights lim-ited to eight or nine hours and minimum of 10-hour rest periods. ‘‘It is really just flat wrong (to exclude cargo pilots). They’re the ones who need it most. They have their natural circadian rhythms disrupted the most.’’ 
Just standing next to the guy was a thrill for me. Captain Sullenberger told the News: 
‘‘If you’re home in the evening when hun-dreds of cargo airplanes are flying overhead, it doesn’t matter if those planes are carrying people or packages. It matters that their pi-lots are alert enough to do their job safely,’’ the retired U.S. Airways captain said. 
Do you know what Sullenberger said? He said that ‘‘it’s doubtful he and his crew could have landed U.S. Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River on Jan-uary 15, 2009—saving all 155 souls—if they were deprived of sleep.’’ Look, we can all put ourselves in a situation, whether we are young—and the young can take lack of sleep a lot better. As we age, it is tougher. I used to take the redeye all the time, and I can state that I felt it for days. Do we want to have a pilot in a circumstance where he or she is sleep deprived and they find themselves in an emergency? I don’t think so. None other than Sullenberger said that he is doubtful he and his crew could have landed that flight if they were sleep deprived. He said again—this is in another arti-cle from the Daily News. He said: 
‘‘I get daily reminders of that remarkable day. So many people rose to the occasion— the crew, all the rescue workers,’’ he said. ‘‘It was the result of the efforts of many peo-ple, but I’ve become the public face . . . and had I been fatigued, we could not have per-formed at that level.’’ 
This is the classic case of a no- brainer. The people who fly the air-planes are telling us that fatigue is a killer. They are telling us in a cir-cumstance of emergencies that they will not be able to function. We have an opportunity to fix it, but we don’t have a vote right now. We don’t have a vote. As I understand it, we might have a vote, but they may then say to vote on two other issues that are poison pill issues. That is the way it goes around here. Someday I am going to write a book called ‘‘How a Bill Really Becomes a Law.’’ The truth is that is how it goes around here. If one wants to vote on something, then they say: Swallow a porcupine, and maybe we will give you a vote. Now here is another one. ‘‘Miracle on the Hudson Pilot Pushes More Rest for Cargo Crews.’’ He and I are standing there, and all I am saying is: 
We just need a vote on this, and you know if people want to come down in the well and vote the wrong way on safety, then they have shown themselves . . . [but], frankly, they are putting the lives of people at risk. 
And I am asking for a vote. Again, Sully Sullenberger is quoted: 
‘‘Let me be very direct: Fatigue is a killer. . . . It’s a ruthless indiscriminate killer that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.002 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1996 April 13, 2016 
our industry and our regulators have allowed to continue killing for way too long.’’ 
This is not partisan. I have a Demo-cratic administration who did the wrong thing on this. I have a Repub-lican Senate that is not giving me a vote on this. Come on. When people die in an airplane crash, we don’t know if they are Democrats or Republicans; we just know we cry our hearts out for the families. I am going to show you the crashed plane again. This is what happens when there is fatigue. This is what can hap-pen. There have been many of these crashes because the pilots are flying on 5 hours of sleep. All I am asking for is a vote. Give us a vote. If you want to vote it down, vote it down. You will be judged. That is OK. That is your problem, not mine. I want to praise Senator K
LOBUCHAR , who is the coauthor of this amend-ment. She was very effective in her comments both in the committee and at the presser yesterday. Sullenberger, the ‘‘Hero of the Hud-son,’’ said this in this other article: 
‘‘This rule was written the way it was, not for scientific reasons, but for economic ones, by those who are more concerned about an additional burden that they consider an ad-ditional cost. It’s time to right this wrong. It’s time to fix this rule.’’ 
You know, those of us who have been around a long time remember the Ford Pinto. That car exploded when there was a crash. I think a lot of us remem-ber it. When discovery was done by the attorneys for the victims, they found out the cold and calculating ways the corporation viewed these accidents and losses of life. Oh, they said, we can stand X number of accidents a year, no problem, because we have insurance. It will not affect us. But, gee, it will cost us X number of dollars to fix the prob-lem. What could be more callous? What could be more cold? It is the same thing here. It is the companies. Do you know what is fascinating? The airlines that now operate under the 9-hour rule—I will put up the chart that shows the two planes with the dif-ferent times. The airlines that now fly their pilots up to 9 hours a day, com-pared to the cargo plane owners who permit their pilots to work up to 16 hours a day, they—the airline industry is doing great. They never said word one of a problem. They had rested pi-lots, they had happier crews, and they are doing fine. So why is it that we get letters from the corporations that fly these planes—God forbid we should tell them to give their pilots rest. I want to tell you who is on our side. The Southwest Airlines Pilot Associa-tion—this thrills me—just sent us a letter: 
On behalf of the more than 8,000 pilots— 
This is actually to Senator T HUNE — 
I urge you to include Senator Barbara Boxer’s Safe Skies Act in the FAA reauthor-ization. 
They say: 
It fixes a huge safety gap that exists in our air transportation today. They talk about the Colgan Air crash in 2009. We took action to fix the prob-lem on passenger planes, but it was in-explicable that it was left out of the cargo planes. As pilots, they say safety is their No. 1 priority. They say: 
‘‘We cannot do our job if we are not all held to the same safety standard. A tired and fatigued pilot is a danger to everyone in their path.’’ 
That is the point. These passenger pi-lots are rested; the cargo pilots are fa-tigued. They fly in the same sky, in the same airspace. They try to land at the same airports. Having this disparity is a nightmare. They say: 
‘‘Please, do not let another tragedy be the reason for action. This is your chance to fix the cargo carve-out and ensure safe skies in this nation.’’ 
I thank these pilots for weighing in on this issue. It means a lot to me that they did it. The Coalition of Airline Pilots Asso-ciations talks about the Klobuchar amendment, which is this amendment, and they ask us to please allow this vote. They say: 
‘‘We cannot continue operating with two levels of safety and we sincerely hope you are able to fix the cargo carve-out once and for all.’’ We urge your support for this amendment. 
I thank so much Captain Michael Karn, president of the Coalition of Air-line Pilots Associations. You know, I want to say to my col-leagues who might be listening from their offices: We get on planes all the time. We have 100-percent faith in the pilot. We all do. They have the respon-sibility of getting us to our families safely. Every single pilots association is saying to us: Fix this carve-out. It is dangerous. Any of us could be on a passenger plane just doing great with the rested pilot, and somehow a cargo plane crashes into us because that pilot had 5 hours of sleep. So we have all of these letters from the Independent Pilots Association, the Allied Pilots Association, the Inter-national Brothers of Teamsters, Team-sters Local 1224, Teamsters Local 357. They are all saying the same thing: We cannot do our job if we are not all held to the same safety standard. A tired and fatigued pilot is a danger to every-one. Don’t let another tragedy be the reason for action. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD two letters I have referred to. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: COALITION OF AIRLINE  P
ILOTS ASSOCIATIONS , Washington, DC, March 31, 2016. Hon. J
OHNTHUNE , Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. B
ILLNELSON , Ranking Member, Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THUNE AND RANKING MEM-
BERNELSON : I am writing you today on be-half of 28,000 professional airline pilots in support of the Klobuchar Amendment to the FAA reauthorization bill. As you know, dur-ing the committee mark-up Senator Klo-buchar respectfully withdrew consideration of her amendment with the hope and com-mittee leadership would work with her to solve what is known as the cargo carve-out. As you are aware, Congress passed legisla-tion in 2010 following the deadly 2009 Colgan Air Flight 3407 crash that claimed the lives of 45 passengers, 4 crew members and 1 indi-vidual on the ground. As the details of the pilots’ lack of training and fatigue came to light, the American public demanded that more be done to ensure safety in our skies. Congress heard these concerns and in-cluded a requirement in the 2010 FAA reau-thorization that the Department of Trans-portation promulgate rules on pilot duty and rest hours to prevent fatigue and ensure flights are safely operated by pilots with adequate rest. As well-intended as those rules were, some-how through a cost benefit analysis and other inexplicable changes to the original rules as proposed, cargo pilots were carved out of these new regulations, apparently be-cause it was too costly to ensure cargo pilots had adequate rest. Time and time again we see tragic, and avoidable, plane crashes where fatigue is one of the factors contributing to, or out right to blame, for these accidents. In fact, the Na-tional Transportation Safety Board listed preventing fatigue related accidents as their number one most wanted improvement in transportation safety for 2016, citing a 2013 UPS plane crash in Birmingham, Alabama as an example. When the FAA reauthorization legislation reaches the Senate floor for debate, we urge you to use this opportunity to protect your constituents and all Americans across this country. Please do not wait until faced with another tragic accident to address this issue. We cannot continue operating with two levels of safety and we sincerely hope you are able to fix the cargo carve-out once and for all. We urge your support for the Safe Skies Act and Senator Klobuchar’s amend-ment to the FAA reauthorization bill. Thank you for your time and consideration on this important aviation safety issue. Sincerely, Captain D. M
ICHAEL KARN, President. 
APRIL 8, 2016. Hon. J
OHNTHUNE , Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science & Transportation, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. B
ILLNELSON , Ranking Member, Committee on Commerce, Science & Transportation, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THUNE AND RANKING MEM-
BERNELSON : We the undersigned unions rep-resenting more than 30,000 pilots across the United States urge you to include Senator Barbara Boxer’s Safe Skies Act in the 2016 FAA Reauthorization currently before the full Senate. Senator Boxer’s bill, S.A. 3489, fixes a huge safety gap in our air transportation system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.019 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1997 April 13, 2016 
today. After the Colgan Air crash in 2009, Congress took action to prevent future trag-edies mandating that the Department of Transportation issue science-based regula-tions addressing pilot fatigue in our nation’s airlines. After substantial research and re-view of undisputed scientific evidence on sleep cycles and fatigue, the draft rules cre-ated a new set of requirements related to duty and rest time for all pilots. Ignoring these irrefutable facts and the recommendations from safety experts, the White House Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs removed all references to cargo airlines from the final rules suggesting that a cost of imposing this safety regula-tion did not outweigh the benefits to the public. Or more simply stated, preventing the death of two pilots and the loss of some cargo does not exceed the cost to a corpora-tion to change their pilots’ schedules. As pilots, safety is our number one focus. Rather than argue and dispute the details of the process that created the cargo carve-out, we are more interested in fixing the problem. When we are behind the controls of an air-plane trying to get from point A to point B, we do not think about the costs or the bene-fits of what we do in the cockpit. Our work before, during and after our flights is 100% focused ensuring safety. Our lives depend on it, the lives of those on our planes depend on it and certainly the lives of those who see us flying overhead depend on our commitment to safety. We cannot do our job if we are not all held to the same safety standards. A tired and fa-tigued pilot is a danger to everyone in their path. Please do not let another tragedy be the reason for action. This is your chance to fix the cargo carve-out and ensure safe skies in this nation. Sincerely, Captain K
EITH WILSON , President, Allied Pilots Association. Captain R
OBERT TRAVIS , President, Inde-pendent Pilots Asso-ciation. Captain D
AVID BOURNE , Director, Airline Divi-sion, International Brotherhood of Teamsters. Captain D
ANIEL WELLS, President, Teamsters Local 1224. Captain J
AMES CLARK , President, Teamsters Local 357. 
Mrs. BOXER. I know people are say-ing: B
ARBARA , why are you being so tough and not letting us vote on other things? I have to say this: If we don’t use this occasion to fix a problem that is listed as the No. 1 safety issue by the NTSB, and we can do it in 2 minutes—I have spoken my piece. You know, one of my staffers said she explained to her 6- year-old child what the issue is because he is always interested in what she is working on. She said: Jacob, the fact is, the planes are the same size, and the man who is flying this one and the lady flying this one get different hours of rest. I see that my friend from Florida, the great ranking member of the Com-merce Committee, might want to ask a question. Mr. NELSON. Will the Senator yield? Mrs. BOXER. Yes, I will. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator for yielding. I just want to bring to the Senator’s attention that I am very hopeful that we are getting an agreement that there will be a vote on the Senator’s amendment and some other amendments. I thought the Sen-ator would be happy to hear the news that it looks as if we are coming to an agreement where there will be a vote on the Senator’s amendment. Mrs. BOXER. Well, if I could respond through the Chair, the words of my col-league are very hopeful. I just hope it is not tied to some poison pills that other people have a problem with. You never know around here what is going to happen. In my view—and I know the Senator shares it because I know his passion is with me on this—the fact is, this should be an up-or-down vote. It should not be related to other things. It is the No. 1 safety issue of the NTSB. My friend from Florida is like a brother to me, and we counsel each other on issues on which we have some expertise. I know he is in there fighting to get a vote. I am so grateful to him. I have added a whole bunch of support for this. I will close at this point because I think my friend has given me some hope. I am going to close reading the recording. I don’t know—I ask Senator NELSON , did you ever hear this? I want to make sure you did. This will take just a moment. This is from the ex-cerpt from the flight deck before a plane went down: Pilot 1: I mean, I don’t get that. You know, it should be one level for every-body. These are words from the grave. Pilot 2: It makes no sense at all. Pilot 1: No, it doesn’t. Pilot 2: To be honest, it should be across the board. To be honest, in my opinion, whether you are flying pas-sengers or cargo, if you are flying this time of day, you know fatigue is defi-nitely— Pilot 1: Yeah, yeah. Pilot 2: When my alarm went off, I mean, I’m thinking I’m so tired. Pilot 1: I know. Now, when this happened, I thought for sure that our administration would take care of this and change that rule. They didn’t. That is why we are here. I wanted everyone to know this: Sometimes it is hard to look at some-thing like this, but it is harder to look at the final result of what happened from fatigue. This is what happened within minutes of that conversation. People could not function. Captain Sullenberger said it well: Fatigue is a killer. We could fix it here today. We fixed it—Olympia Snowe and I—years ago for passenger aircraft. We need to fix it for cargo pilots. They deserve our support and the support of people who rely on them—all of us—because they share the sky with the passenger aircraft. We need to fix this. I thank the Senator from Florida. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). The Senator from Georgia. IRAN 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about an issue that we too often forget about here after the fact. We move on to the next topic of the day. But it was just 1 year ago, on April 2, that actually marked the framework for the Joint Comprehen-sive Plan of Action, the President’s nu-clear deal with Iran. That was the day it was announced. We were promised by this administration at all levels that this nuclear agreement would make the world a safer place. I have traveled the world quite a bit in the last year. I just got back from another trip to the Middle East. I believe the world pos-sibly is more dangerous right now than at any time in my lifetime. Unfortunately, the message that the world is safer did not resonate with Iran. The world was given a false prom-ise that this nuclear deal would serve as a catalyst for change and a modera-tion within Iran. We have seen change, but it has only been for the worse. Iran is both enriched and emboldened by this dangerous deal. The President’s deal provided Iran with over an esti-mated $100 billion, approximately, windfall. The Secretary said just this January that Iran ‘‘had massive needs within their country and we, the U.S., will be able to track where this money is going, what is happening with it.’’ But instead of focusing these funds inward, as we were assured, on improving the lives of their people, Iran has chosen to use the money to bolster its conven-tional forces and cyber capabilities, to strengthen its proxies, to crack down on its own people, and to further desta-bilize the region. Iran has test-launched four ballistic missiles since the nuclear deal was an-nounced. Most recently, these missiles were launched with the words ‘‘Death to Israel’’ emblazoned on their side. The most recently launched missiles were more advanced, by the way, preci-sion-guided and more sophisticated. Iran has the largest inventory of bal-listic missiles in the Middle East capa-ble of delivering weapons of mass de-struction. They continue in developing space-launch vehicles as well that are a transparent guise for seeking longer range missile capability. Iran humiliated and detained at gun-point U.S. Navy sailors, in violation of international law. According to American officials, Iran is using cyber espionage and cyber at-tacks as a tool of influence with Ira-nian hackers, breaking into email and social media accounts of employees of our very own State Department who worked on Iran-related issues. Iran used American hostages for stra-tegic and economic leverage from this administration, only turning over in-nocent Americans when the adminis-tration freed 7 Iranian sanctions viola-tors and dismissed charges on 14 other Iranians, including 2 men who helped transfer soldiers and weapons to the Assad regime and to the terror group Hezbollah. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.004 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1998 April 13, 2016 
Iran continues to spend millions to support the Houthi insurgency that is contributing to the security vacuum in Yemen. Just last week, the U.S. Navy confiscated another weapons cache from the Arabian Sea believed to be en route from Iran to Yemen in support of the Houthis. This shipment included about 1,500 Kalashnikov rifles, 200 rocket-propelled grenade launchers, and 21 .50-caliber machine guns. That would be bad enough if it were the only one, but this is the fourth such seizure in the region just since September of last year. I think it is very clear what Iranian intentions are with regard to the rebels in Yemen and also to the terrorists of Hezbollah, Hamas, and others in the region. According to the State Department, Iran continues to be the world’s lead-ing state sponsor of terrorism. That is our own State Department. In its quest to dominate the Middle East and expel American influence, Iran has exploited terrorism as a tool of statecraft to op-pose U.S. interests and objectives in Iraq, Bahrain, Lebanon, and Pales-tinian territories. Iran continues to spend an estimated $6 billion a year in support of Bashar al-Assad in Syria and millions of dollars and materiel to Hezbollah and Hamas. On a recent trip to the Middle East just a few weeks ago, I heard these con-cerns from our friends and allies in the region firsthand. Iran’s domestic re-pression has also gotten worse. The crackdown on dissent is at its worst since the 2009 Green Movement, accord-ing to the NGOs. Iran continues to im-prison those who disagree with the mullahs and imprisons those who are at odds with the regime. Executions are at their highest level since 1989. Further, the regime disqualified thou-sands of reformist candidates in its re-cently held parliamentary elections. When you look at the facts, it is clear the Middle East, and I would argue the world, is potentially worse off since the signing of the President’s nuclear deal. What are we doing about it? I think that is the question the American people should keep their eyes on. According to Secretary Kerry, ‘‘Iran deserves the benefits of this agreement that they struck.’’ Despite the four ballistic missile launches, the administration will not call them a violation of U.N. Security Council resolution 2231. This is the res-olution that includes the nuclear deal, arms embargo, and ballistic missile prohibitions. Just last week, Ambas-sador Shannon, the Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, told the Foreign Relations Committee that he believes these ballistic missile tests ‘‘violated the intent’’ of the U.N. Secu-rity Council resolution but would not call it a violation. I am troubled by that. Iran’s ever-increasing support for terrorism and instability is going es-sentially unchecked. This is no way to handle a rogue regime. Instead, we need to take a tougher stance on Iran now that we see their intentions postdeal. On ballistic missile violations, we must go beyond the President’s des-ignation of 11 individuals and compa-nies for the ballistic missile launches. The Iranians pay for that technology somehow. Yet no financial institution was sanctioned for this transaction. The technology arrived in Iran by boat or by plane. Yet no shipping line or air-line or any logistics firm was included in the sanctions. We need to codify sectoral sanctions on Iran for ballistic missiles and im-pose tougher standards for mandatory sanctions, including acquisition or de-velopment of ballistic missiles as ac-tivity requiring sanctions. We need to show Iran we are serious about stop-ping their continued support of ter-rorism and human rights violations. We should impose stricter sanctions on the Iran Revolutionary Guard Corps for their support of terrorism. We need to freeze assets owned by the IRGC, its members, and its affiliates. We should codify Executive Order 13599 which pro-hibits Iran’s direct and indirect access to the U.S. financial system. We need to improve new sanctions against Iran as a money-laundering entity for ter-rorist groups and for its human rights abuses. We need to reauthorize the Iran sanc-tions act. This vital legislation, which is one of the most important linchpins in U.S. sanctions architecture on Iran, is due to expire at the end of this very year. Without the authorization of ISA, the Iran sanctions act, the threat of snapback for Iranian violations of the nuclear deal doesn’t carry much weight. We need to have these sanc-tions reauthorized so we can use them swiftly in the event of any future Ira-nian violation. President Obama has already admitted that Iran has vio-lated the spirit of the nuclear agree-ment. Finally, we must ensure that Israel is able to maintain its qualitative mili-tary edge—this is a standard that we have upheld for many years—and equip our gulf allies against increased Ira-nian aggression from proxies. Iran’s behavior over the past year has proven they are not worthy of the trust bestowed upon them by this ad-ministration. While the administration refuses to admit reality, Congress must hold Iran’s feet to the fire to get a stronger U.S. policy toward Iran. We cannot afford to give this rogue regime the benefit of the doubt any longer. Iran refuses to be an honest actor. It is clear from Iranian actions, just since the nuclear deal was announced, that they have not changed their behavior on missile testing, human rights viola-tions, or support for terrorism. Our policies must change to reflect the dangerous reality. The Obama administration should work with Congress to strengthen our sanctions, reauthorize the Iran sanc-tions act, and stand up to Iran’s total disregard for international restrictions and the original intent of this nuclear deal. The world is a very dangerous place. Iran needs to see a strong America stand up and lead again in the region. On this recent trip, the question we asked most of these leaders was: What do we need to do as America? The No. 1 answer by these heads of State was universal: America needs to lead again. We have created these power vacu-ums. It is time now to close this one with Iran. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WELCOMING TEAM 26 FROM NEWTOWN , 
CONNECTICUT  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, the Senate has remarkable, even magic moments. Yesterday was one such time for my colleague from Connecticut and me. Senator M
URPHY and I had the great honor and privilege to again wel-come Team 26 from Newtown, CT, at the end of a truly extraordinary jour-ney—their fourth bike ride from New-town—to commemorate and remember the 26 beautiful children and educators who were killed at Sandy Hook Ele-mentary School. This incredibly searing and horrific moment in the life of our State in De-cember of 2012 was marked by their first journey 3 years ago. This one was their fourth ride through rough roads and tough traffic, and snow and rain across the Northeast as they pedaled— literally pedaled—to Washington, DC, from Newtown. We said goodbye to them on Satur-day morning in some pretty cold weather. I was there. They braved some fierce storms to be here, but the mem-ory they carried with them and the re-solve and resilience they showed truly epitomizes the spirit of Sandy Hook and its wonderful people who not only survived that unspeakable tragedy of December 2012 but also showed Amer-ica a lesson with acts of kindness, un-ceasing advocacy, resilience, resolve, and—most importantly—a message of peace, love, and hope. I wear still on my wrist a bracelet I received then. Its lettering is worn out, so it is no longer readable, but it is that same message of hope, peace, and love they brought with them as they traveled here. Today a number of them came to the Capitol. I was proud to greet them with their leader, Monte Frank, who orga-nized that first ride. He is responsible for the extraordinary leadership in keeping that together and keeping them going over those rough roads. With us at the Capitol today were Peter Olsen, Andrea Myers, Drew Cunningham, and Ken Eisner. They are among the 26 riders who came to Wash-ington yesterday, met with us outside 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.022 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1999 April 13, 2016 
the House of Representatives, then went to the White House and met with officials there—including Valerie Jarrett—and eventually with the Vice President of the United States, Mr. B
IDEN. The members of Team 26 chose to ride to Washington, DC, not only for their personal reasons but to deliver a petition with a very clear message that guns have no place on campuses. They have no place on school grounds. They have no safety reason to be there. In fact, they aggravate the danger of fire-arms and other kinds of peril on school property. They also ride on behalf of commonsense, sensible measures that can be achieved—and we have an obli-gation to achieve. That is what they said to us as we met with them in front of the Capitol yesterday. Their message was that we can save lives, that we can work together. We can get things done across the aisle, on a bipartisan basis, to do what 90 per-cent of the American people want, which are universal background checks to keep guns out of the hands of dan-gerous people and criminals, making sure gun trafficking is a Federal crime and that straw purchases are against Federal law, ensuring that fewer guns get into the hands of dangerous people, particularly domestic abusers. When domestic abuse is combined with a gun in the home, death is five times as likely. This message ought to also include limiting the use of high-capacity mag-azines that can prevent all kinds of ter-rible rampages with assault weapons that have become all too prevalent in this country. Providing protection when temporary restraining orders are issued in domestic violence cases can help some of the most vulnerable mem-bers of our society, victims of domestic abuse, at a time when they need it most, and making sure the gun-manu-facturing industry is not given an ex-emption from liability that every other industry has to defend against when it breaks the law. PLCCA ought to be re-pealed, and I have introduced legisla-tion that would do it. This problem of gun violence affects all of us—not just through the mass shootings and massacres that occurred, such as Sandy Hook, but 30,000 deaths every year. Many of them are suicides, preventable, senseless, and avoidable if we take action to tackle the problem of gun violence in this country. That is the message of the riders who braved those storms, who traveled those rough roads, and reminds us that Congress has been complicit in these deaths by its failure to act. Congress is complicit in gun violence and its deadly toll in this country. Monte Frank is a Sandy Hook resi-dent who was one of the founders and leaders of Team 26. He rode here again this year and has ridden every year. I am proud he is a friend. He recently wrote: 
Team 26 will ride again because we prom-ised the families in Sandy Hook that we would continue to honor their lost loved ones. We made the same promise to the many victims’ families we have met since then in Baltimore; Bridgeport, Conn.; Har-lem, N.Y.; and the District of Columbia. While we established Team 26 for Sandy Hook, Team 26 could just as easily be named for the victims of gun violence in Chicago on a given weekend. In fact, gun violence is so prevalent that we could be called Team 26,000 and that number would fall short of the number of gun deaths each year in America. I have with me the petition they brought here, but more important, I am here to tell my colleagues we must act. We must cease our complicity in this body. If tens of thousands of peo-ple in this country were infected with Ebola or the Zika virus or the flu, there would be drastic and urgent ac-tion to meet that public health crisis. The epidemic of gun violence in this country is no less a public health cri-sis. It is equally an epidemic, and it can be stopped. It must be stopped. I want to close with the words of Dennis Niez of Bethlehem, CT. Dennis rode here with Team 26 and wrote the following, entitled ‘‘Why I Ride.’’ 
I ride for the kids who will never know the joy of riding a bike, the feeling of freedom, the visits of their best friends to their house. All of it taken away in a split second with a firearm left loaded in the same house where they’re supposed to feel safe. I ride because the same people who have serious mental health issues are able to pur-chase deadly firearms without a background check because of a loophole. I ride because the same people who have a temporary restraining order because of do-mestic violence are sometimes able to keep a deadly firearm. I ride so our elected officials, regardless of affiliation, will feel shame when they look at themselves for not doing enough to keep guns away from people who should not have them. I ride because kids in the U.S. are nine times more likely to die from a gunshot than in any other western country. I ride because Dawn Hochsprung was my kid’s principal in Bethlehem, CT, someone they will always remember. She was a friend to all the kids. I ride because doing nothing won’t make the problems go away. 
On that beautiful, sunny day yester-day, as remarkable and magic a time as it was, I thought of all those Sun- filled days that those 20 beautiful chil-dren and 6 great educators will never have and that others also will be de-prived of having because Congress is failing to act. We must act, and I hope we will act and carry with us in our hearts always the message of Team 26. I am proud to yield to my colleague and partner in this effort, Senator C
HRIS MURPHY of Connecticut. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I thank very much my colleague Senator B
LUMENTHAL . I want to associate my-self with all the remarks of my col-league from Connecticut. Let me congratulate the riders from Team 26 for making it through such in-clement weather, making it through such a challenging ride to bring these messages to the Halls of Congress and to the White House. It strikes me that there are similar-ities between this ride and the chal-lenges ahead of us. Every tough ride is a long stretch of both peaks and val-leys. The challenge is knowing there is another hill coming before you and not giving up, knowing that at the end of that long ride, there is reward. When we talk about the scope of our fight to change the laws of this coun-try to try to put a dent in this epi-demic of gun violence, we have to view our journey the same way. There are going to be peaks and there are going to be valleys. There will be moments of triumph where we change the laws for the better, where we see progress, as we have in Connecticut, where a new State law has resulted in a 40-percent diminution in the number of gun homi-cides. Then there are the valleys—mo-ments like we had here in early 2013, where despite 90 percent of Americans supporting the idea that you should prove you are not a criminal before you buy a gun, we weren’t able to pass that law because of a filibuster here. Every great change is defined not only by failures but by peaks and valleys, as was their ride. I join Senator BLUMENTHAL in thanking them for fo-cusing on this particular issue of guns on campuses. It is up to every individual as to whether they choose to buy a firearm, but they should make that decision im-bued by the facts. And the facts are pretty clear that if you have a firearm in your home, it is much more likely to be used to kill you or to kill a family member than it is to kill an intruder, to kill someone trying to do harm to you. Nancy Lanza had guns in the home for a variety of reasons, but one of the reasons, apparently, was that as a sin-gle parent, she wanted firearms for pro-tection. Of course, her guns were used to kill her and then 20 small first grad-ers and their teachers. Similarly, on campuses, the data tells us that in areas that have more guns, you are more likely to have higher rates of gun homicides. This fiction that if you just arm all the good guys, they will kill all the bad guys is not actually how it plays out in real life. So I thank them for bringing these petitions here to shed focus on this movement to make sure we don’t have students walking around campuses with concealed weapons. That doesn’t make for a safer campus environment. Lastly because I know others want to speak, I want to talk about two things that struck me from our meeting at the White House at the end of the day yesterday. The first was when all the riders on Team 26 got to tell their sto-ries about why they decided to join this ride. Many of them, frankly, were doing it for deep love and affection for Monte Frank, but they all shared a common cause with him. Around that table were individuals who had suffered gun violence in their immediate fam-ily. One woman’s son committed sui-cide shortly after the murders in Sandy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.023 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2000 April 13, 2016 
Hook. Another husband and wife lost close friends in a mass shooting. But many of the individuals who were there were simply there because they had children who were in school, and they knew that there but by the grace of God, it could be their child. I have a first grader I drop off every morning at school, and I know there is nothing different about my child’s school than Sandy Hook Elementary School. And I think about Nicole Hockley almost every morning when I drop off my 7-year-old. She said she never imagined that it would be her, and she doesn’t know why more par-ents don’t step up and try to do some-thing about this before it is their child. The second thing I was struck by was their experience along the road. They noted that in over 4 years, they haven’t run into anybody who has disagreed with their mission or who has given them a hard time about their advo-cacy. And that is really not surprising given the fact there is broad consensus among the American public as to what we should do. There really is no disagreement in any of our States—regardless of geog-raphy, race, or political ideology—on whether we should make sure that criminals don’t buy guns, make sure that people who have a serious mental illness can’t get their hands on fire-arms. This appears to be controversial and politically toxic, the way we talk about it, but the way it is talked about on the Main Streets that Team 26 rode down, it is not controversial at all. It is a settled issue: Criminals shouldn’t buy guns. And there is no justification, in most Americans’ minds, for a Fed-eral law that today, on average, allows for four of six guns to be sold without a criminal background check. They want the law changed. We shouldn’t pretend this issue is politically con-troversial. It might be amidst lobbying circles in Washington, but it is not in the communities Team 26 rode through, and they can tell you that be-cause they were cheered everywhere they went. It is no small feat to organize this ride. It makes a difference in the com-munities in which they do events, the communities through which they ride, and it will ultimately make a dif-ference here. Every great movement for change is a long journey made worthwhile at the end when, after you have ridden up lots of hills and down into valleys, you end up at the finish line. I thank Team 26 for their work. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, while my friend from Connecticut is on the floor, let me say that I have been here long enough now to realize it is hard to change things with just a speech. In-deed, it is hard to change things by just voting up or down on bills. The way we actually solve problems is by trying to find consensus. I know the Senator from Connecticut and I have different views on the Sec-ond Amendment, and that may be be-cause there are different views around the country based on our experiences and the culture in which we were raised. I realize that in urban areas, particularly in the Northeast, the idea of people being raised around guns as a sort of way of life for recreation and self-defense and the like is just not their experience, but in other parts of the country—where the Presiding Offi-cer lives and where I live—it is, and people feel very strongly about their rights under the Second Amendment. There is a common ground here, and the Senator from Connecticut and I have talked about this, and that has to do with the mental health issue, where I hope we can find that consensus be-cause as long as we are talking past each other, we are never going to re-solve any of these issues, and I do think there is some common ground. In the end, a gun is an inanimate object. The fact is, if we continue to ignore the fact that mental illness is very often a factor in acts of gun violence, I think we are going to continue to talk past each other. As the Senator and I have discussed, I actually have a bill that I have intro-duced—the safer cities and mental health reform bill—which includes a provision allowing people like Adam Lanza’s mother to go to court and get a civil court order that would mandate that Adam Lanza take his prescribed anti-psychotic drugs. I don’t know in this instance if it would have changed the course of events, but I do know it would have given Adam Lanza’s mother—whom he murdered, and he stole her guns and then killed these poor, innocent chil-dren at Sandy Hook—an additional tool and may have just possibly avert-ed the tragedy. I know there are many families in America today who would welcome ad-ditional tools by which they could then help loved ones become compliant with their doctors’ orders to take their medication and become productive peo-ple. There is a gentleman named Pete Earley whom I know the Senator knows and who has testified here often. He is a journalist, but he wrote a book called ‘‘Crazy.’’ It is a book about his son’s experience, who had mental ill-ness. It is not about his son. The title is not for his son. It is about the so- called system that fails people like Pete Earley’s son because it doesn’t provide the options they need in order to deal with their mental illness. So I do think there are ways we can work together, but as long as we just keep making speeches to our respective constituents back home, we are never going to do that. I know we are working on the mental health issue now, and I would just say to my colleague: I am more than happy to try to find some common ground on this issue because I do think we need to improve the background check system for people who are adjudicated men-tally ill, such as the shooter at Vir-ginia Tech. This was a failure of the current system, where the Virginia law did not require that this mental health adjudication be uploaded into the background check system and then this terrible tragedy occurred. There are things we can do to im-prove the current background check system. There are things we can do to arm parents and families with new tools to help their mentally ill loved ones and maybe, just maybe, change the course of some of these incidents of mass violence, which are a terrible tragedy. So I make that offer. I know the Senator is not ready to cosponsor my legislation as currently written, but I would invite him to take a copy of it, mark through in a pencil the things he doesn’t like and can’t live with and give me what he can live with, and then we can perhaps begin that conversation. I thank the Senator for listening. 
BANKRUPTCY , NOT BAILOUTS BILL  
Mr. President, I came to speak on the FAA bill, the Federal Aviation Admin-istration reauthorization bill, but I first want to commend our colleagues in the House for passing some impor-tant legislation yesterday called the ‘‘Bankruptcy, Not Bailouts’’ bill—a bill that will put to rest once and for all the concept that it is somehow the tax-payers’ responsibility to bail out finan-cial institutions when they fail, put-ting our financial system in jeopardy. Of course, the idea of too big to fail was an unfair and, I think, an erro-neous concept made part of the law in the Dodd-Frank legislation that prioritizes large financial institutions over the needs of American families. We need to do everything we can to protect taxpayers from having been called upon to bail out banks. We need to let banks go bankrupt and use exist-ing laws to restructure their debt and then to get back on track. So this is actually a very important step in the right direction. I commend Chairman H
ENSARLING in the House of Representatives for pass-ing this important piece of legislation. It is similar to legislation that I have introduced here in the Senate with Senator T
OOMEY , the junior Senator from Pennsylvania, and I hope we can move forward soon. I have one other interjection on the whole idea of bankruptcy versus bail-outs. I read in the press and I hear from some of our colleagues in the House that they think the bankruptcy laws are somehow a bailout. It is the antithesis of a bailout. It is the oppo-site of a bailout because what it does is it authorizes a court of law under es-tablished rules and laws to restructure the debt of the bankrupt person or business. In doing so, it allows them to get it behind them and then to get on and continue to live a productive life as an individual or to deal with a pro-ductive business if you are a business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.025 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2001 April 13, 2016 
But the idea that somehow taking advantage of the bankruptcy laws is a taxpayer bailout is flat wrong. I hope our colleagues in the House have the courage, particularly as we look at the Puerto Rico situation, to realize that at some point, unless we act in the House and the Senate to deal with the impending crisis in Puerto Rico, unless we act in advance of that crisis, we are going to be presented with an emer-gency situation, and we are going to be asked to bail out Puerto Rico using taxpayer dollars, and I want none of that. I think all of us who were here during the financial crisis in 2008 would say the same thing: We want none of that. So let’s do our work, whether it is end-ing too big to fail for large financial in-stitutions or dealing with the impend-ing bankruptcy and financial crisis in Puerto Rico. Mr. President, to the topic of the day, for the past few days we have been working on this legislation to reau-thorize the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. Chairman T
HUNE of the Com-merce Committee and his staff have been doing some good work and mak-ing a lot of progress toward completing the bill. I hope that cooperation con-tinues and that we are able to conclude this legislation tomorrow. This legislation would do some very important things. It would streamline critical new investments in airport in-frastructure and aviation safety to pro-tect passengers and to help them get where they need to go more efficiently. It would also include the most com-prehensive airline security reforms since President Obama took office. For example, it strengthens the vetting process for airport employees and ad-dresses a growing number of cyber se-curity threats facing aviation and air navigation system. Most important of all, it puts Amer-ican consumers and safety first. It does so without raising taxes or adding fees to customers that feel like a tax. You may call it a fee. But if it costs money, it really doesn’t feel any different than a tax. I would also like to point out the benefits to States like mine, Texas. It protects air traffic partnerships that supports dozens of Texas airports and directly responds to requests that I have gotten from Texas communities looking for new opportunities to im-prove regional air traffic management or expand service in order to meet de-mand—all crucial measures that help Texas communities move people and goods safely through airports. I have introduced an amendment to this legislation with the two Arizona Senators and the junior Senator from Nevada, Mr. H
ELLER , that would do even more to help our ports of entry by strengthening public-private partner-ships at air, land, and sea ports. The fact of the matter is that financial re-sources—money—is always in short supply, and rather than always coming back to the taxpayer and saying you need to pay more, what we need to do is become more creative. That is why public-private partnerships are impor-tant. Local communities are willing to join in a partnership with the Federal Government to deal with these critical infrastructure needs at land, air, and sea ports, and that is what this amend-ment would do. We have already seen in my State time and again how important these partnerships can be to help reduce wait times at ports of entry—at the land- based ports of entry such as Laredo, which is the largest land-based port of entry in the United States. If you have ever been there, you have seen the trucks stacked up coming from Mexico. There is important trade that goes on between our two countries that sup-ports 6 million jobs in the United States alone. But these public-private partnerships have been very successful in helping to deal with our infrastruc-ture needs. It is not just about conven-ience. It has an economic impact as well. I mentioned that the 6 million people who benefit because of their jobs de-pend on binational trade between the United States and Mexico. For exam-ple, according to one study, each minute a truck sits idle at the border waiting to come to the United States, even though they are legally author-ized to come here to bring goods manu-factured or produced in Mexico, more than $100 million in economic output is lost or forfeited. Let me say that again. For every minute a truck sits at the border be-cause we don’t have the infrastructure to process the truck into the United States, more than $100 million in eco-nomic output is lost or forfeited. So this amendment would authorize more of these partnerships, which would also facilitate staffing and bet-ter protect legitimate trade and travel and keep our economy running smooth-ly and keep jobs being created. I hope my colleagues will consider this amendment and vote to build on the success of similar programs in the past, both in Texas and across the country. I want to mention one last amend-ment, one introduced yesterday, as well, that would target the world’s foremost sponsor of terrorism. That is the country of Iran. Mahan Air is Iran’s largest commercial airline, and it has repeatedly played a role in ex-porting Iran’s terrorism. We all know Iran as being the No. 1 state sponsor of international ter-rorism, and Mahan Air is one of the ways they export that terrorism. We might call Mahan Air ‘‘Terrorist Air-ways.’’ That would perhaps be more precise. It not only supports the efforts of the Quds Force, a special unit of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard, but of another Iranian-backed terrorist group, Hezbollah. To put it simply, Mahan Air enables the reach of Iranian personnel and weapons throughout the Middle East, as well as Iran’s proxies, as the regime continues unabated to undercut the in-terests of the United States and our al-lies in the Middle East, such as Israel. Unfortunately, today Mahan Air is working to expand its international op-erations now that the Obama adminis-tration has lifted sanctions as part of the misguided Iran nuclear deal. Mahan Air is expanding its oper-ations and adding more international airports to its flight patterns, includ-ing several in Europe in an effort to in-crease its bottom line. Mahan Air’s un-fettered support of terrorism in the worst aspects of the Iranian regime should give us all pause. I am con-cerned about the security risks of Americans who fly in and out of the same airports serviced by a Mahan Air aircraft. My amendment would require the De-partment of Homeland Security to compile and make public a list of air-ports where Mahan Air has recently landed. I think the public has a right to know that the airports they are fly-ing into are being used to service an airline of the Iranian Government used to export terrorism. It would also re-quire the Department of Homeland Se-curity to assess what added security measures are needed. We must protect our country and our citizens from an airline that is complicit in terrorist ac-tivity. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this commonsense amend-ment to the FAA reauthorization bill to help shine a light on this bad actor. I will close with this. Under new leadership, the 114th Congress has ac-tually gotten the Senate back to work again. It is not just for the benefit of the majority party. It is not just for the benefit of the minority party. It is actually for the benefit of the constitu-ents we serve, because they are the ones who benefit when we can try to work and find common ground and move legislation forward where we can find agreement, knowing that there are many areas where we will never find agreement because of fundamental principle differences of opinion. But this is another example of an impor-tant piece of legislation that will ben-efit the entire country. It definitely isn’t a partisan piece of legislation. So it is something I am glad we have been able to move forward on, and I look forward to concluding this legislation tomorrow. It is time we upgrade our air trans-portation system for the entire coun-try, and it is time to put the safety of airline customers first. This bill does that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
AMERICA ’S COAL INDUSTRY  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about something very dear to me and to so many of my fellow Wyo-mingites, particularly those in Gil-lette, WY, where I used to be the mayor. It is the third largest town in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.027 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2002 April 13, 2016 
Wyoming. It has 30,000 people. That would be a very small town to the rest of the Nation, but here is an effect it is having. This administration has made no secret about its continuous efforts to whittle away at America’s coal in-dustry. Well, very sadly, 2 weeks ago those efforts resulted in unprecedented layoffs, as two of Wyoming’s biggest coal mines let go of 15 percent of their workforce. My wife and I were heart-broken to see these 456 miners sud-denly out of work. Besides the mines, there are railroad layoffs because that is how Wyoming coal is delivered to the other 40 States in the Nation. Outside of Gillette, there are 130 coal engines parked, not to mention trains. That means 1,200 railroad workers are out of jobs. Today, Peabody coal announced that they are filing chapter 11 bankruptcy. We will see more of that. I know the suffering of the 456 people and the 1,200 railroad people suddenly out of work may not sound so bad in places such as California or New York, but in Wyoming, whole communities feel that kind of impact. Folks I talked to in Wyoming are depressed and angry, and it is because the energy in-dustries they support and rely upon have for too long been the target of bad Federal policies. People have been mining coal in Wy-oming since the mid-1800s, but it wasn’t until the 1970s that the industry really took off. The Clean Air Act of 1970 implemented the original restric-tions on sulfur dioxide emissions, and, suddenly, the low sulfur content, the clean coal from Wyoming’s Powder River Basin was in high demand. Wyo-ming went from producing just under 2 percent of our Nation’s coal in the late 1960s to producing 9 percent by the end of the 1970s. That number rose to 31 percent by the end of the 1990s. By the end of 2014, 39 percent of the Nation’s electricity was generated by coal, according to the Energy Informa-tion Administration, and 40 percent of that coal was generated in Wyoming. That year, Wyoming’s 20 mines di-rectly employed over 6,500 workers who earn an average salary of nearly $84,000—almost twice the statewide av-erage. The industry indirectly employs tens of thousands more contractors in jobs that support the coal industry. The coal industry paid over $1.14 bil-lion to Wyoming in taxes, royalties, and other revenue in 2014. That is money that was used for schools, roads, and community colleges across the State. Those are all in jeopardy. With all of this affordable energy, with all of these well-paying jobs, how did Wyoming find itself losing jobs last week? How did Wyoming wind up with the fastest growing unemployment rate in the Nation? Well, I recently ran across this 2011 editorial cartoon that I think helps explain how this adminis-tration is bringing down the coal in-dustry. This cartoon was drawn and dedi-cated to the Wyoming Legislature when they were talking about some similar things. It is still pertinent, but we have to change the tattoo on the arm to say administration, and the dates need to be changed to 2012, when the Environmental Protection Agency issued its final Mercury Air Toxics Standard rule. This needs to be changed to 2015, when the Department of Interior piled on with its proposed stream protection rule and the EPA leased its final Clean Power Plan. We need to change this to 2016, when Inte-rior froze the Federal Coal Leasing Program. If we imagine those changes, this cartoon can explain how we got where we are today. We are killing the golden goose, the producer of low-cost energy for the United States. Let me expand on those issues a bit further. It is a little hard to under-stand with only the titles. In 2012 the EPA finalized a standard that required a strict reduction in air emissions from electric-generating units. It was known as the Mercury Air Toxics Standards— or MATS—rule, and like many of the rules from the EPA, the cost of this regulation was immense and the bene-fits were limited, even if the benefits are calculated over a much longer pe-riod of time than the costs. The EPA estimated that the rule would create $500,000 to $6 million in benefits related to this mercury reduction. It would cost—remember that this is $500,000 to $6 million in benefits—nearly $10 bil-lion annually to implement the rule. Luckily the Supreme Court rejected the MATS rule last year, stating that the EPA should have considered costs before setting out to regulate mercury from fossil-fuel fired power plants. But the administration wasn’t deterred. Last year Congress disapproved of both the Stream Protection Rule and the Clean Power Plan—disastrous rules aimed at eliminating the extraction and use of low-cost energy—by using the Congressional Review Act. We did so with bipartisan support. Yet the President did not listen and instead chose to veto those bills. I believe U.S. Presidents should first and foremost seek to help the citizens of the United States, and that means the President must have a deep under-standing of the people and the chal-lenges they face. President Obama and others in his administration—and some seeking to replace him—have dem-onstrated how woefully little they un-derstand about coal, the jobs that are related to coal, the people who produce it, and even the people who use it. Many folks in Wyoming who produce and use coal have reached out to me, and I want this administration to hear from them. The administration needs to hear from people like Nancy from my hometown in Gillette. She wrote last week to tell me about losing her job at a mine where she worked for 9 years. She is 64 years old, single, and takes care of her elderly father. She has a house payment—a house she worked very hard to keep after going through a divorce. Now she is worried about her house and just wants a job so she can keep her house and retire with a little money in her pocket. To understand the impact these poli-cies have on not just energy workers but the communities in which they live, the administration needs to hear about Sarah from Newcastle, which is about 70 miles from Gillette and about 50 miles from any coal mines. Sarah and her husband started a carpet and flooring store and had been success-fully managing it for over three dec-ades. She is sad to see so many in her community out of work and fearful that the economic downturn will mean the end of a business she has devoted her life to creating. The administration needs to hear from Robert, again from Gillette, his and my hometown. He recently lost his job at a smaller coal mine and had to uproot his family to move to another State in order to find work. He knows that out West the media markets are small and the national news will never cover the heartbreaking stories of his colleagues and neighbors in this coal market. Robert needs to know that maybe the media won’t cover his fam-ily’s story, but I won’t forget about him, and I won’t stop fighting the bad policies this administration has cre-ated. America has the resources, America has the manpower, and America has the reserves to provide the energy we need for a strong economy and a healthy environment. Nobody knows that better than the folks in Wyoming, where people for generations have made a good living extracting energy from the same lands on which they love to hunt, fish, hike, and camp. Peo-ple are dedicated stewards of the land and want their children and grand-children to enjoy it in the same way. That is why Wyoming coal mines are recognized year after year for their outstanding reclamation efforts. You can see that in this photo of the beau-tiful land in Wyoming where a short time before a coal mine existed. On occasion, I take people out to view the coal mines, and usually, as we get close to the coal mine, they say: Oh, don’t let them tear up that land over there. It is beautiful. We have to explain to them: That is where the mine used to be; this is where it is headed. They say: Oh. If you can change that into this, do it. There are some difficulties with re-placing it like this. This hill had to be exactly the same as it was before the coal was removed. If there are stones in there, they have to be put back where they were before. The ranchers who border on these coal mines think, why would anybody move that much dirt and put it back the way it was? Well, it is the law, and they have been following the law and getting phe-nomenal results. What Wyoming and other States that produce and rely on fossil fuels need is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.028 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2003 April 13, 2016 
innovative policies that will encourage new ways to continue to develop and use America’s huge reserves of coal, oil, and gas. We are the Saudi Arabia of coal, and that can displace some of what Saudi Arabia has been thrusting on us for decades. One of those options is carbon sequestration, which Sen-ators from both sides of the aisle in this Chamber have historically sup-ported. Using that technology, carbon dioxide emitted from combusting fossil fuels can be captured and routed to se-cure geological storage, preventing it from being released into the atmos-phere, although plants need that. The carbon dioxide can also be used for en-hanced recovery of oil and natural gas to help ensure that America efficiently utilizes these resources. When a well is drilled and pumped, you get about 25 percent of the oil out of the ground. There is some enhanced recovery that has been invented and since that time, and they can get about another 20 percent out of the ground. That means that 55 percent of our value is still underground. People are working to invent ways to take care of that and take care of the energy we are going to need to be energy inde-pendent. Even the White House supports in-vestment in research and development projects to make carbon capture more accessible, deployable, and affordable. I hope my colleagues from any State that uses or produces fossil fuels will join me in supporting policies to en-courage carbon sequestration and the use of carbon. There are a number of uses, and one of those is to get that en-hanced oil recovery. Last week was a tough one for Wyo-ming, but I am proud to be from a State that has always found a way to bounce back from any bust. Actually, what we have is a leveling out, but it is a difficult leveling out because for the first time coal prices, oil prices, and natural gas prices are all down at the same time. When you have an economy that is building for growth and it levels out, it seems like a dramatic bust. This is not the end of coal’s chapter in Wyoming history. I will keep work-ing to make sure of that. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that an article that just came out today entitled ‘‘The Powder River Basin: Creating a new future in Wyo-ming’s biggest coal town,’’ which talks about some of the innovative things people are doing and how it will help Gillette, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
POWDER RIVER BASIN: CREATING A NEW F
UTURE IN WYOMING ’SBIGGEST COALTOWN (By E&E reporter, Brittany Patterson, April 13, 2016) G
ILLETTE , WY.—Laura Chapman’s best- selling cupcake is the ‘‘Coal Seam Over-load,’’ a decadent chocolate cake topped with rich chocolate frosting and dark choco-late toppings. It’s a tribute to her home state’s top ex-port, a product that eventually is used by 1 out of every 5 homes or businesses in the United States. ‘‘It does permeate the whole lifestyle here,’’ she said, from inside Alla Lala Cup-cakes and Sweet Things, Gillette’s first and only cupcake shop, which Chapman opened in the town’s downtown district in 2013. On its face, a specialty store like Chap-man’s might seem out of place in a town that since its founding has been strongly rooted in producing coal, oil, natural gas and methane. Located in the heart of the Powder River Basin, Gillette is surrounded by 12 coal mines, some of the largest in the country, employing some 5,600 people, according to 2014 data. In a county just shy of 50,000, the mines provide jobs for 1 out of every 10 resi-dents. On a recent March morning, charter buses, similar to the ones that ferry tech workers to the Google and Facebook campuses, head out of Gillette. Yet these buses aren’t filled with coders and app designers, but with min-ers. Pickup trucks sporting long poles topped with bright orange flags follow suit. The flags are to make sure those operating the living room-sized coal trucks don’t acciden-tally engage in an unintentional monster truck brawl. On the south side of town at mining parts supplier L&H Industrial, a 13,000-square-foot mural is devoted largely to an image of inky black coal being scooped into a coal truck, a train filled with coal passing by. Since 1990, the town’s population has dou-bled to a little more than 30,000, a respect-able size in a state where pronghorn ante-lopes outnumber people. But the promise of plentiful, good-paying jobs has not only brought people to the self-styled, ‘‘Energy Capital of the Nation,’’ but also brought tax revenues and prosperity. Wyoming produces 39 percent of the na-tion’s coal, or about 382 million tons in 2014, according to the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. Because Gillette is so interconnected with coal and other fossil energy resources, it faces a barrage of assaults, both economic and regulatory. Production of Wyoming coal has declined 14 percent since 2011. Late last month, mass layoffs were announced. At the largest mine in the region, Peabody Energy Corp.’s North Antelope Rochelle mine, 235 workers were told not to come to work. Arch Coal Inc. cut 230 jobs. The reduc-tions represent about 15 percent of each com-pany’s workforce in the state. A boomtown since its founding, Gillette is acutely aware of the central role that nat-ural resources, especially coal, have played in its existence. And yet Gillette seems de-termined to survive in a world that is push-ing coal out. It has invested in itself and planned for a future where coal is not king. The question now facing Gillette is wheth-er it has done enough: Can this boomtown weather this bust? Shedding a boomtown stigma. Founded in 1892, the city was named after railroad surveyor Edward Gillette. Today, between 80 and 100 trains speed out of the re-gion daily, carrying Wyoming coal to more than 30 states. In the 1960s, oil development about doubled the city’s population from about 3,500 to more than 7,000. The rapid population growth spurred violence and crime, so much that psychologist Eldean Kohrs in 1974 coined the term ‘‘Gillette Syndrome’’ to describe the social problems that accompany a boom-town. With the passage of the Clean Air Act in 1963 and subsequent amendments in the years after, power plants began turning to Powder River Basin coal. Gillette officially became a coal town. It wasn’t until the mid-1970s that then- mayor and now U.S. Sen. Mike Enzi (R) crafted a city expansion plan aimed at changing the public perception about Gil-lette. A major component included investing in infrastructure to support the growing pop-ulation. Built on a 19-mile grid, present-day Gil-lette is an amalgamation of strip malls newly filled with chain stores like Petco and Buffalo Wild Wings. Rows of hotels and mo-tels advertise weekly rates, and newly con-structed subdivisions rise out of the hilly landscape. Shiny trucks, boats and campers litter driveways. There are two frozen yogurt shops and two golf courses. Recent growth has been steady since the mid-2000s, which Chapman said has led to more boutique shops like hers opening down-town. About a decade ago, the city and county began investing a sizable portion of revenues from the energy sector back into services for the community. For $53 a month, residents can use the state-of-the-art recreation center featuring a six-lane indoor track and a 42- foot climbing wall designed to resemble as-pects of the nearby Devils Tower National Monument. The Gillette that Chapman grew up in hardly resembles the one that exists today, she said. ‘‘Hell, when Applebee’s opened 10 years ago, it was like the town wanted to throw a party, because before then, the only chains we had were fast-food restaurants,’’ she said, laughing. ‘‘And I know that sounds weird, but that’s an exciting thing to realize, ‘Hey, we’ve gotten to this point they’re going to build an Applebee’s.’’’ REIMAGINING A CITY WITH FEWER PEOPLE  But as the coal industry feels the pinch, the city’s investments are being tested. Gil-lette is losing people as mines make layoffs, supporting service companies shutter their doors, and oil and gas production falls, said Wyoming state Sen. Michael Von Flatern (R). About 1,500 people have packed up and left in the last year, and he expects another couple of thousand to move on before the summer is out. ‘‘I expect we’ll lose 10 percent of our popu-lation over the next year,’’ he said. Charlene Murdock, executive director of the Campbell County Chamber of Commerce, embodies the interconnectedness of the energy industry and business community in Gillette. She spent nearly eight years with the chamber in the 1990s and then did communications work for energy companies, most recently working for four years with Peabody Energy. She is generous with her laughter but also gives off a no-nonsense vibe, and she is quick to shoot down the word ‘‘bust’’ as a descriptor for the current situation in Gil-lette, preferring to call it a ‘‘softer economic period.’’ ‘‘Bust, to me, says something like ‘We have no jobs, we have no people, we have no income,’’’ Murdock said, noting that Gil-lette’s latest ‘‘boom’’ was more like steady growth for the last 12 years. Murdock sees this period as one of ‘‘lev-eling off’’ in Gillette, even a chance for the community to catch its breath. At the height of the energy boom in the 2007–08, unemployment was less than 2 per-cent. Houses were on the market mere hours before being snapped up. And yes, she said, this downturn might mean the end of some businesses and serv-ices. For example, Gillette might lose one of its frozen yogurt shops. Perhaps, this year, housing development will not occur, she al-lowed. But whether it’s growth or decline, she said, those who have made roots in Gil-lette are aware that energy commodities drive the economy and uncertainty isn’t new. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.029 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2004 April 13, 2016 
‘‘I really don’t see us not having an energy industry in two years’ time,’’ Murdock said. ‘‘While I think certainly people are appre-hensive about what the future looks like, I think they also are resilient, and we’ll see that resiliency really pay off for us.’’ Not everyone is convinced. Greg Cottrell, owner of the Big O Tires in Gillette, falls into the worried camp. He worked for 14 years in the Cordero Rojo mine when it was owned by Kennecott Energy, and he said this downturn feels different. ‘‘We’ve never had a war on coal before coming from the administration,’’ he said. ’We’ve had coal companies since the ’70s. So for 40 years, they’ve been a very big part of this community and the growth and the rea-son we have very good schools and hospitals and recreation centers for kids.’’ 
LOOKING FOR A PLAN B  That phrase ‘‘the war on coal’’ isn’t un-common in Wyoming. Many in Gillette feel President Obama’s environmental policies targeting carbon emissions have doomed the industry. Concerns abound about a decision earlier this year by the Department of the Interior to pause federal coal leasing for three years while the agency conducts a review of the program. All of the mines near here are part of the federal coal program. Another fear is U.S. EPA’s Clean Power Plan, which which is expected to reduce car-bon dioxide emissions from power plants 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030 nationwide. Gillette is surrounded by, and in some cases part owner of, three coal-fired power plants. Some could be on the chopping block in order for the state to meet its emissions cuts under the rule. Some of the worry is tied to Gillette’s deep financial dependence on coal. Revenues from the resource are the second-largest cash stream for state and local governments in Wyoming. In 2014, the total amounted to $1.14 billion. In addition, since 1992, Wyoming has re-ceived more than $2 billion in coal bonus bids, which are paid to BLM and the state over a five-year period once a lease is issued. The money has been used to fund schools, highways and community colleges across the state. Right now, Cottrell said, companies that supported the energy industry, especially the oil industry, have closed shop or aren’t spending money, at least not on new tires. He concedes that the city is different, big-ger. ‘‘We don’t have so much of an up-and-down economy now because Gillette is a little more diversified,’’ he said, but added, ‘‘I wouldn’t call it self-sustaining yet, though.’’ Last month, the Wyoming Department of Workforce Services reported that Campbell County had experienced one of the largest jumps in unemployment across the state. From January 2015 to January 2016, unem-ployment rose from 3.6 percent to 6 percent. That was before the huge mine layoffs were announced. A population exodus means a loss of sales tax revenue for the city, but a downturn in the energy sector also affects the tax base significantly. Each living room-sized coal truck, road grader or shovel is purchased by the mines from businesses on the south side of town. The city, for its part, has recently re-eval-uated how it will invest in major capital projects over the next five years, according to Gillette City Administrator Carter Na-pier, but with no way to know if revenues from the energy sector might rebound, the city is facing tough decisions. ‘‘The further questions we need to have are with regard to what services we may need to cut and what programs we may need to cur-tail until we can feel comfortable that rev-enue is back to at least an understandable level,’’ he said. But if it doesn’t come back, there might be a plan B. MEET THE MAN TRYING TO DIVERSIFY GILLETTE  Soft-spoken, with wire-rimmed glasses, Phil Christopherson’s current job is engi-neering, but of a different kind than the former Boeing employee was trained to do. As CEO of Energy Capital Economic Devel-opment, his job is to help diversify the city’s energy-intensive economy. The two-person entity is both publicly and privately funded and tasked with promoting, retaining and expanding business in Gillette. The state-of-the-art sports complex, events center and other niceties in Gillette were part of that calculation, the idea being that they would foster community and help pro-vide reasons to stay even when times get tough. Expanding the community college is an-other form of economic diversification, one that required the city, the county and pri-vate industry to step up financially. Inside the Technical Education Center, part of Gil-lette College, students can earn associate’s degrees in welding, industrial electricity, mining machine tools and diesel technology. There’s a popular nursing program, as well. Inside the Peabody Energy Hall, students re-hearse for an upcoming musical perform-ance. The college is expanding and adding an arena, and more dorms are under construc-tion. In 2010, the group partnered with the city to revitalize the downtown shopping district now home to the cupcake shop, a brewery, boutique clothing stores and a meadery, among others. Public art adorns the corners of South Gillette Avenue. Art is also sprin-kled throughout town—a lustrous palm tree, a polar bear sculpture and a larger-than-life spider. ‘‘There’s never not something to do,’’ added Mary Melaragno, director of business retention and expansion with Energy Capital Economic Development. The group’s newest endeavor, with help from a grant from the Wyoming Business Council, is to purchase office space it could then rent to new businesses looking to relo-cate, like an incubator. In the wake of the historic layoffs, Christopherson sees the role of diversifying Gillette as even more important. ‘‘It’s interesting,’’ he said. ‘‘You have some people that are quite worried and quite fear-ful, but there’s a segment of the population that has stepped up.’’ Some residents have even started a ‘‘Stay Strong Gillette’’ movement, he said. And why not Gillette, supporters say. The city has the rail and road infrastructure, ac-cess to cheap and plentiful electricity and a workforce that is used to working hard. Already, one company, Atlas Carbon LLC, has moved to town with a business plan that includes using coal—in this case manufac-turing activated carbon (the stuff found in water filters)—but not burning it for energy. Christopherson said he hopes it’s enough. He concedes that if the community had prioritized this effort five or 10 years ago, ‘‘we could have helped insulate against some of this.’’ Still, he doesn’t see Gillette existing with-out coal mining. And he’s not alone. Most people in Gillette don’t believe coal will disappear from their lives anytime soon, if ever. Instead, the con-sensus seems to be that the peak of coal pro-duction in Campbell County has come and gone. ‘‘There is a way to continue Gillette’s eco-nomic success and move us into a future that is not dependent upon coal and oil and meth-ane,’’ said Chapman, back at the cupcake shop. ‘‘I just feel like there’s a way to do it right, a way that lessens the impact on the people who live and work here and a way that lessens the impact on our future.’’ For now, Chapman said business is good and she is content to continue whipping up cupcakes and baking birthday cakes. Her husband is in the process of opening a whis-key barber shop across the street. ‘‘Of course I’m optimistic,’’ she said laugh-ing. ‘‘I opened a cupcake shop, didn’t I?’’ 
Mr. ENZI. If we eliminate coal, it will force people across the Nation to pay more for their energy. Coal has a good base load. It runs all the time. It is not like wind. If the wind doesn’t blow, you don’t have it. It is not like solar. If the sun doesn’t shine, you don’t have it. Coal can work 24 hours a day, and it is low cost. There has also been more done to clean up coal-burning power plants than any-where else. We invite people to come to Gillette, WY, and look at the power plants and clean air that we have. The only time we get regional haze is when the for-ests burn in Oregon or Washington and blow into Wyoming and make our mountains disappear. You won’t find coal dust around there, either, because people don’t let anything blow away that they can sell. We hope everyone will come and take a look at the environment and the power plants so you, too, can say: You know, coal is not bad, and America needs it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, this is now my 39th edition of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ For 39 weeks I have been back on the floor when the Senate has been in session to talk about unnecessary, fraudulent, wasted, abusive spending of taxpayer dollars. We have run up quite a toll—more than I thought we would—but the more I dig into this and the more informa-tion we get from the agencies that are looking at how we spend taxpayers’ dollars, the more alarmed I have been and the public should be and our col-leagues should be over how these hard- earned tax dollars are spent in a wast-ed and abusive way or a fraudulent way. So I am going to keep doing this to alert my colleagues and alert the American people—in particular, people in my State—that there are ways we can better and more efficiently use their tax dollars or not require them in the first place. This week I am focusing on docu-mented abuse of the Department of Ag-riculture’s Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program. Most Hoosiers and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.006 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2005 April 13, 2016 
other Americans know this as the Food Stamp Program. The Food Stamp Pro-gram has had some ups and downs in terms of our support, and there has been a lot of bad publicity about the abuse of this program. I get many let-ters and contacts in my office describ-ing standing in the grocery line and seeing someone use food stamps not for milk for their children or cereal or nu-tritious food but for junk food or to-bacco or alcohol. The program is not supposed to be used for that kind of thing, but somehow we keep reading about potential misuse of what this program is intended to do. Now, the SNAP program, as it is now called—Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program, S-N-A-P, the SNAP pro-gram—exists to provide low-income in-dividuals with their nutrition needs and food items. It is funded by the Fed-eral Government, and it is adminis-tered by the States. Let me begin by saying I am not here to do a critique of the program. That is a topic for a different discussion. I am here to talk about whether this pro-gram is being effectively run by the States and effectively funded by the Federal Government. What we have learned is that—no surprise—as with so many other Federal programs, there has been gaming and fraudulent use of the program. There clearly are people who don’t qualify and are not eligible for receiving these food stamp vouchers but are nevertheless receiving them through this program. The government has become modern with the digital age, and instead of food stamps they issue an electronic benefits transfer card. It is like a debit card that people carry in their wallet. Money is added to that card electroni-cally and it can be used at grocery stores. People swipe it. Hopefully, it works better than Secretary Clinton’s card worked at the subways of New York. Anyway, you can swipe this card, and it will deduct the amount you have, in terms of the cost of the food provided, and it is refreshed on a monthly basis. In looking at the program, the Gen-eral Accountability Office got some tips about the fact that a lot of re-placement cards were being sent out. We all leave our license on the counter in the kitchen or our credit card and we wonder, ‘‘Where is that credit card,’’ and then we need a replacement. This happens. We understand that. So there is a replacement card program available through SNAP. You say you lost your card and they send you a new one. The problem is that GAO—the Government Accountability Office— learned from the program that a tre-mendous amount of replacement cards were going out to people—sometimes over four. Then, they say: Wait a minute. Maybe we ought to look at this because this person has been ask-ing for replacement cards on a regular basis. Are they really losing those cards or are they using them for other purposes? So they set up a trial program. They looked at three States—Massachusetts, Michigan, and Nebraska—and found that more than 7,500 households receiv-ing these SNAP benefits had suspicious transactions and were using four or more EBT cards in a year during key times, such as when cards were cred-ited with benefits, and all of a sudden the request came in, saying: I lost my card—and by the way this is the fifth time or sixth time or whatever. In totaling all of this, the General Accountability Office said this ac-counted for more than $26 million of suspicious transactions. Now, that was just from the three States. These are sizable States—Massachusetts, Michi-gan, and Nebraska—but they pale in comparison to say Florida, Texas, Cali-fornia, and New York. So if it was $26 million of suspicious transactions for just these three States that were looked into, imagine what it would be if they checked all 50 States. So we did some calculations using the same proportion of SNAP house-holds as those identified by GAO as af-fecting the whole country, and we came up with roughly $3.2 billion of waste over a 10-year period of time. That is not small change. A lot of peo-ple work awfully hard to accumulate the kind of money needed to total $3.2 billion and then only to see it wasted. People said: Maybe these suspicious transactions were legitimate. So we did a quick search on Craig’s List. Craig’s List is this list you go into—I know all of the young pages understand this. We old people aren’t necessarily up to speed on all of these new electronic transactions and processes and so forth. I got into it with the help of my young staff. We got into Craig’s List and we found that what was being ad-vertised—see, on Craig’s List you put up something that others will want to buy, and it can be anything from a washing machine to a lawn mower, to a picture frame or whatever. We found some people advertising these SNAP cards, these EBT cards. For instance, a mechanic named Marco could—this was not M
ARCO RUBIO, by the way—a me-chanic named Marco will accept EBT cards as payment for auto care, he said. In other words, if you have a problem with your car, come over to my shop. I will fix it for you, and in-stead of cash, you can give me EBT cards. So probably that is pretty tempting. How much to fix my auto-mobile? Thirty-five bucks. I have an EBT card. It has $33.47 left on it. How about I pay you with that? He says: OK. I can take that in payment. Then they apply for a replacement card. That is probably one of the ways it adds up. Another person advertised two Beyonce tickets. I haven’t been to a Beyonce concert, but I actually know who she is. I actually realize, even at my age, that she is a star and every-body wants these tickets. So they ad-vertised two tickets for $1,200 and said: We can accept EBT cards for payment. Somebody has to accumulate a lot of these cards to come up with a payment for two tickets to a Beyonce concert. Another post on Craig’s List reads: ‘‘I have around $1,300 in food stamps and have no need for it at all.’’ I will sell this card with $1,300 in credits if you will send me $300. I guess that raises questions about how these cards are being used, and these are just a few ex-amples. This kind of fraud obviously needs to be addressed. As all of the other 38 weeks of ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ I have put up here continues to accumulate, these cards obviously are not being used—all of them—for those who need it and for its intended purpose. It is clear that we ought to be adopting GAO’s methodology of tracking both the number of recipients that receive more and more EBT cards at specific times of the year and those with sus-picious transactions, and I think a lot of this abuse could be eliminated. So what we are doing today is we are adding another $3.2 billion of waste, and we continue to raise the amounts. It is now $162 billion of waste, fraud, and abuse. This is going to continue as we alert the American people, inform my colleagues in the Senate and the Congress, and inform the administra-tion that there are ways to better use, and hopefully not even have to request in the first place, the kind of tax dol-lars we are paying for a clearly dys-functional Federal Government pro-gram. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the FAA reauthor-ization legislation before us, as well as the managers’ amendment filed yester-day on this key piece of legislation. This is an important bill that will en-sure the airport and airway trust fund will remain solvent and that our Na-tion’s airway system—and the count-less jobs that are impacted by the sys-tem—do not have to deal with a fund-ing shortfall or a lapse in authoriza-tion. The airport and airway trust fund fi-nances many of our national aviation programs. Currently, expenditures from the trust fund are authorized through July 15 of this year. The provi-sions that ensure adequate funding for the trust fund expire at the same time. That means that, absent congressional action, national airway programs and projects will come to a screeching halt about 3 months from now. Make no mistake, this bill is about protecting jobs and consumer interests across the country. No one would ben-efit from a lapse in funding or author-ization as either one would threaten 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.031 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2006 April 13, 2016 
the livelihoods of people throughout the country. While from time to time the passage of what should be consid-ered routine legislation can get weighed down by unrelated issues, no one seriously disputes the need to get the bill over the finish line. As the Presiding Officer knows, the Senate Finance Committee, which I chair, is responsible for the tax title of the FAA bill. The trust fund is paid for through a number of tax provisions that are set to expire in July along with the authorization of expenditures from the trust fund. These provisions include longstanding taxes on domestic and international airfares, taxes on jet fuel, and others. In years past, the Finance Com-mittee has introduced and debated leg-islation to renew and, if necessary, up-date those provisions. We typically have a markup and report the legisla-tion out of committee. I had intended to follow a similar course with this year’s FAA bill. Unfortunately, that isn’t how things worked out. As we were working through the process in committee to set up an FAA markup, it became clear that my friends on the other side of this aisle saw the bill as an opportunity to add a number of extraneous items—provi-sions that had nothing whatsoever to do with the FAA—to the bill and set the stage for a politically charged de-bate in the Finance Committee. Now, I am not one to shy away from controversy, but with an item of this importance—one that is a priority for Members on both sides—I didn’t see the benefit for either side in turning the FAA tax title into another wide-rang-ing tax extenders bill and reducing the robust debate process in the Finance Committee to a series of controversial votes. Moreover, given the small lead time before the authorizing bill was to be up for floor debate, a markup that addressed anything more than the Fi-nance Committee’s basic responsibility to fund the FAA would have prejudiced Members on both sides in terms of preparation. For all of these reasons, we decided not to mark up the bill in committee, and, instead, to resolve the matter here on the floor. It appears that it has been resolved. There will be voting before the end of the week on a simple extension of the taxes dedicated to the airport and air-way trust fund through the end of Fis-cal Year 2017. Ultimately, a clean ex-tension of the FAA taxes like the one before us is probably the best approach. My main priority in developing this legislation was to ensure adequate funding for the FAA and airway projects and programs throughout the country and to do so in a fiscally re-sponsible manner. Over the past few weeks, we heard a lot of talk about adding additional pro-visions to the tax title and there were some efforts to once again stack this legislation with extraneous items. In-deed, leading up to yesterday, lobbyists and special interest groups all over town were waiting with baited breath to see what was in the tax title. Don’t get me wrong. I am not a pur-ist or foolhardy idealist. While I have made it clear that I would prefer that the Senate pass a clean FAA bill, I know that none of us can reasonably expect to get everything we want out of every piece of legislation, particu-larly when the goal is bipartisan com-promise. I am very much in favor of practicing the art of the doable, which sometimes means accepting things I don’t want to see happen. I have been willing to work with my colleagues to include other provisions in the tax title in order to get a deal on the overall FAA bill. I will leave it to others to charac-terize what happened in those negotia-tions, as none of the items under dis-cussion were high priorities for me. I will just note that after weeks of dis-cussion, finger-pointing, and a little bit of grandstanding, the decision was made to move forward on a clean 18- month extension of the FAA funding provisions, which once again, was my preference from the outset. Needless to say, I am pleased with the outcome. I wish we could have taken a less contentious path to arrive at this conclusion. Still, this is a good outcome for the American people and for all the indus-tries that rely on a fully functional air-way system. The legislation before us will extend the programs for a year and a half and provide greater certainty for people and businesses around the coun-try. On top of that, it will improve se-curity on planes and in our Nation’s airports while also providing much needed improvements to help con-sumers and airline passengers. I know that the people of Utah in my home State are particularly interested in seeing Congress finish its work on the FAA reauthorization. Over the last few months, I have heard from many groups and businesses from Utah and elsewhere on a number of issues ad-dressed by this bill, including airport funding, drone safety, rural airport needs, and general aviation. Many people, when they think about Utah’s airways, probably think that we just have the one airport in Salt Lake City. Make no mistake, that is an im-portant airport, not only to Utah but to air travel and shipping all across the country and other parts of the world. But my State’s interest in the FAA bill extends well beyond the Salt Lake City International Airport. All told, we have 47 total airports in the State of Utah, varying greatly in purpose, size, and overall capacity, all of which would benefit from this legislation. Many of these airports have new devel-opment or expansion projects either underway or in the planning stages. The legislation before us will give as-surances to these airports and allow them to plan for future needs. The bill also includes important pro-visions from the Treating Small Air-ports with Fairness Act, which con-stitutes section 5028 of the FAA bill. This legislation will help a number of smaller rural airports, such as some of those in Utah, to bring back TSA staff and security screening equipment if certain conditions are met. Under subtitle F of the bill, we have language taken from Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2, a bill that the Senate passed with unanimous consent last year but was not yet passed in the House. The general aviation community in Utah will benefit tremendously from these provisions, which could potentially help thousands of general aviation pi-lots in Utah, saving them time and money in managing their health and fitness to fly. There are other provi-sions in the bill that will benefit Utah and most States throughout the coun-try. In short, this is a good bill. From the FAA reauthorization provisions to the tax and funding title, it is the right ap-proach to addressing these particular needs, and we need to get it done. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to sup-port Senator T
HUNE ’s managers’ amendment as well as the overall FAA bill. 
ENSURING PATIENT ACCESS AND EFFECTIVE  
DRUG ENFORCEMENT ACT  
Mr. President, I would like to talk for a few minutes on S. 483, the Ensur-ing Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act. The Senate unani-mously passed this crucial legislation last month, and just yesterday the House passed the bill as well. The bill now goes to President Obama for signa-ture. I would like to begin by thanking Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his important work on this legislation. He and his staff have been crucial partners in helping to move it forward. I am also grateful for the support of our other cosponsors—Senators R
UBIO, V ITTER , and C
ASSIDY . S. 483 is not a long bill, but it is an important one. It clarifies several key provisions of the Controlled Substances Act in ways that will strengthen ef-forts to fight prescription drug abuse while ensuring patients retain access to needed medications. As we all know, prescription drugs play a crucial role in treating and cur-ing illness, alleviating pain and im-proving quality of life for millions of Americans. Unfortunately, these drugs can also be abused. A balance is nec-essary to ensure that individuals who need prescription drugs for treatment receive them but that such drugs are not diverted for improper purposes. To this end, S. 483 makes three important changes to the Controlled Substances Act. First, it clarifies the factors that the Attorney General is required to con-sider when deciding whether to register an applicant to manufacture or dis-tribute controlled substances. The cur-rent text of the Controlled Substances Act instructs the Attorney General to consider factors that ‘‘may be relevant to and consistent with the public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.033 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2007 April 13, 2016 
health and safety,’’ but it does not pro-vide any guidance as to what those fac-tors might be. This vague language cre-ates uncertainty among advocates re-garding the standards they must meet to obtain a registration. S. 483 reduces this uncertainty by tying those standards to Congress’s findings in section 101 of the Controlled Substances Act regarding the benefits, harms, and commercial impact of con-trolled substances. This change will bring clarity to the registration proc-ess and provide better guidance to reg-ulators as they consider applications to manufacture or distribute controlled substances. The second change S. 483 makes is to delineate the standards under which the Attorney General may suspend a Controlled Substances Act registration without a court proceeding. Under the terms of the Controlled Substances Act, the Attorney General may sus-pend a registration to manufacture or distribute controlled substances with-out court process if she determines there is an imminent danger to the public health and safety. But the Act does not define what constitutes an im-minent danger, leaving the Attorney General’s authority under this provi-sion essentially open-ended. This in turn leads companies to operate in the shadow of uncertainty regarding when and whether a registration might be summarily suspended. S. 483 clarifies the Attorney Gen-eral’s authority to immediately sus-pend a registration by specifying that such a suspension may be appropriate where there is a ‘‘substantial likeli-hood of an immediate threat that death, serious bodily harm, or abuse of a controlled substance will occur in the absence of an immediate suspension of the registration.’’ This will permit the Attorney General to issue immediate suspension orders when necessary to protect against an imminent threat of harm, while at the same time ensuring that this power does not become a sword constantly hanging over the head of law-abiding companies. In addition to these important clari-fications, S. 483 will also facilitate greater collaboration between distribu-tors, manufacturers, and relevant Fed-eral actors in combatting prescription drug abuse. In particular, the bill pro-vides a mechanism for companies that violate the Controlled Substances Act to correct their practices before the Attorney General suspends or revokes their registration. Even inadvertent violations may lead to suspension or revocation, disrupting the supply chain for the company’s prescription drugs. This in turn can cause hardship for pa-tients who rely on the company’s drugs for treatment and cure. S. 483 alleviates this problem by al-lowing companies to submit a collec-tive action plan to remediate the viola-tion before suspension or revocation, thus ensuring that supply chains re-main intact. This provision will also encourage greater self-reporting of vio-lations and promote joint efforts be-tween government and private actors to stem the tide of prescription drug abuse. S. 483 takes a balanced approach to the problem of prescription drugs. It clarifies and further defines the Attor-ney General’s enforcement powers while seeking to avoid situations that may lead to an interruption in the sup-ply of medicine to suffering patients. It reflects a measured, carefully nego-tiated compromise between stake-holders and law enforcement that will enable both to work together more ef-fectively. Most importantly, it will make a meaningful difference in our homes and communities. I want to thank my colleagues for their support of this legislation, and I urge the President to sign it into law. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
REMEMBERING RAY THORNTON  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, Arkan-sas lost a political legend today when former Congressman Ray Thornton passed away at the age of 87. Ray Thornton grew up in Sheridan, the child of two teachers. Ray’s intel-lect and quick wit was evident from an early age. He graduated from high school at just 16 years old. He then headed off to the University of Arkan-sas, eventually winning the Navy Holloway Program scholarship to at-tend Yale University. After college, Ray heeded what would be the first of several calls to serve his country and joined the U.S. Navy, where he served 3 years with the Pacific Fleet during the Korean war. After leaving the Navy, Ray returned home to Arkansas, earned a law degree from the University of Arkansas, and married Betty Jo, with whom he raised three daughters. Ray began a successful legal career before being elected attorney general in 1970. After one term, Ray was elect-ed to the House of Representatives from Arkansas’s Fourth District. Ray served with distinction, including on the Judiciary Committee, where he helped draft the articles of impeach-ment against President Nixon. In 1978, he narrowly lost an epic Sen-ate primary fight, featuring him, fel-low Congressman and later Governor Jim Guy Tucker, and Governor, later Senator, David Pryor. He then re-turned to the family business of edu-cation, becoming the only man to serve as president of both Arkansas State University and the University of Ar-kansas. Ray returned to politics in 1990, win-ning election to the House of Rep-resentatives again, this time from Ar-kansas’s Second District, serving an-other three terms. Representing the Little Rock area, Ray was President Clinton’s Congressman, yet he voted against the President’s signature budg-et in 1993. Also, around this time, Ar-kansans passed an amendment to our State’s Constitution limiting the terms of Federal officeholders. In the ensuing landmark case, U.S. Term Limits, Inc. v. Thornton, the Su-preme Court held that States cannot add additional qualifications to Fed-eral offices, including a limitation on terms. Ray was the named defendant and believed in this constitutional principle. But shortly after the deci-sion, he announced his retirement from Congress, proving that the case was never really about him but rather his devotion to the Constitution. On a personal note, I got to know Ray as he prepared to retire from Con-gress. Thanks to the recommendation of a family friend who worked for Ray, I interned at Ray’s Little Rock office for a few weeks in the summer of 1996. Rather than the usual intern routine of ‘‘clips’’—for you pages down front, that is when interns literally clip stories out of the newspaper—I spent days and days at a storage unit in southwest Pu-laski County, sorting through more than a quarter century of Ray’s public papers and preparing them for the ar-chives under the supervision of his longtime, matchless advisor, Julie Baldridge. It was a fascinating history lesson in Arkansas politics, and it highlighted a common theme of Ray’s career: his commitment to do the right thing, as he saw the right, even when it was the tough thing. Whether it was impeach-ment, that 1993 budget vote, or the term limit case, Ray stood his ground. But Ray did not leave public life after Congress, for he answered another call to service, this time on the Arkansas Supreme Court, where he served until 2005. Now Ray has gone home to his Maker. While we join his family and friends in mourning the loss, we also celebrate his long, well-lived life in service to our country and Arkansas. Rest in peace, Ray Thornton. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from South Dakota. (The remarks of Mr. R
OUNDS per-taining to the introduction of S. 2796 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, as we are trying to determine whether we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.035 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2008 April 13, 2016 
have a path forward for an energy bill we have been working on for months, as well as the FAA reauthorization, I thought I would take the time to come to the floor to speak about the impor-tance of this much needed Federal Aviation Administration reauthoriza-tion, recognizing the importance of what the FAA does. It is just a re-minder to us that when we delay need-ed reforms and those initiatives that provide some certainty of funding for airport improvements, it doesn’t help us out here, and that making sure we are attending to these matters in a timely manner is important. I think it is fair to say that all of us in this body travel a fair bit. Most ev-eryone, seemingly, will fly home to their respective States, visit with their constituents, and be with their families on weekends. Some of us who are from farther away make efforts to be back home as often as we can, but the dis-tances might complicate it a little bit more. But I think it is fair to say that we see firsthand the inside of many of our Nation’s airports and see firsthand those areas where improvements can certainly be made. In my State of Alaska, for some of us the airport is almost as common and matter-of-fact as going to the grocery store. It seems as though we are in and out of our small airports so much be-cause it is how we get around. In a State where 80 percent of our commu-nities are not connected by a road, how do you get around? How do you get to Dillingham? How do you get to Fort Yukon? Well, you can take a boat. You could take a snow machine in the win-ter. But the fact is, we fly. We are a flying State. And it is not a matter of flying because it is a vacation or a business trip. It is to go see the doctor. It is to go to high school. It is to go to the grocery store—literally to the gro-cery store. So many of the people in the outlying rural parts of the State will fly to Anchorage so they can shop at Costco, and instead of taking lug-gage back home with them, they take toilet paper, diapers, canned goods, and their grocery items. In one community, we have kids who literally instead of a schoolbus to get to school, they take a small plane to fly across the river that separates their community from the school. We are working to get them a bridge. Some might suggest these are bridges to nowhere. We think this is about con-necting people. Right now it is pretty limited in our ability to move in and out. When we talk about flying, for us in Alaska, it is a very matter-of-fact way to travel. It is no frills. You come from a cold State, Mr. President. You know that if you and your family are going on a long trip out on the road and you are going to be in the high mountains and the roads might be treacherous and it is cold, you will be smart and you will pack some snow gear in the trunk. You might have some emergency supplies there. We do that when we are flying on the airplanes too. Make sure you have snow pants and boots on because sometimes these airplanes are cold, and unfortunately sometimes things happen. This is a fact of life, and I think the Alaska delegation probably logs as many miles as any Members out there—perhaps our friends from Hawaii just a little bit more. It is a part of who we are. We have come to rely on that access with a pragmatism that perhaps some others don’t necessarily appreciate. I can be at Reagan National, and if a plane is canceled or there is a mechan-ical problem, the tension is almost so thick you can cut it with a knife. Peo-ple are so frustrated. If your flight gets grounded in Alaska, it is like, well, the weather has set in. My sister lived on the Aleutian Islands for many years in a community called Unalaska. When she needed to take her family into An-chorage some 800 miles or so away for medical care or any other issues that presented themselves that she would have to go to town, she basically planned for 3 days on either end of her trip because weather shuts you in. I was in Fairbanks, AK, on a field hearing for the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee 2 weeks ago, and it was a quick day trip up and back, but there was no plane that came my way. In fact, all the planes were grounded in Fairbanks because a volcano blew about 800 miles to the south and the winds were strong. It picked up the vol-canic ash and deposited it all the way from Pavlof Volcano, down in the Aleu-tians, up to Barrow and down into the interior of Fairbanks. So what do we do? We don’t panic. I was able to spend the night with my sister, catch up on family stuff, rent a car, and drove the 7 hours to Anchorage the next day. It messed up my schedule, but it is a mat-ter-of-fact part of flying in Alaska. At the end of that week, I took a quick supposedly day trip to Kodiak to at-tend our commercial fishing sympo-sium. Halfway through the day, weath-er kicked up again. It wasn’t a volcano, but it was pretty tough winds, rain, and fog. While the airport wasn’t shut down, the airplanes weren’t flying. You find a friend’s house to go camp out for the evening, and you hope the skies are favorable the next day. You don’t want to press the weather because when you are in the air and you are flying, you want to be safe. I don’t tell you these stories to be dramatic about what happens with vol-canos and weather in Alaska but to speak to how integral air transpor-tation is to people in my State. A good airport, a reliable flight schedule, this is the equivalent of having a good road and a good car on the road. I look very critically and very care-fully at things such as the FAA Reau-thorization Act because some of what we deal with in this measure is effec-tively a matter of life safety for many of my constituents. Some of those for whom flight is the only option in my State live in the small community of Little Diomede. Little Diomede is about 16 miles off the coast of Alaska. It is in the middle of the Bering Strait. You may have heard of Little Diomede because it is 2
1⁄2miles from Big Diomede. Little Diomede is owned by the United States. Big Diomede is owned by Russia. So when you hear that statement about you can see Rus-sia from Alaska, when you are on Big Diomede, that is a true statement. When you are sitting in this small is-land community of some 110 people, your hub community for food, for health care, for pretty much anything is Nome, AK. That is where you go. During the summertime, during the time when the ice is not frozen over in the Bering Strait, literally the only way to get in and out is by helicopter because the island is so small and it is such a peaked island—basically a big rock coming out of the water—there is no flat space for a runway. So you have a helicopter that provides for medical in and out and travel in and out. In the winter, the residents will actually carve a runway into the ice so planes can land on the ice to deliver essential products, whether it is food or medi-cine or the such. Sometimes you can’t put the runway on the ice because the ice has been so compressed and jumbled and you have ice ridges that don’t allow for a place to land. Again, you are back to helicopter. The good news for the residents of Little Diomede—and this is thanks to the good work of my colleague Senator S
ULLIVAN —Little Diomede will be join-ing the other 43 communities in the State that are part of the Essential Air Service, and this will help provide funding to keep the airport open so people can continue to live in a place they have lived for generations. Nowhere in this country is Essential Air Service so vital. The reason they call it Essential Air Service is because it is essential. In a place like Little Diomede, it is essential. Forty-three communities in the State of Alaska, compared to 113 across the rest of the country, are in Alaska. Many of these locations are only accessible by air. As with Little Diomede, you don’t have a road in, you don’t have a road out. It truly does make the phrase ‘‘Essential Air Service’’ have meaning. Another community you have heard me speak about at great length—and in fact we are going be having a hearing focused on King Cove, AK. King Cove is a community that is at the beginning of the Aleutian chain. This is a com-munity that has no road access in or out. It is accessible only by plane. It is an area that suffers from some very difficult weather conditions because of where it sits on the peninsula—the mountains, the ocean. The dynamics are such that it doesn’t allow their small airport to be open for about one- third of the year. Think about that— getting goods in and out, getting peo-ple in and out, getting to safety if there is a medical emergency. There is a small airstrip there in King Cove. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.041 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2009 April 13, 2016 
is about 3,500 feet long. It is made of gravel. We have been working to try to get access for the people of King Cove for about 25 years, access to the State’s second longest runway, which is in Cold Bay. We have an opportunity tomorrow morning in the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources to shine a spot-light on this issue, to remind people that since 1980 we have had 19 people die due to plane crashes or injured resi-dents who have waited for a safe way out. I have brought up this issue with Secretary Jewell so many times I can’t count it, but she continues to be a blockade and refuses to allow a road to be built so these people can gain safe passage. Since 2013, there have been 42 medevacs out of King Cove; 16 of them carried out by the Coast Guard. This is one of those examples where if you have people who live in a place where the elements and their geography dic-tate a level of concern for safety, where we can provide for safe transportation systems, where we can provide them the access to the best air transpor-tation possible, which is over in Cold Bay, then we should be trying to do that. The last issue I want to raise with the FAA bill that is very important is all that is going on with unmanned aerial systems. Alaska is home to one of the six official FAA sites for un-manned aerial systems. It is managed by the University of Alaska Fairbanks. The Pan-Pacific UAS Test Range Com-plex is huge. It covers an area from the Arctic all the way down to the tropics. In Alaska, we have six test ranges. I think it is fair to say that provides some pretty unique range for an oppor-tunity to conduct experiments. In addition to incredible range, the Arctic itself offers a unique oppor-tunity for testing our UAS. It is vast. It is remote. You are away from the congestion of the lower 48. You are in different climate conditions. So this is something where Alaska truly has been leading and pioneering, and we are very proud of that. I am encouraged that this bill re-quires the Department of Transpor-tation to develop a plan allowing UAS to operate in designated areas of the Arctic 24 hours a day and beyond line of sight. I think this is important not only from the research perspective but hopefully for the commercial purposes as well. I think it is fair to say there is good work, strong work that has gone into this FAA reauthorization. I commend the chairman of the Commerce Com-mittee, Senator T
HUNE , for his leader-ship, and I look forward to its passage in the very short term. I will certainly stand in support of that measure. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. MS. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the Federal Aviation Administration Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016. I wish to thank Sen-ators THUNE and N ELSON for their work on this bipartisan bill. The Presiding Officer also serves on the Commerce Committee. Thank you. I also thank Senator M
URKOWSKI be-cause in 2013 we worked together to pass the Small Airplane Revitalization Act, and the law requires the FAA to move forward with modernizing the Part 23 safety certification process for small airplanes. Updating the Part 23 process—why we brought the bill to-gether and passed it—will improve safety, decrease costs, and encourage innovation for American small air-plane manufacturers. The bill before us actually builds on those efforts by requiring the FAA to finish the Part 23 rulemaking by the end of the year and make further re-forms to the certification process. It will also help to ensure greater coordi-nation with FAA regional officers when they interpret and implement FAA rules and regulations so that the avia-tion industry has certainty. There are also are provisions to help the FAA and industry maintain global leadership on safety at a time when the aviation market is becoming increasingly com-petitive and global. Senator M
URKOWSKI and I have simi-lar but different interests here. In Alaska, of course, people fly on a lot of small planes to get places, and in Min-nesota we do the same thing, but we also make planes. We have one of the biggest domestic manufacturers, Cir-rus, in Duluth, MN, and so we share an interest in the safety of small planes and also in expediting these safety reg-ulations and getting them approved. It has been taking the FAA a while to do that, so we are really glad this bill be-fore us, the FAA reauthorization, actu-ally includes a deadline so that this can get done. Last week I spoke about the security elements of this bill. I am a cosponsor of the amendments that we passed to strengthen airport security, improving security in nonsecure areas of the air-port, such as the check-in and baggage claim, and also tightening airline em-ployees’ access to secure areas of our airport. Those are important security advancements and show how we can make bipartisan progress on an impor-tant issue. My airport has been experiencing sig-nificant delays in processing pas-sengers. There has been a bit of an im-provement since the Homeland Secu-rity TSA Administrator actually came out and saw for himself what was going on, and as a result, they gave us addi-tional dog teams—similar to what we are talking about in this bill—to help us with security. In this case they also walk the longer lines of passengers. Once they are able to use the dogs, which are highly efficient and good, it will help to expedite the lines because the passengers become the equivalent of a precheck passenger, and they can move them along faster. When I first heard we were getting a few dog teams, I wasn’t sure if that would actually solve our problem when the average line was up to 45 minutes, and as a result many people would miss their planes. We have seen some im-provement, including adjusting to the reconfiguration at our airport. Another issue the bill addresses that I think is really important is human trafficking. During the Commerce Committee markup, we adopted my Stop Trafficking on Planes Act as an amendment. This bill, which Senator WARNER and I introduced, will require training for flight attendants so they can recognize and report suspected human trafficking. Flight attendants are on the frontlines in the battle against trafficking, and this amend-ment will ensure they have the train-ing they need to help prevent the hor-ror and violence women and children suffer as victims of human trafficking. Obviously, Senator C
ORNYN and I led a significant bill last year on this issue to give our law enforcement some bet-ter tools to be able to go after these perpetrators, and this is really a con-tinuation of that work. There is another important safety priority which I am concerned this bill does not address. I filed an amendment with Senators M
ORAN and I NHOFE to clarify that the Oklahoma City aircraft registry office provides essential serv-ices and should remain open during a government shutdown. One might won-der why the Senator from Minnesota is concerned about the Oklahoma City aircraft registry office. The reason for the concern is that every aircraft sold domestically, exported, or imported to the United States must be registered and obtain FAA approval. These reg-istrations are vital to the safety of our national airspace system, and they are all processed by the Oklahoma City aircraft registry office. In addition to the safety risk from closing the registry office—and that is what occurred during the shutdown— we saw that it had a devastating eco-nomic impact. The company I am talk-ing about, Cirrus, which makes these jets, had jets lined up in a warehouse for weeks and weeks and weeks—multi-million dollar products that were sup-posed to be sold around the world. They were unable to ship them out be-cause this particular office in Okla-homa had been shut down. The General Aviation Manufacturers Association estimates that $1.9 billion worth of air-craft deliveries were delayed during the last shutdown, putting a severe strain on many general aviation manu-facturers and their employees. The Oklahoma City aircraft registry office is vital to the safety of our na-tional airspace system and the eco-nomic well-being of our aviation sec-tor. An entire sector was shut down be-cause they couldn’t get approval to keep selling their planes for a number of weeks. I urge my colleagues to sup-port my amendment to ensure that this important office remains open in case we have another shutdown, which we all hope does not occur. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.043 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2010 April 13, 2016 
The last issue I came to the floor to speak about in terms of a grouping of provisions in this bill is the Safe Skies amendment. I am on this amendment with Senator B
OXER . She is leading this amendment, which is based on her bill, the Safe Skies Act. This bill will close the so-called cargo carve-out. There is absolutely no reason to ex-empt cargo pilots from the stronger pilot fatigue rules that we all passed and Congress mandated after the tragic 2009 crash of Colgan Flight 3407 outside of Buffalo. I met those family members, I have seen the tragedy, and I have talked to others who have been in other crashes that were the results of pilot fatigue. We had our own tragic air crash in Minnesota when Senator Paul Wellstone and his wife Sheila died in a small airplane, not a commercial air-plane, due to pilot error. That pilot supposedly had not slept for a long time, and so we have seen this in my own State. Cargo airline operations share the same airspace as passenger airplanes, the same runways, and the same air-ports as the rest of the airline industry and the flying public. A tired pilot is a danger not only to himself or herself but to others in the air and to those on the ground. This issue is a top priority at NTSB. They want to have this loophole closed, and I don’t know how it could be more telling than this dialogue. This hap-pened in 2013 when two cargo airline pi-lots were tragically killed in a crash near the airport in Birmingham, AL. I will read an excerpt, which is right here on the chart, from the cockpit voice recorder on that flight. These were the two pilots speaking to each other just 20 minutes before this flight went down. 
Pilot 1: I mean, I don’t get that. You know, it should be one level of safety for every-body. 
They are actually discussing the fact that these rules don’t apply to them. They are not protected. They don’t have the 8-hour flying rule, and then they can rest. 
Pilot 2: It makes no sense at all. Pilot 1: No it doesn’t at all. Pilot 2: And to be honest, it should be across the board. To be honest in my opinion whether you are flying passengers or cargo . . . if you’re flying this time of day— 
They often fly in the evenings— 
you know fatigue is definitely . . . Pilot 1: Yeah . . . yeah . . . yeah . . . Pilot 2: When my alarm went off I mean I’m thinkin’ I’m so tired. Pilot 1: I know. 
Twenty minutes later, this plane crashed, and both of the pilots were killed. We shouldn’t have to wait for more tragedies before we close this gap in aviation safety. I urge all my colleagues to support Senator B
OXER ’s amendment and cre-ate a uniform rest standard for all pi-lots. I don’t know how much clearer it can be when the actual pilots who crashed were discussing the fact that they were too tired because of the way the cargo rules work. This bill—the general bill that is be-fore us—makes great strides in avia-tion security and safety. I think there are some things we can add to this bill. By the way, Captain Sully Sullenberger did an event yesterday with Senator BOXER and me. He feels strongly about this issue. He was the one who made that miraculous landing in New York. He stood with us and a bunch of pilots and said there is abso-lutely no difference between flying cargo and flying people; it is just a dif-ferent kind of cargo. I look forward to continuing to work on these amendments, and I urge my colleagues to support this long-term FAA reauthorization and avoid the un-certainty of further short-term exten-sions. I hope we will be able to have a vote on this very important safety amendment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise once again to talk about the urgency of our passing the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act in the House of Representatives. This is legislation that passed the Senate with a 94-to-1 vote about a month ago. In fact, the Senator from Minnesota, who just spoke, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , is one of the four original cosponsors of this legisla-tion. She is one of those who feels so passionately about it, along with Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE and Senator A YOTTE . When this came bill came up for a vote, all but one Senator said that this is important, it is urgent, and we need to address it. Passing it in the Senate with that kind of a vote meant that the House of Representatives would likely take it up quickly, partly be-cause over the last 3 years we worked with the House. We didn’t just make this bipartisan, we made it non-partisan. We didn’t just make it a Sen-ate project, we made it a House-Senate project. It was bicameral. We intro-duced the same legislation in the Sen-ate that they introduced in the House. I believe there are 119 cosponsors of that bill in the House. It has been subject to a lot of hear-ings over here. It has been subject to five different summits here in Wash-ington, DC. We brought experts from all over the country to tell us what to do. We don’t have all the best ideas here in Washington, so we got the ideas from around the country. One reason the legislation got this strong vote of 94 to 1 in the Senate is that it does ad-dress the problems people see in their communities. I want the House to act on this be-cause it is so urgent. This legislation will help right away in terms of help-ing to prevent drug abuse, helping young people to make the right deci-sions, and helping people get into treatment and recovery which is evi-dence-based and works, rather than people overdosing and dying from this heroin and prescription drug epidemic. It has been more than a month since we voted on this bill in the Senate. Every day it is estimated that 120 Americans die from drug overdoses. That means we have lost more than 3,800 Americans to drug overdoses since the legislation passed the Senate. We can’t wait. We have to move, and we have to move quickly on this because it is an epidemic. The experts say that from 2000 to 2014, the rate of overdose deaths dou-bled, leaving nearly half a million Americans dead from drug overdoses. That is why we call it an epidemic. In Ohio alone, we have lost 160 Ohio-ans since the Senate passed CARA. Since 2007, drug overdoses have killed more Ohioans than car accidents. Car accidents used to be the No. 1 cause of accidental deaths in Ohio, and now it is drug overdoses. It is probably true in your State too. According to the Centers for Disease Control, CDC, Ohio now has the fifth highest overdose death rate in the country—top five, not something to be proud of. Statewide, overdose deaths more than tripled from 1999 to 2010. We have been told that over 200,000 Ohio-ans are addicted to opioids right now. It is not slowing down. Unfortunately, this crisis continues, and therefore our response cannot slow down. In fact, it needs to speed up. Washington is not going to solve this problem. It will be solved in our com-munities back home, but we can help. We can be better partners, and that is what the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, CARA, does. It makes Washington a better partner to be able to save lives. Last week I talked about how it is af-fecting one of our cities in Ohio— Cleveland, OH. I would like to update everybody here and my colleagues in the House about what is happening in Cleveland, OH. From March 10, which was the day we passed CARA, to March 27, the latest date for which we have statistics, 29 people died from overdoses, and that is in one 17-day pe-riod in one city. Over the course of one long weekend during that period, eight men and four women died of overdoses. During one long weekend in one city, 12 Ohioans overdosed, which included a 21-year-old and a 64-year-old. Some of the victims were White, some of the victims were African American, some of the victims were from the suburbs, and some of the victims from were from the inner city. This is affecting all ages, all races, all backgrounds, and all ZIP Codes. Some of you may have heard the story of Jeremy Wilder. He is from Portsmouth, OH, one of the areas that is hardest hit in Ohio. In Portsmouth, OH, we had a town-hall meeting 6 years ago. I brought in the drug czar and law enforcement offi-cials to deal with the prescription drug epidemic that was exploding at that point. As we made more progress on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.045 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2011 April 13, 2016 
prescription drugs, heroin started to come in, which is a cheaper alter-native, and unfortunately more and more people got into the grip of that heroin addiction. Jeremy Wilder of Portsmouth, OH, said he became addicted to heroin and sold drugs to pay for his own use. He told National Public Radio this: 
I sold dope to cops, I sold dope to lawyers, I sold dope to doctors. I had a cop that used to drive me to my drug connection—rich kids. I had two good friends that were very wealthy, and because of their addiction, their parents have nothing today because their children just drained them. 
That was on National Public Radio. There is no demographic, no State, no city, no county that is safe from this epidemic. One of the big issues we have now in Ohio is heroin laced with what is called fentanyl, which is an even more power-ful drug. In 2013, five people in Cleve-land died of overdoses of fentanyl, which we are told is up to 100 times more potent than heroin, depending on the fentanyl. In 2014, that number in-creased by more than 700 percent. So from 2013 to 2014, a 700-percent increase to 37 people dying. Last year, by the way, that number more than doubled to 89 people dying of fentanyl overdoses. Over the weekend—4 weeks after the Senate passed CARA—in the middle of the day, a man overdosed and died at a McDonald’s in a suburban community outside of Cleveland in front of a lot of people, and there was a lot of media coverage as a result. In Franklin County, annual overdose deaths have nearly quadrupled in the last decade. In Toledo, we lost 214 people to overdoses last year—a 50-percent in-crease in just 1 year. We think now that some 10,000 people in the area are addicted to heroin or opioids. People in Akron have been heart-broken over the story of Andrew Frye. Andrew’s mom was a heroin addict. An-drew, his mom, and his grandmother all did heroin. Last week, Andrew’s mom found him dead at the age of 16 in a Summit County hotel room. That was his last week, 16 years old. Summit County, by the way, where Akron is located, has seen its overdose death rate double in just 5 years. I think we get the picture. This is clearly a growing epidemic. It is a problem that must be addressed. As I have said, no ZIP Code, no congres-sional district is safe from this threat. In Ohio, we understand that. Just in the last few weeks, there have been summits on this issue in Cincinnati, in Middletown, in Cedarville, OH. Again, suburban, rural, and inner city commu-nities are all affected. On March 23, nearly 2 weeks after CARA passed, the Franklin County coroner, Dr. Anahi Ortiz, convened the Franklin County Opiate Crisis Sum-mit. She says she has seen children as young as 14 die of drug overdoses. She has seen toddlers and seniors alike die of overdoses as the coroner in that community. There is a sense of urgency across Ohio about this, a sense that it has got-ten out of control. It is in the head-lines. People understand it. Wash-ington could use that sense of urgency too. Communities are taking action. Ohio is taking action. Other States are taking action. The Senate has taken action by a 94-to-1 vote. That means it is now time for the House of Represent-atives to take action. Right now, the House version of CARA has 113 cospon-sors. This bill was written together with us, on a bipartisan, bicameral basis, to ensure that we could get this legisla-tion through to the President for sig-nature and get it out to our commu-nities to begin helping to avoid not just these overdose deaths but all the dislocations occurring because of this epidemic, all the families and all the communities that are being torn apart and devastated. Prosecutors in Ohio told me 80 percent of crime is related to this opiate addiction issue. I know the House majority leader has said he wants the House to take on this drug epidemic and pass legislation sometime this month. I appreciate that, and I know he is sincere. I watched the Republican weekly address by Congressman B
OBDOLDof Illinois. He did a very good job. It is clear to me that he is passionate about this issue, and I appreciate his advocacy on behalf of those who need our help. But I would say that I didn’t notice any hearings or markups this week. We passed this legislation in the Sen-ate. It has been subject to all kinds of scrutiny and hearings, and it passed with a 94-to-1 vote. Are there other ideas? Of course there are, and that is fine. But we know these ideas work: better prevention; better education; more people in treatment and in recov-ery that is actually evidenced-based, and it works; helping police officers to have the Narcan they need to save lives—this miracle drug that can stop an overdose from turning into a death; helping to ensure that prescription drugs are taken off the bathroom shelves; stopping this overprescribing by having a drug-monitoring program because most people who are hooked on heroin started with prescription drugs. We know these things. This legislation does this. It provides around $80 million in ad-ditional funding going forward. That funding is needed, again, to be a part-ner with State and local governments and nonprofits, not to take their place. We know this. Let’s get this legislation passed. Let’s move this legislation separately. It can be sent to the President’s desk next week. We can begin to make progress now. If there are other ideas, that is great; send them over here and we will work on them. We will work on our own ideas. There is always more to do on this issue. Unfortunately, there is always more to do. We know the bill we passed here works. We know it is bicameral, and we know it has cosponsorship in the House to be able to get it done. We hope the House will simply put CARA on the floor, pass it by a large bipartisan mar-gin, just as the Senate did, and get it to the President’s desk for his signa-ture. This is close to being a historic achievement for this Congress and, much more importantly, for the Amer-ican people. It is really one vote away—one vote away—on the floor of the House of Representatives. I will tell my colleagues why it is going to pass. It is going to pass be-cause Senators from every State in the Union representing every single con-gressional district supported this bill. It has the support, more importantly, from groups all over the country, in-cluding 130 different organizations, stakeholders, the people who represent those who are in the trenches dealing with treatment, in the trenches dealing with prevention. Our law enforcement community—the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Sheriffs’ Associa-tion—they all endorse this legislation. These groups understand what is need-ed, and they want this help now. This is a unique opportunity for us to move forward. In this political year, in this partisan atmosphere, this is one issue that should not have any par-tisanship to it at all. It should just get done. Senator W
HITEHOUSE and I crafted this legislation together, again work-ing with others in the Chamber, as we talked about earlier. We drafted it with a lot of different stakeholders from around the country, holding five fo-rums on various aspects of this debate. These forums were here in Washington, but we brought in experts from all over the country, knowing that is where the best ideas are going to be. The best practices around the coun-try are represented in the legislation. We have done this. We have done the factfinding. We have consulted with the experts—with the doctors, law en-forcement, the patients in recovery, with the drug experts in the Obama ad-ministration, including the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, including the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Justice. We brought in people from all over, and they agree that this is where we can make progress and make progress now. That work is important. It should not be ignored. But much more impor-tant is the fact that people out there are waiting for us. They are waiting for us to act. Thousands of veterans, preg-nant women, and first responders are waiting because this legislation affects all of them. Every single one of these groups would benefit from CARA, and they want it now. Think about the peace of mind we could give parents by expanding pre-vention and educational efforts to pre-vent prescription and opioid abuse and the use of heroin so that their kids 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.046 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2012 April 13, 2016 
don’t make that tragic mistake of ex-perimenting one time—one time— which is sometimes all it takes. CARA could give them some peace of mind. CARA would increase drug disposal sites to keep these medications—these prescription drugs and pain killers— from getting into the wrong hands. We are already told by the Centers for Dis-ease Control that the amount of pre-scription opioids sold in the United States nearly quadrupled since 1999; yet there has not been an overall change in the amount of pain Ameri-cans report. So how do we explain this dramatic increase in prescriptions? Some of these drugs are being abused, or sold on the street to addicts. A sur-vey in 2013 found that 4.5 million Amer-icans use opioids for nonmedical pur-poses. CARA would help make sure that prescription drugs don’t get into the wrong hands. And set up the drug- monitoring program to better know who is getting these drugs and why and be able to stop the inappropriate use. CARA would create law enforcement task forces to combat heroin and meth-amphetamine and expand the avail-ability of naloxone and Narcan to our law enforcement and first responders. They know how important that is. They know that if they had more train-ing and more availability, they could save more lives. Again, that is why law enforcement, including the Fraternal Order of Police, supports this legisla-tion. Thank God we have them out there. If you talk to your police offi-cers and firefighters, you will find that they are doing this work every single day. They are intervening and saving lives every single day in your commu-nity. They know that this addiction epi-demic is driving lots of other crime too. It causes thefts, violence, and human trafficking. Last month in Co-lumbus, I met with a group of traf-ficking victims. These were women. They all told me the same thing, which is that their pimps, their traffickers, got them hooked on heroin and then trafficked them, and in each case they were trafficked on this Web site: backpage.com. This drug issue and human trafficking are definitely re-lated. We are told by law enforcement that so much of the crime—the majority of the crime in our State has been driven by this drug addiction. There are so many heartbreaking stories, but there are also stories of hope. I have heard them firsthand. I have met people who have been in re-covery, who have made it through to the other side. So part of what this leg-islation is saying is that this addiction issue is an illness. Addiction is an ill-ness and, like other illnesses, needs to be treated that way. It is a disease. But also, part of our legislation is saying that there is hope. We have seen where treatment and recovery that is evi-denced-based can work to get people’s lives back on track, to bring families back together. I have heard so many stories. I was in a treatment center in Athens, OH, a couple of weeks ago meeting with women who are now reunited with their children for the first time in years because they have taken the brave and courageous step to get into treatment. This grip of addiction is very difficult. It is very difficult to es-cape from, but they have done it. They are now in long-term recovery. They are back at work. They have the dig-nity and self-respect that come with taking care of their family and being at work. On March 29, 19 days after we passed CARA, the President spoke at the Na-tional Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit in Atlanta, GA. At that summit we heard from Crystal Oertle of Shelby, OH. She told her story of trying Vicodin because someone of-fered it to her. She became addicted be-cause she tried it once. Eventually she needed something stronger and strong-er, and pills weren’t always available and they were more expensive. Heroin was more readily available and cheap-er, so she started using heroin. She would drive an hour to Columbus, OH, with her 2-year-old daughter every day to get her heroin. Her addiction drove her to theft. Her family supported her and begged her to get help. She is now being treated. She is more than 1 year sober. She is part of an outreach pro-gram, the Urban Minorities Alcohol and Abuse Outreach Program. She is taking opiate blockers, drugs that ac-tually block the effects of opiates. This is exciting new medication. She is get-ting counseling. She is part of a sup-port group with other people in treat-ment. It is working. It is working for her, and it is working for many other Americans. She is dedicating herself to eliminating the stigma around addic-tion to get more people to step forward and to get into treatment because she knows that if you treat addiction like other diseases, it will have an impact on that stigma, more people will come forward, and more people will be able to get their lives back on track. There is hope. Addiction is treatable. We are told that 9 out of 10 people who need treatment aren’t getting it. Again, this is one reason CARA is so important: It will get more people into treatment. As I said before, I take the House leadership at their word when they say they would like to move this legisla-tion and move it through regular order. I understand that, but I will say this: They need to move and they need to move quickly because of the urgency of this issue, because of the fact that in their communities and in the commu-nities represented here on the Senate floor, which is every community in America—every single State here has a U.S. Senator who supports this legisla-tion. People are waiting. They need the help. We can provide the help. We can make the Federal Government a better partner. We can deal with this crisis. I am going to do everything in my power to protect the people of Ohio, even if that means continuing to come out here on the floor every week and continuing to do everything I can, in-cluding making calls, as I did yester-day, over to the House of Representa-tives; including talking to my col-leagues personally; and including tell-ing some of these stories I have told today. People’s lives are at stake. We have to move this legislation. We need to get it to the President’s desk. He will sign it. And it can then begin to make a real difference for the families we represent who are so affected by this epidemic. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2200 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, yes-terday many Members of the Senate came down to the floor to discuss the importance of equal pay for equal work. Republicans remain committed to enforcing our equal pay laws and pre-venting discrimination. We all believe wage transparency is an important tool, and we agree that employees have a right to freely discuss their com-pensation without the fear of retalia-tion. This transparency will allow em-ployers and employees to identify what trends or factors exist and how they are actually contributing to wage dis-parities. No meaningful change to overcoming the opportunity gap can occur without this knowledge. We have bipartisan agreement that preventing retaliation will empower American workers and will enable them to negotiate more ef-fectively for the wages that they have earned. Protecting employees from re-taliation is an issue that all of us, Democrats and Republicans, can agree on. Today we have a unique oppor-tunity to pass a bill that will strength-en our Nation’s equal pay laws for the first time in over 50 years. Today we have a chance to make a difference for American workers. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of Calendar No. 278, S. 2200. I ask consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mrs. MURRAY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Washington. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 862 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, the bill my colleague from Nebraska is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.048 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2013 April 13, 2016 
asking to bring to the floor falls far short of closing the wage gap. I want to speak for a few minutes about why. At the end of my remarks, I have a unani-mous consent request. If we really want to offer working women solutions for wage discrimina-tion, we should instead pass Senator M
IKULSKI ’s Paycheck Fairness Act be-cause today women across the country make just 79 cents for every $1 a man makes. This is an issue that Democrats have been focused on for years. I am glad at least some Republicans finally recognize there is a wage gap problem, and I welcome their support for fixing this systemic problem. Unfortunately, the Republican proposal that is offered today will not provide the solutions working women need. Many companies prohibit workers from discussing their pay. So if a woman talks with her male colleague about their salary and discovers there is a wage gap, her employer could fire her or retaliate in some other way. The Republican bill would make it illegal for an employer to retaliate against workers for discussing salary but only when those conversations are for the express purpose of finding out if the employer is providing equal pay for equal work. Nonretaliation is only one small part of the wage gap problem. It doesn’t provide nearly enough protections to actually make a difference in closing the pay gap. In today’s workplace, many workers find out about pay dis-crimination by accident. Maybe they see a spreadsheet that was left on a copy machine or maybe a male col-league’s salary comes up in casual con-versation, but in these circumstances, any worker who attempts to address the problem would have no protections from retaliation under this bill. The only way to qualify for these limited protections is if a woman uses the magic words that pass a legal test when discussing equal pay with her col-leagues. It is even worse than that. This bill can give workers a false sense of secu-rity that their conversations about equal pay are protected, when instead women can still be reprimanded or, worse, lose their jobs altogether for finding out their male colleagues earn more than them. So this Republican bill wouldn’t even solve the one narrow problem it is trying to address. Thankfully, we do have a bill that would address the wage gap. It is the Paycheck Fairness Act that Senator M
IKULSKI has championed. The Pay-check Fairness Act would make it un-lawful for employers to retaliate against workers for discussing pay, pe-riod. It wouldn’t involve a complicated legal test like the Republican proposal, and the Paycheck Fairness Act would help close the wage gap in so many im-portant ways. If a woman finds out her male col-leagues are paid more for the same work, the Paycheck Fairness Act backs her up. It would empower women to ne-gotiate for equal pay, it would close loopholes in the Equal Pay Act, and it would create strong incentives for em-ployers to provide equal pay. I want to make one thing very clear. The Republican bill being offered today has zero Democratic cosponsors. It is not bipartisan. By contrast, before Re-publicans politicized equal pay for equal work, the Paycheck Fairness Act actually passed the House of Rep-resentatives in both 2008 and 2009 with bipartisan support. Unfortunately, since then, some Republicans have de-cided to make the wage gap about poli-tics and blocked it in the Senate. So today I am glad Republicans do agree with us that this is an urgent problem. We need real solutions to address it. That is why I object to the Fischer bill, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Paycheck Fairness Act that would tackle pay discrimination head- on. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 862, the Paycheck Fairness Act; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the bill be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Wisconsin. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object. I have heard many times from my friends on the other side of the aisle that my proposal doesn’t go far enough. Respectfully, I believe some of the provisions of the Paycheck Fair-ness Act go too far. I take issue with the accusation from those who wrongly assert that my bill will make it harder for women to discuss wage discrimina-tion. I understand that my nonretalia-tion language is different from the Paycheck Fairness Act, but the intent and the effect are the same. My bill will protect women and men from re-taliation when they learn about or seek out information about how their compensation compares with other em-ployees. It is clear there is common ground to make progress on equal pay when it comes to wage transparency. Every Senate Republican is on board with this proposal. It is a needed update to our equal pay laws. In 2014, every Sen-ate Democrat welcomed a more limited but similar Executive order that was issued by President Obama that per-tained only to Federal workers. My Workplace Advancement Act goes further. It protects all Americans. Moreover, it is bipartisan. Five Senate Democrats are already on the record in support of this plan. So why do my friends from the other side of the aisle not now support my bill? Colleagues, this is an issue we can agree on. It is clear my legislation en-joys bipartisan support, and it can make meaningful progress for Amer-ican women. While I am disappointed in today’s objection to my bill, I hope we can move beyond sound bites be-cause this issue is too important to po-liticize year after year. The Paycheck Fairness Act that my colleague speaks of will inhibit em-ployers’ ability to establish merit- based pay systems, and it will inhibit employees’ ability to negotiate flexible work arrangements. The Independent Women’s Forum re-cently conducted a study on what mat-ters to women when they choose a job. They found that flexibility was a com-mon theme. Whether providing flexible scheduling or offering alternatives like telecommuting, women value flexi-bility, and they value it at about the same level as receiving 10 paid vaca-tion and sick days or receiving $5,000 to $10,000 in extra income. This is impor-tant to women. We should be doing it. The survey showed what many of us already know. Every situation is dif-ferent, and by providing more options, workers can negotiate work arrange-ments that can suit their own par-ticular needs. With these concerns in mind, I ob-ject. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mrs. FISCHER. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with the Senators from Min-nesota and Connecticut. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. IRAN 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, in the months since world powers reached an agreement to block Iran’s pathway to building a nuclear weapon, Iran’s be-havior has given the international community reasons for both some opti-mism and continuing, serious concern. The positive news has been that Iran has taken some real steps to restrain its nuclear programs. It has disabled two of its short-term pathways to pro-ducing weapons-grade material by ship-ping nearly its entire stockpile of en-riched uranium out of the country and by filling its plutonium reactor with concrete. Iran has reduced its number of func-tioning uranium-enrichment cen-trifuges by two-thirds, and the country has provided international inspectors 24/7 access to continuously monitor all of Iran’s declared facilities. These are positive developments. Yet, at the same time, Iran continues to engage in deeply concerning activities, such as support for terrorism and efforts to fo-ment instability in the Middle East, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.050 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2014 April 13, 2016 
conduct illegal ballistic missile tests, and to continue to violate its citizens’ most basic human rights. Today, my colleagues and I come to the floor to draw attention to some of the more grave, more concerning devel-opments of recent weeks. I am honored to have the company of my friend, the senior Senator from Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , who joins me in address-ing why Russia’s refusal to condemn Iran’s bad behavior—and, in fact, in some ways encouraging it—poses huge security risks for our allies in the Mid-dle East. I would now like to yield, if I could, to my colleague from Connecticut. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I want to express my gratitude to my friend from Delaware, who is truly an expert on this issue, as a member of the Foreign Relations Committee. He has been a leader in this area, and I am delighted and honored to join him on the floor today to discuss the ever- evolving and concerning cooperation between Russia and Iran, particularly in recent months. He has very elo-quently and persuasively described a number of the concerns that we share. I want to associate myself with what he has said here this afternoon. As we all know, Iran has conducted multiple ballistic tests in the last sev-eral months. That is beyond question. I have continuously condemned both Iran’s ongoing ballistic program and Iran’s failure to uphold its inter-national obligations under the U.N. Se-curity Council resolutions by calling for sanctions enforcement at the Armed Services Committee hearings and in letters to the administration and in public statements. We have been steadfast in this effort. While the administration has heeded my calls by enforcing sanctions against 11 entities and individuals supporting Iran’s missile program, clearly more must be done. The United States and the international community must vigilantly enforce sanctions on Iran’s ballistic development, as well as its state sponsorship of terrorism and human rights violations which con-tinue day in and day out. These steps must be taken to hold this regime accountable and prevent Tehran from believing it can violate international law with impunity. Noth-ing less is at stake here than that prin-ciple. Yet Russia has refused to punish Iran. As a world power and permanent member of the U.N. Security Council, Russia can and must be doing more to counter Iran’s destructive deeds, in-cluding ensuring that Iran abides by U.N. Security Council Resolution 2231. This resolution calls on Iran ‘‘not to undertake any activity related to bal-listic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons, including launches, using ballistic missile tech-nology.’’ That is a quote. That man-date applies for up to 8 years from the JCPOA’s adoption day, October 18, 2005. In March, one of Iran’s defiant tests notoriously involved a missile that had a disturbing and alarming message scrawled on the side: ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the face of the Earth.’’ This explicit message, by the way, written not only in Persian but in Hebrew, was designed to directly threaten Israel. That is hardly speculation. It should not be tolerated by any Na-tion. Even worse than Russia’s refusal to condemn Iran’s ballistic missile tests, is that Russia has essentially re-warded Iran for its bad behavior by continuing—even increasing—its co-operation with Iran through military deals. In February, Iran’s Defense Minister visited Moscow to discuss purchasing an array of weapons. Any sale of major combat systems to Iran in the next 5 years would require approval by the U.N. Security Council under Resolu-tion 2231. But the United States has made it clear that such a sale will not be supported. Therefore, it will not be approved by the U.N. Security Council. Media reports in recent weeks have highlighted Russia’s shipment of parts of an S–300 air defense system to Iran. In addition, Russia and Iran are sup-posedly in talks over Sukhoi fighter jets. If such sales are finalized and the systems are delivered, Russia would be directly defying U.N. Resolution 2231. Supplying weapons to Iran is particu-larly dangerous and potentially dam-aging because it is not done in a vacu-um. Russia’s growing partnership has far-reaching ramifications because Hezbollah, Iran’s terrorist proxy in Lebanon, also benefits, at least indi-rectly, from Russian arms and military operational experience in Syria. The flow of support from Russia to Iran to Hezbollah feeds into yet an-other threat that deeply concerns me and our greatest ally in the Middle East and one of our greatest in the world, Israel. Coupled with continued chaos in the region, the Russian-Ira-nian cooperation, which strengthens Hezbollah, only adds to the urgency and importance of ensuring that Israel remains secure, stable, and inde-pendent. Last November, Senator B
ENNET and I co-led a letter to the President con-cerning the need to renew the memo-randum of understanding on U.S. mili-tary assistance—the MOU, as it is known—with Israel to help that nation prepare for, respond to, and defend against threats in an uncertain re-gional environment and to ensure its qualitative military edge. There is nothing original or novel about that policy or principle. The current MOU provides $30 billion in assistance to Israel through fiscal year 2018. As threats in the region con-tinue to evolve, including Iran’s malign influence, reinforced and enabled by Russia, the administration must en-gage at the highest levels to continue to develop a shared understanding of threats confronting Israel by strength-ening the MOU that serves as the foun-dation of our bilateral security efforts. Those efforts support not only Israel, they are in the national interests of the United States of America. Indeed, they are essential to our national in-terests in the region and in the world. While negotiations remain ongoing between the United States and Israel regarding the historic renewal of the MOU, I want to express that I continue to support making the MOU a truly transformational investment to deepen the U.S.-Israel strategic partnership. It is based on a shared understanding of the environment that confronts Israel and the United States together. Russia is only exacerbating the threats in the region to our partnership—the United States and Israel—as well as to each of our nations. The Russian-Iranian cooperation le-gitimizes and strengthens Tehran’s ad-venturism, as well as the Assad regime in Syria, and threatens international security. Moscow’s affair with Tehran and beyond has brought Russian mili-tary might to a network of terrorism that we must continue to monitor closely and work to combat for the safety and security of the United States. It is our security and it is Israel’s security that is at stake, and the entire international community’s security. I again thank my colleague from Delaware for giving me this time and his patience in hearing me out. I look forward to working with him and other colleagues who are concerned about the Russian-Iranian cooperation. They are certainly deeply concerning. I thank him again for his leadership and vision on this topic. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Connecticut—who has been determined, engaged, and thoughtful—for his wise words today and for his persistence and his efforts in making sure that our colleagues on both sides of the aisle are aware of alarming developments in the region and continuing to do everything we can in a responsible and bipartisan way to support Israel’s security through the MOU, which he has referenced and on which he led a letter about the impor-tance of a prompt and supportive re-negotiation of that MOU, and calling attention to Russia’s destabilizing ac-tions. As Senator B
LUMENTHAL just ref-erenced, recent reports convey that Iran is reporting that Russia has al-ready delivered parts of this S–300 weapons system—a defense system, they claim, but a weapons system that would significantly change the re-gional balance of power. I again thank my colleague from Connecticut for being shoulder-to- shoulder with me on the floor today and in the months and years behind us and the months and years ahead of us because it will be a longstanding chal-lenge to keep the Members of this body and folks in Washington focused on the very real threat to America’s security and Israel’s security that is presented by Iran and its actions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.052 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2015 April 13, 2016 
As Senator B LUMENTHAL mentioned, when it comes to countering Iranian aggression in the Middle East, a num-ber of Russia’s recent actions do threaten to do more harm than good. Last summer, when the United States came together with the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and Rus-sia to reach an agreement with Iran to block their pathway to build a nuclear weapon, the international community was clear that the success of this deal relied on every signatory keeping its word and doing its part to prevent Iran from violating the deal. The responsibility to enforce the terms of the JCPOA goes hand-in-hand with an understanding that world pow-ers must also push back on Iran’s bad behavior outside the four corners of this agreement—specifically, its sup-port for terrorism, its continued illegal ballistic missile tests, and its human rights violations. Despite its participation in the nego-tiations that led to the agreement, Russia reportedly plans to sell missile systems to the still-dangerous Iranian regime, as well as—as referenced by Senator B
LUMENTHAL —advanced fight-er jets. Russia also continues to block the U.N. Security Council from taking action—necessary and responsible ac-tion—after Iran’s recent illegal missile tests, which contravene its commit-ments under U.N. Security Council res-olution 2231. Despite the divisions that have brought Congress to a standstill in re-cent years, I am confident that we all agree on one thing: that Iran must not be allowed to develop a nuclear weap-on. I continue to believe the JCPOA represents the least bad option for blocking Iran’s pathway to a nuclear bomb. In recent months, as I have said, Rus-sia has repeatedly undermined the spir-it of that agreement, using the JCPOA as an excuse to proceed with dangerous and provocative sales of allegedly de-fensive equipment to Iran. According to news reports, as I said, Russia has begun delivering parts of the S–300 sur-face-to-air missile system to Iran. Al-though it is unclear how much of that system has already been delivered, the five S–300 systems Russia has promised to Iran would contain 40 launchers, which could shoot down missiles or air-craft as far as 90 miles away. One version of the S–300 currently in use by the Russian military can travel nearly 250 miles at five times the speed of sound. In a worst-case scenario, if Iran backs out of the nuclear deal, this S– 300 system would substantially limit the international community’s options to act to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. That is not all, though. Recent news reports indicate Russia and Iran are ac-tively negotiating an agreement to allow Iran to purchase an unknown number of Sukhoi Su-30 fighter jets— similar to the one pictured here—some of the most advanced fighter jets avail-able in the world. Although it is un-clear what specific version of this air-craft Iran is seeking to obtain, these advanced weapons would significantly enhance the capabilities of Iran’s Air Force. Currently, Iran fields an outdated mix of antiquated Russian, Iraqi, American, and Chinese-built aircraft. Many of these planes date from the Cold War. One particularly advanced variety of this Russian jet, for exam-ple, is armed with air-to-air, anti-ship, and land attack missiles and bombs— precision munitions that would signifi-cantly increase the performance capa-bilities of the Iranian Air Force. They could target other fighter aircraft, sta-tionary military facilities, and naval vessels. In the hands of Iran, these fighter jets would fundamentally change the balance of power in the Middle East and pose a threat to U.S. facilities and our local allies. More concerning, according to some reports, Iran is seeking not just to buy these aircraft but also to license their production in Iran, which would great-ly strengthen Iran’s industrial base and its technical knowledge. It would also leave the international community with even fewer options to prevent Ira-nian access to this technology in the future. At a recent Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, Tom Shannon, the Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, said the United States would ‘‘block the approval of fighter’’ aircraft sales from Russia to Iran. I urge the Obama administration to use all diplo-matic measures available to it to en-sure that we fulfill Under Secretary Shannon’s commitment. As my colleagues know, Iran could use these weapons to threaten U.S. as-sets in the Persian Gulf region, chal-lenge the safety of our vital ally Israel and other close partners, or to protect illicit nuclear sites within Iran’s bor-ders. These threats are not just hypo-thetical. Iran remains a rogue and un-predictable regime that supports ter-rorism in the region and is publically committed to the destruction of valley. The international community cannot stand by while Iran continues to threaten our allies and destabilize the Middle East. Its illegal ballistic missile tests in March served as yet another example that the Iranian regime is not a responsible member of the inter-national community. These tests help Iran to further develop missiles capa-ble of reaching most of the Middle East and even parts of Europe, and they de-stabilize the region and belie Iran’s supposedly peaceful intentions, stated often by both its President and Foreign Minister. They claim Iran’s intentions are to serve as a responsible member of the international community, but these provocative missile tests clearly contradict their commitments under U.N. Security Council resolution 2231 and demand a response. Last week I met with Vitaly Churkin, the Russian Ambassador to the United Nations. While Ambassador Churkin reiterated Russia’s commit-ment to the JCPOA and our shared goal of preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon, I left our conversa-tion convinced that Russia will con-tinue to stand in the way of the inter-national community’s efforts to penal-ize Iran for its ballistic missile tests. Russia’s military sales to Iran and intransigence at the U.N. Security Council are disappointing, to say the least, in light of Russia’s agreement to the terms of this nuclear deal and the importance of all of us working to-gether in the international community to constrain Iran’s bad behavior. The challenge for American diplo-macy is to convince Russia that its military sales to Iran, its refusal to en-gage in multilateral action to punish Iranian ballistic missile tests, and its hesitancy to sanction Iran for sup-porting terrorist groups harm not only American interests but Russian inter-ests as well. Enabling Iran to strengthen its mili-tary capabilities makes it easier for Iran in the future to one day return to an effort to develop a nuclear weapon. Ballistic missile tests foment insta-bility in the whole Persian Gulf and southern Europe, both of which lie close to Russia. As we have tragically seen in recent weeks, the scourge of modern terrorism does not abide by international borders and poses a real threat to Russia as well. In the coming months and years, the United States must continue to pursue action at the Security Council and work with our European allies to pun-ish Iran for its bad behavior. With that, I yield to my friend the senior Senator from Minnesota, who has just joined me for the colloquy. Senator K
LOBUCHAR has joined me to talk about the importance of con-tinuing to work to hold Iran account-able under the JCPOA, to urge a need to confirm senior national security nominees, and the imperative to sup-port our regional partners, especially of our ally Israel. Senator K
LOBUCHAR . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I thank Senator C
OONS for his work. As he stated, Russia’s actions are very harmful in the effort to bring peace in the Middle East. Russia reportedly plans to sell advanced aircraft and mis-sile systems to Iran, as Senator C
OONS  noted, and may begin making these shipments in the next few days. These weapons could be used to destabilize the region and threaten the security of our allies, especially Israel. Russia also continues to block the U.N. Security Council from taking ac-tion in response to Iran’s recent illegal missile tests. These actions can only embolden Iran and encourage Iran to disregard its commitment. Russia, as a JCPOA country, a world power, and a member of the U.N. Secu-rity Council, needs to be convinced that it is in its best interests and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.054 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2016 April 13, 2016 
the interests of the international com-munity that Iran stick to its commit-ments under the JCPOA. I thank Sen-ator C
OONS for making those points. As he noted, I also stress the need to enforce Iran’s commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and also to confirm nominees for posi-tions vital to national security and to support our allies in the Mid East. Pre-venting Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon is one of the most important objectives of our national security pol-icy. I strongly advocated for and sup-ported the economic sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table over the last few years. Those sanc-tions resulted in a nuclear non-proliferation agreement between Iran and the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, and China that was implemented in January. But our work is clearly not done. As we have seen over the past few months, Iran continues to conduct bal-listic missile tests and continues to support terrorism and threatening re-gional stability. Now we are reading news reports, as I noted, that Russia is selling a long-range surface-to-air mis-sile defense system to Iran. All of this means we have to remain vigilant in our monitoring and in our verification. That is why I sponsored the Iran Policy Oversight Act and en-courage my colleagues to pass it. The bill does three important things to hold Iran accountable. First, it allows Congress to more quickly impose eco-nomic sanctions against Iran’s ter-rorist activity. Second, the bill ex-pands military aid to Israel. Third, the bill ensures that agencies charged with monitoring Iran have the resources they need. We also have to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act in order to ensure that we can hold Iran accountable if it vio-lates the deal. The Iran Sanctions Act is up for reauthorization this December and has been a pivotal component of U.S. sanctions against Iran’s energy sector, and its application has been steadily expanded to other Iranian in-dustries. Given Iran’s history, we can anticipate that it will continue to test the boundaries of international agree-ments, and we have to be ready to re-spond when it does so. In summary, we must hold Iran ac-countable every step of the way. Im-posing harsh sanctions, as the adminis-tration must do, against those respon-sible for Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram, which threatened regional and global security, is, of course, a good start, but we must continue to sanc-tion Iran’s ballistic missile program as well as its sponsorship of terrorism and abuse of human rights. Any person or business involved in helping Iran obtain illicit weapons should be banned from doing business with the United States, have their as-sets and financial operations imme-diately frozen, and have their travel re-stricted. Minimizing the threat Iran poses also means working to ensure that the money flowing into Iran now that nuclear sanctions are lifted is not used to further destabilize the region and spread terrorism. We must monitor the flow of terrorist financing and use every tool available to punish bad ac-tors who seek to do harm. But it is also important for Iran to understand that we will not hesitate to snap back sanc-tions if Iran fails to comply its com-mitments under the JCPOA. Sanctions were effective at getting Iran to the table and they will continue to be a tool that allows the United States and our allies to minimize the threat posed by Iran. We must also continue to work with our partners, including the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the Euro-pean Union, and Russia to ensure that the agreement is strictly enforced. Iran must know that if it violates the rules, the response will be certain, swift, and severe. As Senator C
OONS mentioned, when the agreement was reached, its success is ultimately dependent upon every country keeping its word to keep Iran from violating its commitments under the agreement. We need the sup-port of the international community to ensure that Iran sticks to its commit-ments. As we just heard from Senator C
OONS , Russia’s actions are harmful to this effort. Russia reportedly plans to sell ad-vanced aircraft and missile systems to Iran and may begin making these ship-ments in the next few days. These weapons could be used to destabilize the region and threaten the security of our allies, especially Israel. Russia also continues to block the U.N. Security Council from taking action in response to Iran’s recent illegal missile tests. These actions can only embolden Iran and encourage Iran to disregard its commitments. Russia, as a JCPOA country, a world power, and a member of the U.N. Security Council, needs to be convinced that it is in the best in-terest of the international community that Iran sticks to its commitments under the JCPOA. We also need to make sure that we fill vacant frontline positions that hamper our ability to protect our coun-try and work with our allies. While I was pleased that the Senate Banking Committee voted 14–8 last month to ap-prove the nomination of Adam Szubin as undersecretary for terrorism and fi-nancial intelligence at the Department of Treasury, the fact remains that it should not have taken 325 days for the committee to vote. This position is es-sential to national security as it tracks the source of terrorist funding around the world and should be filled as soon as possible. We cannot delay confirmations if the reasoning has nothing to do with pol-icy and everything to do with politics. Senator S
HAHEEN came to the floor sev-eral times to call for swift action on his confirmation, and I join her to urge my Senate colleagues to vote on his confirmation as soon as possible. Our allies and our enemies need to see a united and functional American front-line. And in order to hold Iran account-able, we have to have these positions filled. It is that simple. The United States needs to limit Iran’s destabilizing activity in the re-gion. We need to give our allies in the region the support they need. As the Administration negotiates a new Memorandum of Understanding for se-curity assistance to Israel, I, along with many of my colleagues, support a substantially enhanced agreement to help provide Israel the resources it re-quires to defend itself and preserve its qualitative military edge. Israel re-mains America’s strongest ally in this troubled region. A strong and secure Israel remains a central pillar of our national strategy to achieve peace and stability in the Middle East. Those of us who supported the Iran nuclear agreement have a special re-sponsibility to ensure that it works. In fact, this whole Senate has a responsi-bility, regardless of whether Members supported it or not. It is in the best in-terest of our country. We cannot shirk from our duties and we must be vigi-lant. We owe it to the American people, to Israel, and to our allies. Our mission here is clear: We must protect our own citizens by exercising our authority to enact strong legisla-tion to ensure that Iran does not cheat on its international commitments. Be-cause we know from experience that Iran will test the international com-munity, we must be ready to respond when it does. We must also minimize the threat Iran poses to our citizens and the world by doing everything in our power to stop Iran from funding the world’s terrorists. It is critical that we take additional steps to stop countries like Iran from funding terrorism and destabilizing the world. Stopping Iran’s support of ter-rorism protects us here at home, but it also helps millions of refugees fleeing Syria, the children that are starving in cities like Madaya, and the families fleeing mortar fire in Yemen. Our val-ues of justice, democracy, and freedom for all demand nothing less. I yield the floor. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I want to thank Senators KLOBUCHAR and B
LUMENTHAL for joining me in this col-loquy, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The majority leader. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —S. 2012 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority lead-er, in consultation with the Demo-cratic leader, the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. 2012 and that it be in order to call up the following amendments en bloc, and that the amendments be called up and reported by number: amendments Nos. 3276, Cantwell, striking certain provisions; 3302, as modified, Klobuchar, modifying a provision; 3055, Flake; 3050, Flake; 3237, Hatch; 3308, Murkowski; 3286, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.055 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2017 April 13, 2016 
modified, Heller; 3075, Vitter; 3168, Portman-Shaheen; 3292, as modified, Shaheen; 3155, Heinrich; 3270, Manchin; 3313, as modified, Cantwell; 3214, Cant-well; 3266, Vitter; 3310, Sullivan; 3317, Heinrich; 3265, as modified, Vitter; 3012, Kaine; 3290, Alexander-Merkley; 3004, Gillibrand-Cassidy; 3233, as modified, Warner; 3239, Thune; 3221, Udall- Portman; 3203, Coons; 3309, as modified, Portman; 3229, Flake; 3251, Inhofe. I ask consent that immediately fol-lowing the reporting of the amend-ments, it be in order for the Senate to vote on these amendments en bloc, as well as the Murkowski amendment No. 2963, with no intervening action or de-bate; further, that it be in order to call up the following amendments en bloc and that the amendments be called up and reported by number: amendments Nos. 3234, as modified, Murkowski- Cantwell; 3202, Isakson-Bennet; 3175, Burr; 3210, Lankford; 3311, Boozman; 3312, Udall; 3787, Paul; that there be 2 hours of debate, equally divided in the usual form, on the amendments con-currently; that no further amendments to these amendments be in order; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the amendments in the order listed, with a 60-affirmative-vote threshold for adop-tion of each of the amendments with no intervening action or debate; fur-ther, that following the disposition of the Paul amendment No. 3787, the Sen-ate vote on the Cassidy amendment No. 2954, with a 60-vote-affirmative thresh-old for adoption; that following the dis-position of the Cassidy amendment, the substitute amendment No. 2953, as amended, be agreed to, and that not-withstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture, upon reconsideration, on S. 2012, as amended; that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time be yielded back, the bill be read a third time, and the Sen-ate vote on passage of S. 2012, as amended; finally, that budget points of order not be barred by virtue of this agreement. The PRESIDING OFFICER. To clar-ify, amendments Nos. 3055 by Flake and 3229 by Flake. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I want to take a moment here to con-gratulate Chairman M
URKOWSKI for what could best be described as a long march. Her persistence and determina-tion to pull this very important bill to-gether with a lot of Senators with dif-ferent views at points along the way has been a really extraordinary accom-plishment and, frankly, has been fun to watch because she certainly knows how to manage a bill, how to get to a con-clusion, and she did that in an extraor-dinary fashion. I also want to thank Senator C
ANT-
WELL , her ranking member. The two of them worked well together, and I think we are on the cusp here of something very important and very much worth doing for the American people. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am very happy we are at this point. This legis-lation has taken 3 years. It has been hard to get to where we are today. We can go back to a lot of hurdles that we have had to jump to get to where we are now, and we can affix blame to a lot of different people, but there is no need to do that today. We are where we are, and we should accept that with glee. I am gratified we are able to reach this agreement, and that is an under-statement. It is an important piece of legislation. Is it perfect? Of course not. But nothing we do legislatively is. We are trying to work things out through compromise. This is a good oppor-tunity for us to show we can do that. We have tried to move this legisla-tion for 3 years, and I really appreciate the patience of JEANNE SHAHEEN from New Hampshire. She has worked on this and has been so disappointed so many times. I hope she feels as good as the rest of us. I also want to thank the ranking member of the Energy Committee. She has had other responsibilities before, but those of us who have worked with Senator C
ANTWELL know how per-sistent she can be. She is tireless in ad-vocating for what she thinks is appro-priate. So I appreciate what she has done in the last few days to get us to this point. I am grateful that we are done with this and that we are going to finish this bill. We will have to work it out timewise. It will not be the easiest thing, but we should be able to do that. We have other things we need to do. We have an appropriations bill coming up. We are going to finish with the FAA, I hope, pretty soon. I hope nobody is going to be demanding a lot of postcloture time on that. So I would hope, Mr. President, we can use this as a pattern for what we can do in the future to get things done for the American people. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I would like to acknowledge and thank the majority leader and the minority leader for their cooperation and their help in getting us here and specifically recognize the good work of Senator C
ANTWELL . You do not get to a point in this body with significant legislation if you don’t have a willing partner on the other side. We have not taken up energy reform or any real energy legislation in over 8 years now, and in those intervening 8 years, much has happened in the en-ergy space. Our policies as they relate to energy, whether it is LNG exports or renewables, haven’t advanced. And the commitment that Senator C
ANTWELL  and I made to one another over a year ago to try to move legislation—not just to move messages but to move leg-islation—was a commitment that held us through a lot of hearings, a lot of discussion, a lot of debate going back and forth, but to the point where we are today with an agreement to move forward to final passage on a very sig-nificant energy bill for the country. So I thank Senator CANTWELL , and I would also like to recognize her staff, led by Angela Becker-Dippmann, and my energy team, led by Colin Hayes, who have put in yeoman’s work to get us to this point. I would like to think we could kick this whole thing out tonight, but we are not going to be doing that. We do, however, have the glidepath forward, and I thank not only those on our re-spective teams but also those here on the floor who have helped us with this as well. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF NORTH  
DAKOTA MEN ’S HOCKEY TEAM  
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise to talk about the University of North Da-kota men’s hockey team, which won a national championship last Saturday. Undoubtedly, like everybody else, the Presiding Officer was glued to his TV set watching the exciting game be-tween the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team and Quinnipiac. The UND hockey team prevailed 5 to 1 in an exciting game in front of about 20,000 fans. It was just fantastic. So I am here to read a resolution into the record from the United States Sen-ate congratulating the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team for winning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association’s Division I Men’s Hockey Championship. 
Whereas the University of North Dakota (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘UND’’) Men’s Hockey Team won the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I Men’s Hockey Championship Game in Tampa, Florida, on April 9, 2016, in a hard fought victory over the Quinnipiac Univer-sity Bobcats of Connecticut by a score of 5 to 1; Whereas the UND men’s hockey team and Coach Brad Berry had an incredible 2015–16 season and became the first head coach to win the National Championship in his first season as head coach; Whereas UND has won its eighth NCAA Frozen Four Championship— 
Second only to Michigan. Michigan has won nine. We hope to remedy that next year and get our ninth, and then pass by the University of Michigan— 
ending the season with a 34–6-4 record; Whereas Coach Berry and his staff have in-stilled character and perseverance in the UND players and have done an outstanding job with the UND hockey program; Whereas the leadership of Interim Presi-dent Ed Schafer and Athletic Director Brian Faison has helped further both academic and athletic excellence at UND; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\S13AP6.REC S13AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2018 April 13, 2016 
Whereas thousands of UND fans attended the championship game, reflecting the tre-mendous fan base of the University of North Dakota that showcases the spirit and dedica-tion of UND hockey fans, which has helped propel the team’s success; and Whereas the 2016 NCAA Frozen Four Divi-sion I Hockey Championship was a victory not only for the UND men’s hockey team, but also for the entire State of North Da-kota— 
We take great pride in our hockey and our tremendous UND hockey team— 
Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team, the 2016 Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association Divi-sion I Men’s Hockey champions; (2) commends the University of North Da-kota players, coaches, and staff for their hard work and dedication; and (3) recognizes the students, alumni, and loyal fans for supporting the UND men’s hockey team on their successful quest to capture another NCAA National Champion-ship trophy for the University of North Da-kota. 
We are very proud of our university, of the leadership there at the univer-sity, of the coaches, the staff, and these tremendous student athletes. They conducted themselves so well both on and off the ice. They had an absolutely impressive run through the postseason. I think Quinnipiac only lost about three games all year, so they had an in-credible record. They were rated No. 1 in the country. Our hockey team came in and played a fantastic game. It was an exciting game to watch, but on both sides tremendous athletes. Congratula-tions to Quinnipiac on a great year and on an outstanding program. We played Denver in the semifinals. They also had a great year. Boston Col-lege was in the other bracket. They were outstanding hockey programs. It was a great hockey tournament. There was a fantastic fan base from all the schools. Again, back to the quality of the athletes, the student athletes who were competing—great character. They handled themselves well and had great sportsmanship. It is exactly the kind of thing we like to see not only for our State but the other States that were there and the teams that were rep-resenting. It was a great tournament all around. Also, thanks and congratulations to everyone in Tampa for hosting the tournament and doing an absolutely fantastic job. We had thousands of fans outside the arena after the game savor-ing the victory and having a great time. The city of Tampa and the arena could not have been more hospitable, so we want to say thank you and ex-press our appreciation. Again, con-gratulations to a great team on a great year. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, this is the 133rd climate speech that I have delivered, and it has been an amazing week. On Saturday, the New York Times posted its cover story about dying coral reefs in our oceans. On Sunday, the cover story in the Providence Journal was about drown-ing salt marshes in Rhode Island. Both are the handiwork of climate change. Even more amazing, listen to what a Koch brothers operative said last week: ‘‘Charles has said the climate is chang-ing. So, the climate is changing.’’ That was Sheryl Corrigan speaking, of Koch Industries, the massive fuel conglom-erate led by Charles and David Koch, and the Charles was Charles Koch. She went on: ‘‘I think he’s also said, and we believe that humans have a part in that.’’ Climate change is real, it seems, and manmade if even they say so. What this really means is that the denial shtick has collapsed entirely. We saw this coming with the oil and gas CEOs. In the runup to the Paris cli-mate summit, the chief executive offi-cers of 10 of the world’s largest oil and gas companies declared their collective support for a strong international cli-mate change agreement. ‘‘We are committed to playing our part,’’ they professed. ‘‘Over the com-ing years we will collectively strength-en our actions and investments to con-tribute to reducing the GHG intensity of the global energy mix.’’ So if the oil and gas CEOs will not do it and now even the Koch brothers will not do it, it looks like denying climate change is no longer acceptable—even to those who most cause it. As we know, Big Coal took another path, denying to the end, and for many players in the coal industry it really is the end. The industry is being dev-astated by market forces and is in pre-cipitous decline. As I noted in my last climate speech, the Wall Street Jour-nal reported that the ‘‘war on coal’’ was a war on coal by the natural gas industry, and the natural gas industry has won. Appalachian Power president and CEO Charles Patton told a meeting of energy executives last fall that coal was losing a long-term contest with natural gas and wind power. Today we learned America’s largest coal com-pany, Peabody Energy, filed for bank-ruptcy, as Arch Coal did in January. In recent years, one report found 26 U.S. coal companies have gone into bankruptcy. Some of the most notable bankruptcies include James River Coal and Patriot Coal Corporation, which had combined assets that totaled $4.6 billion. Denial was not a winning strategy for the coal industry. If outright denial of manmade climate change is no longer a viable strategy, what is left? It is an old classic: Dissembling—say-ing one thing and doing another. The polluters say climate change is real and they say that a carbon fee makes sense, but they put their entire mas-sive lobbying and political operations to work to prevent Congress from actu-ally acknowledging that climate change is real or from working on leg-islation to establish a carbon fee—even a carbon fee that would dramatically reduce the corporate income tax rate. For example, USA TODAY reported this week that oil titan Chevron has pumped at least $1 million into the super PAC set up to keep the Senate in the hands of the climate denial party. I don’t know of a penny that Chevron has put into supporting climate action in Congress. Say one thing; do another. A new report from the nonprofit re-search organization Influence Map shows that two other major oil compa-nies, along with three of their industry trade groups, spend as much as $115 million a year to lobby against the very climate policies they publicly claim to support. Say one thing, do an-other. This chart shows the streams of money from ExxonMobil and Royal Dutch Shell—whose CEO, by the way, signed the oil-and-gas Paris declara-tion—as well as the American Petro-leum Institute, the Western States Pe-troleum Association, and the Aus-tralian Petroleum Production & Explo-ration Association. That is Shell and that is Exxon. This money deluge—total spent, $114 million—includes advertising and pub-lic relations, direct lobbying here in Congress and at State houses, and po-litical contributions and election-eering. Don’t think any of this goes to support a solution to climate change. What this chart doesn’t show is the dark money these corporate behemoths funnel through phony-baloney front groups, often untraceable, to under-mine public understanding of the cli-mate crisis and to undermine action in Congress. Front groups have been testi-fying this very week in the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee against climate action. Was there any pushback from Charles Koch or from the oil CEOs? No. Nor does this chart show the undisclosed fossil fuel mil-lions dumped into our elections thanks to the regrettable Citizens United Su-preme Court decision. Academic researchers like Robert Brulle at Drexel University, Riley Dunlap at Oklahoma State University, Justin Farrell at Yale University, and Michael Mann at Penn State Univer-sity, among many others, have studied and are exposing the precise dimen-sions and functions of the corporate climate denial machine. It is quite a piece of machinery. Investigative writ-ers like Naomi Oreskes, Erik Conway, Naomi Klein, and Steve Coll are also on the hunt. Jane Mayer of The New Yorker has put out an important piece of legisla-tion—her new, aptly titled book ‘‘Dark Money,’’ about the secret but massive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.072 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2019 April 13, 2016 
influence-buying of rightwing billion-aires led by the infamous Koch broth-ers. Mayer’s book catalogs the rise and the expansion into a vast array of front groups of this operation and the role in it of two of America’s more shameless villains Charles and David Koch. If you want a little more history on this unholy alliance, you can read ‘‘Poison Tea,’’ a new book out by Jeff Nesbit. Mr. Nesbit was a Republican who worked in the Bush 41 White House. He was there at the creation. He has reviewed an enormous array of doc-uments and he has written an amazing expose´. The Koch brothers’ say one thing, do another strategy is every bit as bad as the say one thing, do another strategy of their oil and gas allies. Remember, here is what they now say: 
Charles has said the climate is changing. So, the climate is changing. . . . I think he’s also said, and we believe that humans have a part in that. 
Again, that is the Koch Industries’ rep. Here is what they still do: They threaten that Republicans who support a carbon tax or climate regulations would ‘‘be at a severe disadvantage in the Republican nomination process. . . . We would absolutely make that a crucial issue.’’ That is the President of Americans for Prosperity, the juggernaut of the Koch brothers-backed political net-work, which has promised to spend, be-lieve it or not, $750 million just in this 2016 election. What on Earth could they possibly want to spend $750 million on? Americans for Prosperity’s president also takes credit for the ‘‘political peril’’ they are proud to have created for Republicans who cross them on cli-mate change. This threat is not subtle. Step out of line and here come the at-tack ads and the primary challengers all funded by the deep pockets of the fossil fuel industry, powered up by Citi-zens United. The result? The issue of climate change is completely absent from the Republican campaigns. They really don’t want to talk about it. Every Re-publican candidate has gone into si-lence or outright denial. Their silence or outright denial is exactly paralleled on the floor of this body. Just this week, a bipartisan effort to extend tax incentives for renewable en-ergy fell apart after it was reported that the Kochs and an array of their front groups told the Senate majority to cease and desist from allowing an extension of renewable tax credits the majority had already agreed to. So down came the FAA bill com-promise. Of course, the Big Oil tax credits have been baked into the Tax Code, and there is no contesting them that is allowed. We now have a field in which renewable tax credits that were agreed to are not in place, but Big Oil protects its own tax breaks as the fos-sil fuel industry attacks the renewable tax breaks. Look at what fossil fuel influence has done to the business lobby groups. The Chamber of Commerce, which is prob-ably more accurately defined now as the chamber of carbon, the American Petroleum Institute, even the National Association of Manufacturers, the Na-tional Federation of Independent Busi-ness, and the Farm Bureau—Big Oil and the Koch brothers have locked them all down. It is a wall of opposi-tion among those groups to any sen-sible conversation about carbon pollu-tion. I have spoken before about the well- defended castle of denial constructed by the big polluters to attack and har-ass their opponents and to keep out the unwelcome truths of climate science. Built as it is on a foundation of lies, the denial castle is bound to crumble. We have seen cracks begin to appear in the edifice. This revelation on the part of the Koch brothers that they finally see that climate change is real and manmade is another collapse. It is a big collapse. But don’t believe they are surrendering their position entirely. What we see here in Congress is that they are still fighting as hard as ever. They are just conceding some of their more extreme positions because they know some of their nonsense is now simply beyond the pale and is not ac-ceptable. This is just a strategic re-treat from a preposterous stance. Every major scientific society in America agrees on the cause and ur-gency of climate change, and, I think, so do every one of our major State uni-versities—certainly every one I have looked at—all of our National Labs, NASA, NOAA, America’s national secu-rity and intelligence community, and all the corporations that signed the American Business Act on Climate Pledge, which includes major corpora-tions from a lot of our Republican col-leagues’ home States. That is a lot of information to deny and ignore, and that is an awful lot of legitimate peo-ple to claim our part of the hoax. Here it comes—the whole structure of deceit and denial erected by the fos-sil fuel interest is creaking and crum-bling. More than a dozen attorneys general are starting to poke and probe. My Republican colleagues may want to consider getting out of the way of this because the day is coming—and soon— when the whole denier castle collapses, and that day cannot come too soon. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MORNING BUSINESS CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS WEEK AND THE JUSTICE FOR ALL RE-AUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, every year in April, we pause to observe Na-tional Crime Victims’ Rights Week, and this year marks its 35th anniver-sary. Since 1981, in communities across the Nation, people have observed this week with candlelight vigils and public rallies to renew our commitment to crime victims and their families. Vermonters have always banded to-gether to help crime victims and their families. That is just who we are, and I am proud of that long tradition. It is vitally important that we continue to recognize the needs of these survivors and work together to promote victims’ rights and services. One of our most important tools to do so is the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 and the crime victims fund that it created. I strongly supported passage of this critical legislation, which has been the principal means through which the Federal Government has supported essential services for crime victims and their families for more than three decades. It is time to review and renew that law, and I have been working closely with Senator G
RASS -
LEYin that effort. Next week, the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing to assess the crime victims fund and discuss how to ensure that it continues to meet the changing needs of victims. The Justice for All Act is another important law that promotes victims’ rights. I am working with Senator C
OR-
NYN to reauthorize this vital legisla-tion. Our bill will further strengthen the rights of crime victims; improve the use of forensic evidence, including rape kits, to provide justice as swiftly as possible; and protect the innocent by improving access to post-conviction DNA testing. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act builds on the work I began in 2000, when I introduced the Innocence Pro-tection Act, which sought to ensure that defendants in the most serious cases receive competent representation and, where appropriate, access to post- conviction DNA testing. I served proudly as a prosecutor in Vermont for 8 years, and I believe that we must find those responsible for crimes and pros-ecute them. But we must also ensure that our system does not wrongly con-vict those who are innocent. DNA test-ing is often necessary to prove the in-nocence of individuals in cases where the system got it grievously wrong. ‘‘Innocent until proven guilty’’ is a hallmark of our criminal justice sys-tem, but when a person who has been found guilty is truly innocent, we can-not stand idly by. We must act to exon-erate that person. The Innocence Protection Act passed as part of the original Justice for All Act in 2004, and since that time, at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.073 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2020 April 13, 2016 
least 26 people have been exonerated through DNA testing funded by the leg-islation. In North Carolina, for exam-ple, a man was released after spending 37 years in prison for a double murder he did not commit. In Virginia, a man was released after spending 27 years in prison for violent rapes he did not com-mit. And in New Orleans, a man was re-leased after spending 20 years in a State mental health hospital for an ab-duction and rape he did not commit. We must continue funding this critical post-conviction DNA testing since we know our system does not always get it right. It is an outrage when an inno-cent person is wrongly punished, and this injustice is compounded when the true perpetrator remains on the streets, able to commit more crimes. We are all less safe when the system gets it wrong. As we begin this year’s Crime Vic-tims’ Rights Week, I look forward to working with Senators on both sides of the aisle to update and reauthorize both the Victims of Crime Act and the Justice for All Reauthorization Act. Survivors and their families deserve nothing less. 
f 
OBSERVING WORLD HEMOPHILIA DAY Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate April 17 as World He-mophilia Day where we recognize the serious challenges of the 20,000 Ameri-cans who suffer each day from hemo-philia and where we raise awareness to fight for a cure. Hemophilia is a rare genetic disorder that prevents an individual’s ability to form a proper blood clot. Patients with hemophilia need immediate access to care and lifesaving therapies. There is currently an enormous discrepancy in the level of care available to patients with hemophilia. While some are diag-nosed very young and have medical care throughout their life, most do not or do not have the access to diagnosis and treatment they need. As a physi-cian, I have treated patients with he-mophilia, and I know how debilitating the health problems endured by those living with hemophilia can be. If left untreated, a bleeding episode can lead to terrible pain, chronic joint and mus-cle damage, serious injury, or even death. I am hopeful that through attention, diligence, and raised awareness we might prevent more complications, un-necessary procedures, and disabilities so often caused by these diseases. As we increase our understanding and awareness of hemophilia, we also in-crease our ability to find treatments and eventually, a cure for this disease. I’m proud to stand today in support of all Americans with hemophilia on World Hemophilia Day. 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS VOLUNTARY SERVICE Mrs. MCCASKILL. Mr. President, I ask the Senate to join me today in rec-ognizing, celebrating, and highlighting the significance of the 70th anniversary of the Department of Veterans Affairs Voluntary Service, VAVS, this year. This program is one of the largest cen-tralized volunteer groups in the Fed-eral Government with approximately 75,000 volunteers providing more than 9.7 million hours of service for our Na-tion’s veterans during their hospital stay. It has been 70 years since this pro-gram started in 1946. Since then, the volunteers have donated more than 782.2 million hours of service to support our veterans. More than 7,400 national and community organizations support the volunteers, including support by a national advisory committee, com-prising 55 major veteran, civic, and service organizations who work to-gether to improve volunteerism in VA. Keeping up with the VA’s fast-paced efforts to expand access to care for vet-eran patients into the community, this program, too, has strived to continue their efforts to assist our veterans. The volunteers serve in many different ways, including supplementing staff in hospital wards, community living cen-ters, outpatient clinics, community- based volunteer programs, respite care programs, end-of-life care programs, creative arts, adaptive sports, vet cen-ters, veterans homes, national ceme-teries, and veterans benefits offices. Just in 2015, the volunteers contrib-uted a total of 10.8 million hours of service. The current monetary value of those hours from all of the volunteers is more than $250 million. Additionally, the volunteers and their organizations contributed more than $105 million in gifts and donations in 2015, for a com-bined total value of $355.5 million in volunteer service and giving. While the tangible value of these vol-unteer activities is impressive, it is im-possible to calculate all of the compas-sionate care and efforts that the volun-teers provide for our veterans. These volunteers are a priceless asset for the Department of Veterans Affairs. I ask that the Senate join me in cele-brating the Department of Veterans Affairs Voluntary Service on 70 years of outstanding service to our Nation’s veterans and wishing them the best in continuing to serve. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL AS-SOCIATION OF SUPERINTEND-ENTS OF U.S. NAVAL SHORE ES-TABLISHMENTS Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the contributions of the National Association of Superintend-ents of U.S. Naval Shore Establish-ments, NAS NSE, on the occasion of its 100th national convention. Since its founding near the time of World War I, NAS NSE has worked to promote the welfare of its members and increase the efficiency of work at Navy yards and naval stations. The members of NAS NSE encompass diverse trades, including shop super-intendents and senior managers from engineering, project management, fi-nancial, business office, facilities, base operations, and resource management. Despite their varied backgrounds, these professionals possess a common ability to lead, educate, and manage, as well as a true dedication to the pro-tection of our country. In particular, the NAS NSE chapter at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is committed to ensur-ing the Navy’s submarines are main-tained, repaired, and modernized to the highest degree in order to fulfill the Navy’s mission of winning wars, deter-ring aggression, and maintaining free-dom of the seas. As threats facing our Nation increase and become more complex, the Navy’s ability to project power and uniquely provide worldwide presence plays an in-creasingly critical role in protecting our national security. As such, it is critical that our naval fleet is properly maintained so it can be positioned around the world where and when we need it. NAS NSE members play a vital role in ensuring that our ships are ready to deploy on schedule and in good condition. Over the past 100 conventions, NAS NSE has worked on many important issues, including many shipyard safety and leadership issues. This year, their efforts continue to focus on empow-ering shipyard workers to be leaders, helping new employees to efficiently achieve proficiency in necessary skills, and developing innovation in the ship-yard. Through these and many other initiatives aimed at increasing the safety and abilities of its members, NAS NSE has improved both the lives of shipyard workers and the efficiency of our shipyards. I commend the organization for its commitment to passing on a strong and healthy program of naval mainte-nance, so that future generations can benefit from a Navy ready to defend our freedoms. It is an honor for me to pay tribute to the National Association of Superintendents of U.S. Naval Shore Establishments as they celebrate 100 years of meeting to work on behalf of our shipyard workers and our naval shipyards. Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I join my esteemed colleague, Senator SUSAN  C
OLLINS , in recognizing the 100th Con-vention of the National Association of Superintendents of the U.S. Naval Shore Establishments, NAS NSE. This association works diligently to imple-ment a strong and healthy program of naval maintenance and modernization at our naval shipyards, so future gen-erations can benefit from a Navy that is always ready to defend our freedom. I specifically wish to recognize the work of the NAS NSE chapter at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.059 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2021 April 13, 2016 
ME. Maintaining the structural and functional integrity of our Navy’s sub-marines enables the United States to consistently serve and protect our Na-tion’s interests around the globe, and the NAS NSE of Portsmouth Naval Shipyard serves as a paragon of effi-cient, quality service on behalf of our Navy’s ships and servicemen. Ports-mouth has earned a reputation as the Navy’s Center of Excellence for attack submarine maintenance, which is a re-flection of the hard work and deter-mination of the association to manage and protect these American treasures for national security. Through their consistent dedication and skillful work, the men and women of Ports-mouth Naval Shipyard play a vital role in furthering the esteemed tradition of excellence within the NAS NSE. Building on over a century of work to promote our Navy’s strength, this year’s historic convention focuses on the national initiative of improving productive capacity throughout the as-sociation. This year’s convention will help to further streamline systems, op-timize production, and enhance safety across all the NAS NSE’s operations. Discussing and implementing improved strategies will help to ensure the con-tinued effectiveness of Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and shipyards all across the country. I congratulate the NAS NSE on their 100th convention, and I thank them for their dedication and hard work on be-half of our shipyards. I wish them con-tinued success in the future as the as-sociation continues to ensure the safe-ty of our Nation for generations to come. 
f 
OBSERVING THE HOLIDAY OF VAISAKHI FOR THE SIKH COM-MUNITY Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish to honor and celebrate the holiday of Vaisakhi, a very important day for those who practice Sikhism. The world’s fifth largest religion, Sikhism was founded over five cen-turies ago and was introduced to the United States in the 19th century. There are over 500,000 Sikh adherents in the United States. Pennsylvania is the home of many proud Sikh Americans, who contribute and make a positive impact in their workplaces, communities, and to our country. They are part of the rich cul-tural fabric of the Commonwealth. As a member of the American Sikh Congressional Caucus, I rise to honor this community on the holiday of Vaisakhi. This is an important celebra-tion for the Sikh community and is celebrated this year on April 13. On this day in 1699, Guru Gobind Singh created the Khalsa, a fellowship of de-vout Sikhs. Vaisakhi is a festival which marks this occasion and the spring harvest. The Sikh community around the world recognizes this important holi-day with parades, dancing, singing, and other festivities. Celebrations also in-clude performing seva, or selfless serv-ice, such as providing free meals to others and volunteering for service projects in their communities. I am proud to represent the Sikh community of Pennsylvania, and I wish the Sikh American community a joy-ous Vaisakhi. Thank you. f 
HONORING OFFICER NATHAN TAYLOR Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of California Highway Patrol Offi-cer Nathan Daniel Taylor, a beloved husband, father, brother, son, and grandson who tragically lost his life in the line of duty on March 13, 2016. Officer Taylor was born on January 17, 1981, in Baltimore, MD. His family later moved to Loomis, CA, where Offi-cer Taylor was an active member of the Boy Scouts, earning the highest rank of Eagle Scout. After graduating from Del Oro High School, Officer Taylor at-tended Brigham Young University on a full academic scholarship and received a bachelor’s degree in history. He spent 2 years in Venezuela serving as a church missionary before joining the California Highway Patrol, continuing his commitment to helping those in need. Officer Taylor completed cadet training in 2010 and was assigned to the San Jose area office before transferring to the Gold Run area in 2013. Colleagues fondly recalled Officer Taylor’s tremendous service to the public, offering examples of his self-lessness and compassion. ‘‘Officer Tay-lor was the most genuine, honest offi-cer I knew,’’ said CHP Officer Josh Webb. ‘‘He would literally give the shirt off his back for somebody.’’ His ability to go above and beyond the call of duty also earned the appreciation and affection of the community he served. In fact, he received so many thank-you letters from the public that his colleagues joked that he must have written them himself. Officer Taylor truly embodied the very best of law enforcement, and his courageous service will be forever re-membered. On behalf of the people of California, whom Officer Taylor served so bravely, I extend my gratitude and deepest sympathies to his wife, Becky; sons Preston, Wyatt, and Joshua; par-ents, Jeff and Linda; brothers Karl, Collin, and Steven; sister, Sarah; and grandparents, Karl and Virginia. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JANET AIRIS Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I join with the vice chairwoman of the Ap-propriations Committee, Senator M
I-
KULSKI , and the chairman and ranking member of the Budget Committee, Sen-ator E
NZIand Senator S ANDERS , in honoring Janet Airis on her retirement after 32 years of distinguished service to the Congress with the Congressional Budget Office. Janet is highly regarded by both Republicans and Democrats on both sides of the Capitol for her ency-clopedic knowledge of the appropria-tions and budget process and its lexi-con, her responsiveness to committee and Member staff, and her dedication to the nonpartisan role that CBO plays in the successful enactment of appro-priations bills year after year. Janet has been a valuable asset to eight of the nine CBO directors. Janet came to CBO in the waning days of 1983, fairly soon after grad-uating from Wellesley College. She joined the scorekeeping unit in the budget analysis division, which has the responsibility of tracking and scoring the appropriations bills at each legisla-tive stage as well as tracking manda-tory spending in authorizing legisla-tion. Janet was hired to assist in main-taining the database used by the divi-sion. Janet has worked to keep the database in sync with the many changes in the budget process, inte-grating new categories and methods so that CBO could accurately tabulate and report on Federal spending. Janet started as the scorekeeper for the de-fense and military construction appro-priation bills. Over the course of her career, she also handled the Transpor-tation, Veterans Affairs, Housing and Urban Development and Agriculture, and legislative branch appropriations bills, in the process gaining a vast array of knowledge of a substantial part of the Federal budget. In 2000, Janet made the transition to unit chief. For the past 16 years, she has successfully overseen the analysis of the President’s budget request for each of the appropriation bills, the scoring of the appropriation bills at each stage, the production and review of baselines, and the writing and co-ordination of CBO’s annual report on unauthorized appropriations and expir-ing authorizations. Through all of these tasks, she has been the steady hand of the scorekeeping unit, gen-erous with her time and knowledge, and vital to the smooth functioning of the budget analysis division. Senate staff and colleagues have come to de-pend on her for her ready expertise, diligence, and attention to detail. Janet is also famous for sharing her prodigious baking talent. Every year she has coordinated the provision of cookies during the conclusion of the December baseline, which often coin-cided with the final days of a congres-sional session. The appearance of a red- clothed table outside of the scorekeeping unit bearing plates of homemade cookies always brings a smile to stressed budget analysts checking final numbers or scoring final bills. Janet’s expertise, corporate knowl-edge, and generosity of time and spirit will be sorely missed, but she well de-serves an opportunity to rest after her years of outstanding service to the Congress. We are grateful for that serv-ice, and we wish her the best in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.063 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2022 April 13, 2016 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING JAMES BARRETT M
CNULTY ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to James Barrett McNulty, former mayor of my home-town Scranton, PA. Former Mayor McNulty was a dedicated public serv-ant who made a lasting impact on Scranton and all of Pennsylvania. Born on February 27, 1945, in the High Works section of Scranton, Jim attended South Scranton and South Catholic High School. In 1966, he grad-uated from the University of Scranton as student body president with a bach-elor of arts in political science. A member of the Young Democrats for John F. Kennedy, Jim McNulty an-swered President Kennedy’s call to young people to serve their community and their country. The extraordinary love that Mayor McNulty had for public service and for the people of Scranton was felt by all who had the good fortune of being in his presence. As a committed public servant, Jim McNulty joined the staff of Congressman Dan Flood and then transitioned to work on the mayoral race in Scranton in 1969. By 1974, Jim was deputy mayor. He quickly rose through the ranks as director of the Department of Public Works, chairman of the Scranton Redevelopment Au-thority, chairman of the Scranton Recreation Authority, City of Scranton Urban Affairs coordinator and member of the City of Scranton Government Study Commission. In 1981, he was elected to serve as the 26th mayor of Scranton. John F. Kennedy once said: ‘‘For I can assure you that we love our coun-try, not for what it was, though it has always been great—not for what it is, though of this we are deeply proud— but for what it someday can, and, through the efforts of us all, someday will be.’’ Jim McNulty was a visionary mayor who saw the greatness in the city of Scranton and its people. He fought tirelessly to make life better for residents with his instrumental actions in making the Steamtown Historic Site and the Hilton at Lackawanna Station a reality. His joyful presence around Scranton left an indelible mark long after his mayoralty ended. Mayor McNulty’s voice would paint a picture of the city of Scranton through his public affairs program ‘‘Sunday Live’’ with Jim McNulty and WARM radio talk show ‘‘the Mayor of WARMland.’’ May his memory live on through the love of his wife, Evie; the McNulty family; his many friends; and the ongo-ing efforts to enhance the Scranton community. We honor him for his love for all the people of northeastern Penn-sylvania and his commitment to serv-ice.∑ TRIBUTE TO OFFICER MICHAEL STONEKING ∑Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Eastern Iowa Airport Transportation Security Officer Mi-chael Stoneking for recent actions he took to aid a choking passenger. Officer Michael Stoneking, while on duty at Eastern Iowa Airport in Cedar Rapids, IA, was on his way to take his break when he was alerted by another airport employee that a passenger was in distress. Officer Stoneking was di-rected to a female passenger who had her hands at her throat indicating that she was choking. Officer Stoneking performed the Heimlich maneuver and was able to successfully remove the ob-struction from the passenger’s throat, allowing her to breathe clearly. The passenger’s family and the passenger, once able to speak, thanked Officer Stoneking and credited him with sav-ing her life. Official Transportation Se-curity Administration reports from the scene praise Officer Stoneking for his command presence and calm profes-sionalism, stating that his ability to think clearly and react saved a life. At a time when transportation secu-rity is on everyone’s mind, it is com-forting to know that we have such ca-pable security officers in our airports. Those who go above and beyond the call of duty, as Officer Stoneking did, are to be commended and serve as an example of what dedicated law enforce-ment officers can accomplish. I am very proud today to share Offi-cer Stoneking’s story with our col-leagues and would ask that they join me in commending Officer Stoneking for his actions that saved a passenger’s life. Thank you.∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING AIRBUS EMPLOYEES IN MOBILE, ALABAMA ∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, today I commend Airbus and its employees at the Mobile Aeroplex facility on the completion of their first aircraft, the Airbus A321. This great achievement was years in the making, and I am de-lighted that Mobile is home to the first A321 built in the United States. Aviation manufacturing is extremely valuable to the State of Alabama’s economy. Airbus plays a significant role in this sector, which brings wel-comed job creation and economic growth to south Alabama and across the State. Airbus’s presence in Ala-bama also underscores the fact that our great State is open for business, leading the Nation in both cutting-edge technology and workforce. It is my great honor to congratulate Airbus and all of those who played a role in the making of this momentous occasion. I look forward to many more accomplishments by Airbus’s Mobile facility and additional aircraft that will be proudly made in Alabama. ∑ CONGRATULATING THE UNIVER-SITY OF SOUTH DAKOTA WOM-EN’S BASKETBALL TEAM ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I congratulate the University of South Dakota, USD, Coyotes women’s basket-ball team as they celebrate winning the 2016 Women’s National Invitation Tournament, WNIT. The Coyotes won their first WNIT championship by outscoring the Flor-ida Gulf Coast Eagles 71–65. The win was especially poignant as the WNIT championship game was the last wom-en’s basketball game to be held in USD’s iconic DakotaDome. Starting next season, USD basketball games will be held in a brand-new facility, and the record turnout for the cham-pionship game was a fitting way to end the DakotaDome’s 37-year history. The Coyotes were led by head coach, Amy Williams, who received her second consecutive Coach of the Year honor from the Summit League earlier in the season. Seniors Tia Hemiller and Ni-cole Seekamp were named to the WNIT All-Tournament team, with Seekamp also being recognized as the Most Valu-able Player of the Postseason WNIT. Seekamp is also the 2016 Summit League Women’s Basketball Player of the Year. Once again, congratulations to the entire USD Coyotes women’s basket-ball team on this impressive accom-plishment. I commend the players and coaching staff for all of their hard work this season and wish them the best of luck in their future.∑ f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE OREGON AIR NATIONAL GUARD ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am proud to join Oregonians all across our State in marking the 75th anniver-sary of the Oregon Air National Guard. For three-quarters of a century, thou-sands of Oregon’s sons and daughters have joined the Air National Guard, dedicating themselves to defense of the Constitution of the United States and service to their fellow Americans and Oregonians. Today I want to take a moment, here on the Senate floor to thank them for their service and for their sacrifices on our behalf. The Oregon Air National Guard traces its beginnings back to April 1941, when a small group of 110 airmen boldly stepped forward and volunteered for duty in the months before the U.S. entered the Second World War. Ini-tially activated as the Oregon National Guard Air Corps 123rd Observation Squadron, their first mission was to conduct maritime surveillance of the continental United States following the attack on Pearl Harbor. In 1947, fol-lowing the allied victory in World War II, Congress officially established the U.S. Air Force as a separate military service, apart from the U.S. Army, and designated the Air National Guard as a reserve component. In the decades since, the Oregon Air National Guard has played a vital na-tional defense role in the Korean war, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.062 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2023 April 13, 2016 
the Vietnam war, the Cold War, and in many global operations in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. Today’s Oregon Air National Guard units include the 142nd Fighter Wing in Portland, the 173rd Fighter Wing in Klamath Falls, and the Joint Forces Headquarters in Salem. Or-egon’s F–15s serve on guard 24 hours a day, 365 days a year to defend the skies above America’s western coast. In addi-tion to protecting that airspace, Or-egon airmen are the sole providers of F–15 flight training for the U.S. Air Force. But Oregon’s airmen and women aren’t simply ready to respond in times of conflict; they also answer the Gov-ernor’s call during natural disasters to protect Oregonians from floods, forest fires, volcanic eruptions, and medical emergencies. Through the State part-nership program, Oregon Guardsmen also have played a powerful role to im-prove relations with our State’s part-ners in Vietnam and Bangladesh. In doing so, they demonstrate the best of American generosity in communities throughout the world. The strength of any organization is its people and here the men and women of the Oregon Air National Guard, like its counterpart the Oregon Army Guard, are at the top of their class. Or-egon guardsmen come from diverse backgrounds and bring top notch pri-vate sector skills to bear on behalf of the State and the country. The nearly 2,300 men and women now serving in the Oregon Air National Guard con-tribute to the long legacy of vol-unteerism and community service for which the organization is already so well known. As a Senator, it has always been one of my highest honors to represent the men and women of the Oregon Air and Army National Guards in Congress, and as an Oregonian, I am so proud of today’s Oregon Air National Guard and its rich heritage. It is a privilege to serve these heroes—active, retired, and those who have given their lives in de-fense of our nation and helping others. I know I speak for people in Oregon, across the country, and around the world when I thank the Oregon Air Na-tional Guard for 75 years of fabulous service, congratulate them on this his-toric milestone, and wish them contin-ued success in the years and decades to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 9:33 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 483. An act to improve enforcement ef-forts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes. S. 2512. An act to expand the tropical dis-ease product priority review voucher pro-gram to encourage treatments for Zika virus. 
At 10:15 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 1567. An act to authorize a com-prehensive, strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing coun-tries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food security and improved nutri-tion, promote inclusive, sustainable agricul-tural-led economic growth, improve nutri-tional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes. H.R. 2947. An act to amend title 11 of the United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institu-tion in bankruptcy. H.R. 4676. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolutions, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 115. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. H. Con. Res. 117. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Serv-ice and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. H. Con. Res. 120. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 3rd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congres-sional Flag Presentation Ceremony. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:25 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 192. An act to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other pur-poses. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2947. An act to amend title 11 of the United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institu-tion in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4676. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, April 13, 2016, she had presented the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 192. An act to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: EC–5101. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Alter-native to Fingerprinting Requirement for Foreign Natural Persons’’ (RIN3038–AE16) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5102. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Decreased As-sessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15– 0058) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–5103. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in ac-cordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5104. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of the Comptrol-ler’s 2015 Office of Minority and Women In-clusion Annual Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5105. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5106. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program; Deadline for Access Monitoring Review Plan Submissions’’ ((RIN0938–AS89) (CMS–2328-F2)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5107. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Postsecondary Education, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pro-gram Integrity Issues’’ (RIN1840–AD02) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5108. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–355, ‘‘Construction Codes Har-monization Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5109. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–356, ‘‘Neighborhood Engage-ment Achieves Results Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5110. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–357, ‘‘Walter Reed Develop-ment Omnibus Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.060 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2024 April 13, 2016 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–144. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Nevada memori-alizing the State of Nevada’s petition to the United States Congress calling for a conven-tion of the States for the purpose of pro-posing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 2 Resolved by the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada, jointly, That this legislature respectfully petitions the Congress of the United States to call a convention for the purpose of proposing the following article as an amendment to the Constitution of the United States. ‘‘A
RTICLE l’’ ‘‘Section 1. No provision of this Constitu-tion, or any amendment thereto, shall re-strict or limit any state in the apportion-ment of representation in its legislature. ‘‘Section 2. The judicial power of the United States shall not extend to any suit in law or equity, or to any controversy relating to apportionment of representation in a state legislature. ‘‘Section 3. This article shall be inoper-ative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the Leg-islatures of three-fourths of the several States within seven years from the date of its submission.’’ Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That if Congress shall have pro-posed an amendment to the Constitution identical with that contained in this resolu-tion prior to January 1, 1965, this application for a convention shall no longer be of any force or effect; and be it further, Resolved, That a duly attested copy of this resolution be immediately transmitted to the Secretary of the Senate of the United States, the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives of the United States and to each mem-ber of the Congress from this State. 
POM–145. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to citizenship and sovereignty; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. POM–146. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to the enacting of laws; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 2786. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for payments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 2787. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to provide the same level of Federal matching assistance for every State that chooses to expand Medicaid cov-erage to newly eligible individuals, regard-less of when such expansion takes place; to the Committee on Finance . By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. BAR-
RASSO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RUZ, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. 2788. A bill to prohibit closure of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to prohibit the transfer or release of detainees at that Naval Station to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. 2789. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a free on-line tax preparation and filing service and pro-grams that allow taxpayers to access third- party provided tax return information; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. LEE (for Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. C OR-
NYN)): S. 2790. A bill to provide requirements for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository in-stitution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional require-ments related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 2791. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed vet-erans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V
ITTER ): S. 2792. A bill to reestablish and enhance the Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. V
ITTER , and Ms. A YOTTE ): S. 2793. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to reauthorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. B URR, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. C OATS ): S. 2794. A bill to establish a process for the submission and consideration of petitions for temporary duty suspensions and reductions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. C RAPO ): S. 2795. A bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 2796. A bill to repeal certain obsolete laws relating to Indians; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 2797. A bill to establish the Refund to Rainy Day Savings Program; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LANKFORD: S. 2798. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to terminate the essential air service program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. PAUL): S.J. Res. 32. A joint resolution to provide limitations on the transfer of certain United States munitions from the United States to Saudi Arabia; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. Res. 419. A resolution congratulating the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team for winning the 2016 National Colle-giate Athletic Association division I men’s hockey championship; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. Res. 420. A resolution congratulating the 2016 national champion Augustana Vikings for their win in the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II Men’s Bas-ketball Tournament; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. Res. 421. A resolution congratulating the University of Connecticut Women’s Basket-ball Team for winning the 2016 National Col-legiate Athletic Association Division I title; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 422. A resolution supporting the mission and goals of 2016 ‘‘National Crime Victims’ Rights Week’’, which include in-creasing public awareness of the rights, needs, concerns of, and services available to assist victims and survivors of crime in the United States; considered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. Res. 423. A resolution congratulating the University of Minnesota Women’s Ice Hock-ey Team on winning the 2016 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Women’s Ice Hockey Championship; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BURR (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. Res. 424. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 151 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 151, a bill to require the Secretary of Defense to establish a process to deter-mine whether individuals claiming cer-tain service in the Philippines during World War II are eligible for certain benefits despite not being on the Mis-souri List, and for other purposes. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 386, a bill to limit the author-ity of States to tax certain income of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.012 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2025 April 13, 2016 
employees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 391 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 391, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
S. 577 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 577, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act to eliminate the corn ethanol mandate for renewable fuel. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to expand coverage under the Act, to increase protections for whistleblowers, to in-crease penalties for high gravity viola-tions, to adjust penalties for inflation, to provide rights for victims or their family members, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1444 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1444, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax regarding the taxation of distilled spirits. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1651 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1651, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Government pension offset and windfall elimination provisions. 
S. 1697 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. GARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1697, a bill to provide an ex-ception from certain group health plan requirements to allow small businesses to use pre-tax dollars to assist employ-ees in the purchase of policies in the individual health insurance market, and for other purposes. 
S. 2200 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2200, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
S. 2217 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2217, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the au-thority to bring proceedings under sec-tion 403A. 
S. 2283 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2283, a bill to ensure that small busi-ness providers of broadband Internet access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regu-latory requirements. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2385 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2385, a bill to strengthen protections for the remaining popu-lations of wild elephants, rhinoceroses, and other imperiled species through country-specific anti-poaching efforts and anti-trafficking strategies, to pro-mote the value of wildlife and natural resources, to curtail the demand for il-legal wildlife products in consumer countries, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2502 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2502, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement inves-tors receive advice in their best inter-ests, and for other purposes. S. 2505 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2505, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that retire-ment investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2577 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2577, a bill to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase re-search and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of foren-sic science laboratories and medical ex-aminer offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the per-formance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes. 
S. 2707 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Sen-ator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ), and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2707, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to nul-lify the proposed rule regarding defin-ing and delimiting the exemptions for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, to require the Secretary of Labor to conduct a full and complete economic analysis with improved economic data on small businesses, nonprofit employ-ers, Medicare or Medicaid dependent health care providers, and small gov-ernmental jurisdictions, and all other employers, and minimize the impact on such employers, before promulgating any substantially similar rule, and to provide a rule of construction regard-ing the salary threshold exemption under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, a bill to improve access to du-rable medical equipment for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.015 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2026 April 13, 2016 
S. 2770 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2770, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require providers of a covered service to provide call loca-tion information concerning the tele-communications device of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforcement officer in an emergency situation involving risk of death or se-rious physical injury or in order to re-spond to the user’s call for emergency services. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3286 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Sen-ator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3286 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3490 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3490 proposed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3548 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3548 intended to be proposed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3557 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3557 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3563 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3563 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3568 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3568 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 3591 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3591 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3624 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3624 intended to be proposed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3654 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3654 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3657 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3657 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3683 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 2796. A bill to repeal certain obso-lete laws relating to Indians; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I rise to introduce a bill to begin to ad-dress the list of historic wrongs against Native American citizens brought by the early U.S. Government. The idea that these laws were ever considered is disturbing, but the fact that these laws remain on our books is, at best, an oversight. Currently, Native Americans who are U.S. citizens just like you and me are still legally sub-ject to a series of obsolete, historically wrong statutes. These statutes are a sad reminder of the hostile aggression and overt racism that the Federal Gov-ernment exhibited toward Native Americans as the government at-tempted to assimilate them into what was considered modern society. In 2016, laws still exist that would allow for the forced removal of their children, who can be sent to boarding schools, and they can be denied rations if they refuse. They can still be subject to forced labor on their reservations as a condition of their receipt of supplies. Moreover, they can be denied funding if found drunk on a reservation. These statutes actually remain on the books of the land and, in many cases, are more than a century old and continue the stigma of subjugation and paternalism from that time period. It is without question that they should be stricken. We cannot adequately repair history, but we can move forward. Because of this, today I am introducing the RE-SPECT Act or the Repealing Existing Substandard Provisions Encouraging Conciliation with Tribes Act. I wish to list some of the 12 existing laws that the RESPECT Act will re-peal. In Chapter 25 of the United States Code, section 302, entitled ‘‘Education of Indians, Indian Reform School; rules and regulations; consent of parents to placing youth in reform school,’’ the Commissioner of Indian affairs was di-rected to place Indian youth in Indian reform schools without the consent of their parents. The issue of off-reservation Indian boarding schools, in particular, is a rightfully sensitive one for our Native Americans. Between 1879 and into the 20th century, at least 830,000 Indian children were taken to boarding schools to allegedly ‘‘civilize them.’’ Many parents were threatened with surrendering their children or their food rations. This law, in fact, is also still on the books. A requirement exists in section 283, entitled ‘‘Regulations for withholding rations for nonattendance at schools,’’ that the Secretary of the Interior could ‘‘prevent the issuing of rations or the furnishing of subsistence to the head of any Indian family for or on account of any Indian child or children between the ages of eight and twenty-one years who shall not have attended school in the preceding year in accordance with such regulations.’’ Yet there still exist other outdated laws relating to wartime status be-tween Indians and the United States, such as those found in section 72 of the Code, entitled ‘‘Abrogation of trea-ties.’’ Here the President was author-ized to declare all treaties with such tribes ‘‘abrogated if in his opinion any Indian tribe is in actual hostility to the United States.’’ In section 127, entitled ‘‘Moneys or annuities of hostile Indians,’’ moneys or annuities stipulated by any treaty with an Indian tribe could be stopped if the tribe ‘‘has engaged in hostilities against the United States, or against its citizens peacefully or lawfully so-journing or traveling within its juris-diction at the time of such hostilities.’’ Likewise, in section 128, entitled ‘‘Appropriations not paid to Indians at war with United States,’’ none of the appropriations made for the Indian Service could ‘‘be paid to any band of Indians or any portion of any band 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.017 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2027 April 13, 2016 
while at war with the United States or with the white citizens of any of the States or Territories.’’ Moreover, in section 138, entitled ‘‘Goods withheld from chiefs violating treaty stipulations,’’ delivery of goods or merchandise could be denied to the chiefs of any tribe by authority of any treaty ‘‘if such chiefs’’ had ‘‘violated the stipulations contained in such trea-ty.’’ Finally, in section 129, entitled ‘‘Moneys due Indians holding captives other than Indians withheld,’’ the Sec-retary of the Interior was ‘‘authorized to withhold, from any tribe of Indians who may hold any captives other than Indians, any moneys due them from the United States until said captives shall be surrendered to the lawful au-thorities of the United States.’’ In section 130, entitled ‘‘Withholding of moneys or goods on account of in-toxicating liquors,’’ racist identifica-tions tying drunkenness by Indians to receipt of funds still exist, stipulating that no ‘‘annuities, or moneys, or goods’’ could ‘‘be paid or distributed to Indians while they’’ were—and, once again, I will quote—‘‘under the influ-ence of any description of intoxicating liquor, nor while there are good and sufficient reasons leading the officers or agents, whose duty it may be to make such payments or distribution, to believe that there is any species of intoxicating liquor within convenient reach.’’ Mandatory work on reservations still exists in section 137, entitled ‘‘Supplies distributed to able-bodied males on condition.’’ Once again, I will quote from the text: ‘‘For the purpose of in-ducing Indians to labor and become self-supporting, it is provided that, in distributing the supplies and annuities to the Indians for whom the same are appropriated, the agent distributing the same could require all able-bodied male Indians between the ages of eight-een and forty-five to perform service upon the reservation, for the benefit of themselves or of the tribe’’ in return for supplies. Let me summarize what I said in the beginning. In the year 2016 in the United States, Native Americans—citi-zens like you and me—are still legally subject to outrageous, racist, and out-dated laws that were wrong at their in-ception. There is no place in our legal code for such laws. In my home State of South Dakota, which is home to 9 tribes and roughly 75,000 enrolled members, we strive to work together to constantly improve relationships and to mend our history through reconciliation and mutual re-spect. It is not always easy, but with our futures tied together, with our children in mind, reconciliation is something we are committed to. History also proves that since the onset of the government’s relationship with the tribes, it has been com-plicated and challenging over the years, sometimes downright dark and disrespectful, and to this day often has led to mistreatment by the Federal Government. As Governor of South Dakota, I pro-claimed 2010 the Year of Unity in South Dakota. This was done in rec-ognition of the need to continue build-ing upon the legacy and work of those who came before us. The year 2010 also marked the 20th anniversary of the Year of Reconciliation in South Da-kota, which was an effort by the late Governor George Mickelson as a way to bring all races together. The Year of Unity and the Year of Reconciliation were efforts to build upon a common purpose, acknowledge our differences, and yet find ways to work together. I suspect we could use a lot more of that in Washington, DC. While legislative bodies before us have taken steps to rectify our pre-vious failures relative to Native Ameri-cans, sadly, these laws remain, and out of a sense of justice, I believe we should repeal them. Imagine a scenario where descendants of those from Norway, Britain, Italy, or any other country for that matter, were treated with the same patronizing air of superiority. Only Native Americans face this dis-crimination, and it is long overdue to repeal these noxious laws. I would take this opportunity to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill and to put an end to this bla-tant discrimination against Native Americans. We can’t change our his-tory, but we can start to change the paternalistic mentality of the Federal Government toward the Native people. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 419—CON-GRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF NORTH DAKOTA MEN’S HOCK-EY TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2016 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I MEN’S HOCKEY CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 419 Whereas the University of North Dakota (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘UND’’) men’s hockey team won the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) division I men’s hockey championship game in Tampa Bay, Florida, on April 9, 2016, in a hard- fought victory over the Quinnipiac Univer-sity Bobcats of Connecticut by a score of 5 to 1; Whereas the UND men’s hockey team had an incredible 2015–16 season, during which Coach Brad Berry became the first head coach to win an NCAA division I men’s hock-ey national championship in an individual’s first season as head coach; Whereas the UND men’s hockey team won its eighth NCAA division I men’s hockey championship and ended the 2015–16 season with a 34–6–4 record; Whereas Coach Brad Berry and the coach-ing staff have instilled character and perse-verance in the UND men’s hockey team play-ers and have done an outstanding job coach-ing the UND men’s hockey program; Whereas under the leadership of Interim President Ed Schafer and Athletic Director Brian Faison, academic and athletic excel-lence has been promoted at UND; Whereas thousands of UND fans attended the NCAA division I men’s hockey champion-ship game, reflecting the tremendous fan base of UND, which showcases the spirit and dedication of UND hockey fans and has helped to propel the success of the UND men’s hockey team; and Whereas the UND men’s hockey team’s vic-tory in the 2016 NCAA division I men’s hock-ey championship was also a victory for the entire State of North Dakota: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team, the 2016 Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association divi-sion I men’s hockey champions; (2) commends the players, coaches, and staff of the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team for their hard work and dedication; and (3) recognizes the students, alumni, and loyal fans for supporting the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team on a suc-cessful quest to capture another National Collegiate Athletic Association division I men’s hockey championship trophy for the University of North Dakota. f SENATE RESOLUTION 420—CON-GRATULATING THE 2016 NA-TIONAL CHAMPION AUGUSTANA VIKINGS FOR THEIR WIN IN THE 2016 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION II MEN’S BASKETBALL TOUR-NAMENT Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 420 Whereas, on March 26, 2016, the Augustana University Vikings defeated the Lincoln Me-morial University Railsplitters 90 to 81 in the championship game of the National Col-legiate Athletic Association Division II Men’s Basketball Tournament in Frisco, Texas; Whereas this is the first national title for the Augustana Vikings basketball program and the third national title overall for the school; Whereas Augustana senior student athletes Daniel Jansen and Casey Schilling have been named 2 of 13 finalists for the Bevo Francis Award, which honors the player who had the best overall season within Small College Basketball; Whereas the Augustana coach, Tom Billeter, was named Coach of the Year by the National Association of Basketball Coaches; Whereas, during the 2015–2016 season, the Augustana Vikings finished with a record of 34–2; and Whereas the presence of 3 seniors and 4 juniors on the roster of the Augustana Vi-kings represents the commitment of those students to the university and the work of Augustana University to enshrine the ideal of the student athlete into the ethos of the university: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates and honors the Augustana University men’s basketball team and its loyal fans on the performance of the team in the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II Men’s Basketball Tournament; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.039 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2028 April 13, 2016 
(2) recognizes and commends the hard work, dedication, determination, and com-mitment to excellence of the players, par-ents, families, coaches, and managers of the team. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 421—CON-GRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF CONNECTICUT WOMEN’S BAS-KETBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2016 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION DIVI-SION I TITLE Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 421 Whereas, on Tuesday, April 5, 2016, the Uni-versity of Connecticut Women’s Basketball Team (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘UConn’’) won the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association (in this preamble re-ferred to as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I title with an 82-51 win over the Syracuse Orange at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis, Indiana; Whereas this is UConn’s fourth consecutive NCAA national championship and 11th NCAA national championship overall; Whereas Breanna Stewart was awarded the Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four for an unprecedented fourth time; Whereas UConn finished the 2015-2016 sea-son with a record of 38-0 and extended its winning streak to 75 games; Whereas UConn has won 122 of its last 123 games, with each win coming by double dig-its; and Whereas Geno Auriemma passed John Wooden for the most national championships won by any head coach in NCAA Division I basketball history: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the University of Con-necticut Women’s Basketball Team for win-ning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I title; (2) congratulates the fans, students, and faculty of the University of Connecticut; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the President of the University of Con-necticut, Susan Herbst; and (B) the Head Coach of the University of Connecticut Women’s Basketball Team, Luigi ‘‘Geno’’ Auriemma. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 422—SUP-PORTING THE MISSION AND GOALS OF 2016 ‘‘NATIONAL CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS WEEK’’, WHICH INCLUDE INCREASING PUBLIC AWARENESS OF THE RIGHTS, NEEDS, CONCERNS OF, AND SERVICES AVAILABLE TO ASSIST VICTIMS AND SUR-VIVORS OF CRIME IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 422 Whereas individuals in the United States are the victims of more than 20,000,000 crimes each year; Whereas crime can touch the lives of any-one, irrespective of age, race, national ori-gin, religion, or gender; Whereas a just society acknowledges the impact of crime on individuals, families, schools, and communities by— (1) protecting the rights of crime victims and survivors; and (2) ensuring that resources and services are available to help rebuild the lives of the vic-tims and survivors; Whereas, as of 2008, the most conservative estimate for the economic cost of violent and property crimes in the United States was $17,000,000,000 per year; Whereas that economic cost does not ac-count for the struggle of a crime victim to be made whole or losses that result from being the victim of a crime, including losses of psychological, emotional, and physical well- being; Whereas despite impressive accomplish-ments between 1974 and 2016 in increasing the rights of, and services available to, crime victims and survivors and the families of the victims and survivors, many challenges re-main to ensure that all crime victims and survivors and the families of the victims and survivors are— (1) treated with dignity, fairness, and re-spect; (2) offered support and services, regardless of whether the victims and survivors report crimes committed against them; and (3) recognized as key participants within the criminal, juvenile, Federal, and tribal justice systems in the United States when the victims and survivors report crimes; Whereas crime victims and survivors in the United States and the families of the victims and survivors need and deserve support and assistance to help cope with the often dev-astating consequences of crime; Whereas, during each year beginning in 1984 through 2015, communities across the United States joined Congress and the De-partment of Justice in commemorating ‘‘Na-tional Crime Victims’ Rights Week’’ to cele-brate a shared vision of a comprehensive and collaborative response that identifies and ad-dresses the many needs of crime victims and survivors and the families of the victims and survivors; Whereas Congress and the President agree on the need for a renewed commitment to serve all victims and survivors of crime in the 21st century; Whereas the theme of 2016 ‘‘National Crime Victims’ Rights Week’’, celebrated during the week of April 10 through April 16, 2016, is ‘‘Serving Victims; Building Trust; Restoring Hope’’ and highlights the collaborative and multifaceted effort to provide comprehensive and quality support to survivors; Whereas engaging communities in victim assistance is essential to promoting indi-vidual and public safety; Whereas the United States must empower crime victims and survivors by— (1) protecting the legal rights of the vic-tims and survivors; and (2) providing the victims and survivors with services to help them in the aftermath of crime; and Whereas the people of the United States recognize and appreciate the continued im-portance of— (1) promoting the rights of and services for crime victims and survivors; and (2) honoring crime victims and survivors and individuals who provide services for the victims and survivors: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the mission and goals of 2016 ‘‘National Crime Victims’ Rights Week’’, which include increasing individual and pub-lic awareness of— (A) the impact of crime on victims and sur-vivors and the families of the victims and survivors; (B) the challenges to achieving justice for victims and survivors of crime and the fami-lies of the victims and survivors; and (C) the many solutions to meet those chal-lenges; and (2) recognizes that crime victims and sur-vivors and the families of the victims and survivors should be treated with dignity, fairness, and respect. f SENATE RESOLUTION 423—CON-GRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA WOMEN’S ICE HOCKEY TEAM ON WINNING THE 2016 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION WOMEN’S ICE HOCKEY CHAMPIONSHIP Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 423 Whereas, on Sunday, March 20, 2016, the University of Minnesota Gophers won the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Women’s Ice Hockey Championship against previously undefeated Boston College by a score of 3 to 1; Whereas, on Friday, March 18, 2016, Sarah Potomak scored the game-winning goal in overtime to give the University of Minnesota a 3-2 win over rival University of Wisconsin in a Frozen Four semifinal game and ad-vance to the national championship game for the fifth consecutive year; Whereas the University of Minnesota Wom-en’s Ice Hockey Team won an impressive 35 games during the 2015-2016 season; Whereas the University of Minnesota Wom-en’s Ice Hockey Team has won 4 of the last 5 national championships; Whereas the University of Minnesota Wom-en’s Ice Hockey Team has won 7 national championships overall, including back-to- back championships in 2004 and 2005, 2012 and 2013, and 2015 and 2016; Whereas the University of Minnesota Wom-en’s Ice Hockey Team has the most NCAA Women’s Ice Hockey Championships and NCAA Women’s Ice Hockey Tournament wins; and Whereas the University of Minnesota Wom-en’s Ice Hockey program— (1) benefits from 7 years of steady leader-ship from Head Coach Brad Frost; (2) features 3 All-Americans, as named by the American Hockey Coaches Association, on the 2015-2016 team; (3) has a remarkable roster of players, in-cluding Amanda Kessel, Sarah Potomak, Amanda Leveille, and Lee Stecklein, all of whom were named to the 2016 Frozen Four All-Tournament Team; and (4) has a multitude of players, past and present, who have represented the United States in Olympic competition: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes— (1) the University of Minnesota Women’s Ice Hockey Team on winning the 2016 Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association Wom-en’s Ice Hockey Championship; and (2) the achievements of the players, coach-es, staff, and fans who contributed to the championship season. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.022 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2029 April 13, 2016 
SENATE RESOLUTION 424—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF TAKE OUR DAUGH-TERS AND SONS TO WORK DAY Mr. BURR (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 424 Whereas the Take Our Daughters To Work program was created in New York City as a response to research that showed that, by the 8th grade, many girls were dropping out of school, had low self-esteem, and lacked confidence; Whereas, in 2003, the name of the program was changed to ‘‘Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work’’ so that boys who face many of the same challenges as girls could also be involved in the program; Whereas, in 2016, the mission of the pro-gram, to develop ‘‘innovative strategies that empower girls and boys to overcome societal barriers to reach their full potential’’, fully reflects the addition of boys; Whereas the Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Foundation, a nonprofit organiza-tion, has grown to be one of the largest pub-lic awareness campaigns, with more than 39,000,000 participants annually in more than 3,000,000 organizations and workplaces rep-resenting each State; Whereas, in 2007, the Take Our Daughters To Work program transitioned to Elizabeth City, North Carolina, became known as the Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Foundation, and received national recogni-tion for its dedication to future generations; Whereas, every year, mayors, governors, and other private and public officials sign proclamations and lend support to Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day; Whereas the fame of the Take Our Daugh-ters And Sons To Work program has spread overseas, with requests and inquiries being made from around the world on how to oper-ate the program; Whereas 2016 marks the 23rd anniversary of the Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work program; Whereas Take Our Daughters And Sons to Work Day will be observed on Thursday, April 28, 2016; and Whereas, by offering opportunities for chil-dren to experience activities and events, Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day is intended to continue helping millions of girls and boys on an annual basis to examine their opportunities and strive to reach their fullest potential: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the goals of introducing our daughters and sons to the workplace; and (2) commends all participants of Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day for the— (A) ongoing contributions that the partici-pants make to education; and (B) vital role that the participants play in promoting and ensuring a brighter, stronger future for the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3685. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. R
EID) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for him- self and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing lim-itations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3686. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, and Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3687. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3688. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3689. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3690. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3691. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3692. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3693. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3694. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3695. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3696. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3697. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3698. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3699. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3700. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3701. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3702. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3703. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3704. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. L
EE, and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3705. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3706. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3707. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. S
ESSIONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3708. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3709. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3710. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3711. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3712. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3713. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.026 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2030 April 13, 2016 
proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3714. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3715. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3716. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3717. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3718. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. C OONS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3719. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3720. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3721. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3722. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3723. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3724. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3725. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3726. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3727. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. MURRAY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3728. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3729. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3730. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3731. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3732. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3733. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3734. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3735. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3736. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3737. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for him- self and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3738. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3739. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for him- self and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3740. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3741. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. MCCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3742. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3743. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3744. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3745. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3746. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3747. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3748. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3749. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3750. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3751. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3752. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3753. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3754. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3755. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.028 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2031 April 13, 2016 
NELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3756. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3757. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3758. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3759. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3760. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3761. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3762. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3763. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3764. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3765. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3766. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3767. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3768. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3769. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3770. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. MCCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3771. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3772. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3773. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3774. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3775. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3776. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3777. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3778. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3779. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. M CCAIN) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3780. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3781. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3782. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3783. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3784. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-NELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3785. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for him- self and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3786. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3787. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3788. Mr. INHOFE (for Mr. C
ASEY ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1493, to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3685. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. R
EID) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. EXPANSION OF ALLOWABLE COSTS UNDER PORT OF ENTRY PARTNER-SHIP PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 559(e)(3) of the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) F
OR CERTAIN COSTS .—The authority found in this subsection may only be used at U.S. Customs and Border Protection-serviced air ports of entry to enter into reimbursable fee agreements for— ‘‘(i) salaries and expenses of not more than 5 full-time equivalent U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers; ‘‘(ii) costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the payment of over-time to employees; ‘‘(iii) the salaries and expenses of individ-uals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers in performing law en-forcement functions at ports of entry, in-cluding primary and secondary processing of passengers; and ‘‘(iv) other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to services described in paragraph (2), such as tem-porary placement or permanent relocation of such individuals.’’; and (2) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) T
RANSITION RULE.—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may modify a reimbursable fee agreement entered into under section 559 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note), as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, to include costs specified in subsection (e)(3)(B) of that sec-tion, as amended by subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.030 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2032 April 13, 2016 
SEC. 5038. EXPANSION OF ALLOWABLE COSTS UNDER CERTAIN REIMBURSABLE SERVICES AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 560(g) of the De-partment of Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113– 6; 127 Stat. 380) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) The authority found in this section may be used only at U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection-serviced air ports of entry to enter into reimbursable fee agreements for— ‘‘(1) salaries and expenses of not more than 5 full-time equivalent U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers; ‘‘(2) costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for payment of overtime to employees; ‘‘(3) the salaries and expenses of individ-uals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers in performing law en-forcement functions at ports of entry, in-cluding primary and secondary processing of passengers; and ‘‘(4) other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection services, such as temporary placement or permanent reloca-tion of such individuals.’’. (b) T
RANSITION RULE.—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may modify a reimbursable fee agreement entered into under section 560 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378), as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, to include costs speci-fied in subsection (g) of that section, as amended by subsection (a). 
SA 3686. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. OBSTRUCTION EVALUATION AERO-NAUTICAL STUDIES. 
The Secretary of Transportation may im-plement the policy set forth in the notice of proposed policy entitled ‘‘Proposal To Con-sider the Impact of One Engine Inoperative Procedures in Obstruction Evaluation Aero-nautical 7 Studies’’ published by the Depart-ment of Transportation on April 28, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 23300), only if the policy is adopted pursuant to a notice and comment rule-making. 
SA 3687. Mr. KAINE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 158, line 8, strike ‘‘an inspection or other investigation’’ and insert ‘‘an accident finding, inspection, or other investigation’’. On page 159, line 17, strike ‘‘an inspection or other investigation’’ and insert ‘‘an acci-dent finding, inspection, or other investiga-tion’’. Strike section 5013. 
SA 3688. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EXTENSION OF ADVANCED BIOFUEL TAX INCENTIVES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF SECOND GENERATION  B
IOFUEL PRODUCER CREDIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 40(b)(6)(J)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to quali-fied second generation biofuel production after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) E
XTENSION OF SPECIAL ALLOWANCE FOR  S
ECOND GENERATION BIOFUEL PLANT PROP-
ERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 168(l)(2)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to prop-erty placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) E
XTENSION OF EXCISE TAXINCENTIVES  
FORALTERNATIVE FUELS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6426 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(5), by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’, and (B) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (2) P
AYMENTS .—Section 6427(e)(6)(C) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall apply to fuel sold or used after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) E
XTENSION OF CREDIT FOR ALTERNATIVE  F
UELVEHICLE REFUELING PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 30C(g) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to prop-erty placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3689. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. INVESTMENT TAX CREDIT FOR COM-MUNITY WIND PROJECTS HAVING GENERATION CAPACITY OF NOT MORE THAN 20 MEGAWATTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Distributed and Community Wind Energy Act’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 48(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified small wind energy property’ means— ‘‘(i) property which uses a qualifying small wind turbine to generate electricity, or ‘‘(ii) property which uses 1 or more wind turbines with an aggregate nameplate capac-ity of more than 100 kilowatts but not more than 20 megawatts.’’, (2) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D) and by inserting after sub-paragraph (B) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be appro-priate to prevent improper division of prop-erty to attempt to meet the limitation under subparagraph (A)(ii).’’, and (3) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. (c) D
ENIAL OF PRODUCTION CREDIT .—Para- graph (1) of section 45(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or any facil-ity which is a qualified small wind energy property described in section 48(c)(4)(A)(ii) with respect to which the credit under sec-tion 48 is allowable.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 3690. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1305. AIRPORT VEHICLE EMISSIONS. 
Section 40117(a)(3)(G) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(G) A project to reduce emissions under subchapter I of chapter 471 or to use cleaner burning conventional fuels, or for acquiring for use at a commercial service airport vehi-cles or ground support equipment that in-clude low-emission technology or use cleaner burning fuels, or if the airport is located in an air quality nonattainment area (as de-fined in section 171(2) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7501(2))) or a maintenance area re-ferred to in section 175A of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7505a), a project to retrofit any such vehicles or equipment that are powered by a diesel or gasoline engine with emission con-trol technologies certified or verified by the Environmental Protection Agency to reduce emissions, if such project would be able to receive emission credits for the project from the governing State or Federal environ-mental agency as described in section 47139.’’. 
SA 3691. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.033 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2033 April 13, 2016 
SEC. lll. REGULATIONS PROHIBITING THE IM-POSITION OF FEES THAT ARE NOT REASONABLE AND PROPORTIONAL TO THE COSTS INCURRED. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
IR CARRIER .—The term ‘‘air carrier’’ means any air carrier that holds an air car-rier certificate under section 41101 of title 49, United States Code. (2) I
NTERSTATE AIR TRANSPORTATION .—The term ‘‘interstate air transportation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (b) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall prescribe regulations— (1) prohibiting an air carrier from imposing fees described in subsection (c) that are un-reasonable or disproportional to the costs in-curred by the air carrier; and (2) establishing standards for assessing whether such fees are reasonable and propor-tional to the costs incurred by the air car-rier. (c) F
EESDESCRIBED .—The fees described in this subsection are— (1) any fee for a change or cancellation of a reservation for a flight in interstate air transportation; (2) any fee relating to checked baggage to be transported on a flight in interstate air transportation; and (3) any other fee imposed by an air carrier relating to a flight in interstate air trans-portation. (d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the standards required by subsection (b)(2), the Secretary shall consider— (1) with respect to a fee described in sub-section (c)(1) imposed by an air carrier for a change or cancellation of a flight reserva-tion— (A) any net benefit or cost to the air car-rier from the change or cancellation, taking into consideration— (i) the ability of the air carrier to antici-pate the expected average number of can-cellations and changes and make reserva-tions accordingly; (ii) the ability of the air carrier to fill a seat made available by a change or cancella-tion; (iii) any difference in the fare likely to be paid for a ticket sold to another passenger for a seat made available by the change or cancellation, as compared to the fare paid by the passenger who changed or canceled the passenger’s reservation; and (iv) the likelihood that the passenger changing or cancelling the passenger’s res-ervation will fill a seat on another flight by the same air carrier; (B) the costs of processing the change or cancellation electronically; and (C) any related labor costs; (2) with respect to a fee described in sub-section (c)(2) imposed by an air carrier relat-ing to checked baggage— (A) the costs of processing checked bag-gage electronically; and (B) any related labor costs; and (3) any other considerations the Secretary considers appropriate. (e) U
PDATED REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall update the standards required by sub-section (b)(2) not less frequently than once every 3 years. 
SA 3692. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. AUTHORITY FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS AND EXPLOSIVE DETEC-TION CANINES AT AIRPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administration of the Transportation Security Administration shall require that the air transportation se-curity program required by section 44903(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, for each covered airport include the following: (1) Beginning not more than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, that a State or local law enforcement officer is sta-tioned not more than 300 feet from each pas-senger screening checkpoint at each covered airport. (2) Beginning not more than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, that an explosives detection canine team of a State or local law enforcement agency is as-signed to each terminal at each covered air-port. (b) T
ECHNICAL SUPPORT .—The Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall provide technical and other support to State or local law enforce-ment agencies providing the personnel de-scribed in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a). (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ATEGORY I AIRPORT .—The term ‘‘Cat-egory I airport’’ means an airport subject to the security program requirements of sec-tion 1542.103(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regula-tion), where the aircraft operator or foreign air carrier is subject to section 1544.101(a)(1) or 1546.101(a) of such title (or similar suc-cessor regulation) and the number of annual enplanements is 5,000,000 or more and the number of international enplanements is 1,000,000 or more. (2) C
ATEGORY X AIRPORT .—The term ‘‘Cat-egory X airport’’ means an airport subject to the security program requirements of sec-tion 1542.103(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regula-tion), where the aircraft operator or foreign air carrier is subject to section 1544.101(a)(1) or 1546.101(a) of such title (or similar suc-cessor regulation) and the number of annual enplanements— (A) is 1,250,000 or more and less than 5,000,000; or (B) is 5,000,000 or more but the number of annual international enplanements is less than 1,000,000. (3) C
OVERED AIRPORT .—The term ‘‘covered airport’’ means a Category X airport or a Category I airport. (d) F
UNDING .—Out of funds made available to the Transportation Security Administra-tion for fiscal year 2016, $20,000,000 shall be available for State and local law enforce-ment agencies, as a transfer of funds, to train, certify, and utilize explosives detec-tion canines. 
SA 3693. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: Subtitle G—Arm All Pilots Act 
SEC. 2701. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Arm All Pilots Act of 2016’’. SEC. 2702. FACILITATION OF AND LIMITATIONS ON TRAINING OF FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFICERS. 
(a) I MPROVED ACCESS TO TRAINING FACILI -
TIES.—Section 44921(c)(2)(C)(ii) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The training of’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The training of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) A
CCESS TO TRAINING FACILITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Arm All Pilots Act of 2016, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(aa) designate 5 additional firearms train-ing facilities located in various regions of the United States for Federal flight deck of-ficers relative to the number of such facili-ties available on the day before such date of enactment; ‘‘(bb) designate firearms training facilities approved before such date of enactment for recurrent training of Federal flight deck of-ficers as facilities approved for initial train-ing and certification of pilots seeking to be deputized as Federal flight deck officers; and ‘‘(cc) designate additional firearms train-ing facilities for recurrent training of Fed-eral flight deck officers relative to the num-ber of such facilities available on the day be-fore such date of enactment.’’. (b) F
IREARMS REQUALIFICATION FOR FED-
ERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFICERS .—Section 44921(c)(2)(C)(iii) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Under Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall’’; (2) in subclause (I), as designated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary, but not more frequently than once every 6 months,’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) U
SE OF FACILITIES FOR REQUALIFICA -
TION.—The Secretary shall allow a Federal flight deck officer to requalify to carry a firearm under the program through training at a private or government-owned gun range certified to provide firearm requalification training. ‘‘(III) S
ELF-REPORTING .—The Secretary shall determine that a Federal flight deck officer has met the requirements to requalify to carry a firearm under the program if— ‘‘(aa) the officer reports to the Secretary that the officer has participated in a suffi-cient number of hours of training to re-qualify to carry a firearm under the pro-gram; and ‘‘(bb) the administrator of the facility at which the officer conducted the requalifica-tion training verifies that the officer partici-pated in that number of hours of training.’’. (c) L
IMITATIONS ON TRAINING .—Section 44921(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) L
IMITATIONS ON TRAINING .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL TRAINING .—The Secretary may require— ‘‘(I) initial training of not more than 5 days for a pilot to be deputized as a Federal flight deck officer; ‘‘(II) the pilot to be physically present at the training facility for not more than 2 days of such training; and ‘‘(III) not more than 3 days of such training to be in the form of certified online training administered by the Department of Home-land Security. ‘‘(ii) R
ECURRENT TRAINING .—The Secretary may require— ‘‘(I) recurrent training of not more than 2 days, not more frequently than once every 5 years, for a pilot to maintain deputization as a Federal flight deck officer; ‘‘(II) the pilot to be physically present at the training facility for a full-day training session for not more than one day of such training; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.037 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2034 April 13, 2016 
‘‘(III) not more than one day of such train-ing to be in the form of certified online training administered by the Department of Homeland Security.’’. (d) O
THER MEASURES TO FACILITATE TRAIN-
ING.—Section 44921(e) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Pilots participating’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Pilots participating’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) F
ACILITATION OF TRAINING .— ‘‘(A) T
IME OFF FOR TRAINING .—An air car-rier shall permit a Federal flight deck officer or a pilot seeking to be deputized as a Fed-eral flight deck officer to, in consultation with the air carrier, take a reasonable amount of leave from work to participate in initial and recurrent training for the pro-gram. An air carrier shall not be obligated to provide such an officer or pilot compensation for such leave. ‘‘(B) P
RACTICE AMMUNITION .—At the request of a Federal flight deck officer, the Sec-retary shall provide to the officer sufficient practice ammunition to conduct at least one practice course every month.’’. 
SEC. 2703. CARRIAGE OF FIREARMS BY FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFICERS. 
(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Section 44921(f) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall au-thorize a Federal flight deck officer to carry a firearm while engaged in providing air transportation or intrastate air transpor-tation. The authority provided to a Federal flight deck officer under this paragraph in-cludes the authority to carry a firearm— ‘‘(A) on the officer’s body, loaded, and holstered; ‘‘(B) when traveling to a flight duty assign-ment, throughout the duty assignment, and when traveling from a flight duty assign-ment to the officer’s home or place where the officer is residing when traveling; and ‘‘(C) in the passenger cabin and while trav-eling in a cockpit jump seat. ‘‘(2) C
ONCEALED CARRY .—A Federal flight deck officer shall make reasonable efforts to keep the officer’s firearm concealed when in public. ‘‘(3) P
URCHASE OF FIREARM BY OFFICER .— Notwithstanding subsection (c)(1), a Federal flight deck officer may purchase a firearm and carry that firearm aboard an aircraft of which the officer is the pilot in accordance with this section if the firearm is of a type that may be used under the program.’’. (b) C
ARRIAGE OF FIREARMS ON INTER -
NATIONAL FLIGHTS .—Paragraph (5) of section 44921(f), as redesignated by subsection (a)(1), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) C
ARRYING FIREARMS OUTSIDE UNITED  
STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary may take such action as may be necessary to ensure that a Federal flight deck officer may carry a firearm in a foreign country whenever nec-essary to participate in the program. ‘‘(B) C
ONSISTENCY WITH FEDERAL AIR MAR -
SHAL PROGRAM .—Notwithstanding standard 4.7.7 of Annex 17 to the Convention on Inter-national Civil Aviation, done at Chicago De-cember 7, 1944, and entered into force April 4, 1947 (TIAS 1591), the Secretary shall work to make policies relating to the carriage of fire-arms on flights in foreign air transportation by Federal flight deck officers consistent with the policies of the Federal air marshal program for carrying firearms on such flights.’’. (c) C
ARRIAGE OF FIREARM IN PASSENGER  C
ABIN.— (1) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 44921 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require a Federal flight deck officer to place a firearm in a locked container, or in any other man-ner render the firearm unavailable, when the cockpit door is opened.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 44921(b)(3) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (G); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) through (N) as subparagraphs (G) through (M), respectively. (d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration shall— (1) prescribe regulations on the proper storage of firearms when a Federal flight deck officer is at home or where the officer is residing when traveling; and (2) revise the procedural requirements es-tablished under section 44921(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, to implement the amendments made by subsection (c). 
SEC. 2704. PHYSICAL STANDARDS FOR FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFICERS. 
Section 44921(d)(2) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-tively, and by moving such clauses, as so re-designated, 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘A pilot is’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A pilot is’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ONSISTENCY WITH REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN MEDICAL CERTIFICATES .—In estab-lishing standards under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Secretary may not establish medical or physical standards for a pilot to become a Federal flight deck officer that are incon-sistent with or more stringent than the re-quirements of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration for the issuance of a first- or second- class airman medical certificate under part 67 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or rul-ing).’’. 
SEC. 2705. TRANSFER OF FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFICERS FROM INACTIVE TO AC-TIVE STATUS. 
Section 44921(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) T
RANSFER FROM INACTIVE TO ACTIVE  
STATUS .—A pilot deputized as a Federal flight deck officer who moves to inactive status for less than 5 years may return to ac-tive status after completing one program of recurrent training described in subsection (c).’’. 
SEC. 2706. FACILITATION OF SECURITY SCREEN-ING OF FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OF-FICERS. 
Section 44921, as amended by section 2703(c)(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) F
ACILITATION OF SECURITY SCREENING  
OFFEDERAL FLIGHT DECKOFFICERS .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR EXPEDITED SCREEN -
ING.—The Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall allow a Federal flight deck officer to be screened through the crew member identity verification program of the Transportation Security Administration (commonly known as the ‘Known Crew Member program’) when entering the sterile area of an airport. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON PAPERWORK .—The Sec- retary may not require a Federal flight deck officer to fill out any forms or paperwork when entering the sterile area of an airport. ‘‘(3) S
TERILE AREA DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘sterile area’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or any cor-responding similar regulation or ruling).’’. SEC. 2707. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
Section 44921, as amended by this subtitle, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity’’; (2) in subsection (d)(4), by striking ‘‘may,’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (3) in subsection (i)(2), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (4) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); and (B) by striking ‘‘A
PPLICABILITY ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘This section’’ and in-serting ‘‘A
PPLICABILITY .—This section’’; (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) P
ILOT.—The term ‘pilot’ means an in-dividual who has final authority and respon-sibility for the operation and safety of the flight or any other flight deck crew member. ‘‘(2) A
LL-CARGO AIR TRANSPORTATION .—The term ‘air transportation’ includes all-cargo air transportation.’’; and (6) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
SEC. 2708. REFUNDS OF CERTAIN SECURITY SERVICE FEES FOR AIR CARRIERS WITH FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFI-CERS ON ALL FLIGHTS. 
Section 44940 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) R
EFUND OF FEES FOR AIRCARRIERS  W
ITHFEDERAL FLIGHT DECKOFFICERS ON ALL F
LIGHTS .—From fees received in a fiscal year under subsection (a)(1), each air carrier that certifies to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity that all flights operated by the air car-rier have on board a pilot deputized as a Fed-eral flight deck officer under section 44921 shall receive an amount equal to 10 percent of the fees collected under subsection (a)(1) from passengers on flights operated by that air carrier in that fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 2709. TREATMENT OF INFORMATION ABOUT FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFICERS AS SENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMA-TION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall revise section 15.5(b)(11) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to classify information about pilots deputized as Federal flight deck officers under section 44921 of title 49, United States Code, as sensitive security information in a manner consistent with the classification of information about Federal air marshals. 
SEC. 2710. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall prescribe such reg-ulations as may be necessary to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
SA 3694. Mr. KAINE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 234, line 9, insert ‘‘, aviation safety engineers,’’ after ‘‘specialists’’. 
SA 3695. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.037 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2035 April 13, 2016 
1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 63, line 14, insert ‘‘, except those operated for news gathering activities pro-tected by the First Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States’’ after ‘‘sys-tem’’. 
SA 3696. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle A of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2144. PROHIBITION ON OPERATION OF UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT CARRYING A WEAPON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 463 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 46320. Prohibition on operation of un-manned aircraft carrying a weapon ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A person shall not oper-ate an unmanned aircraft with a weapon at-tached to, installed on, or otherwise carried by the aircraft. ‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .—A person who violates subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall be liable to the United States Government for a civil penalty of not more than $27,500; and ‘‘(2) may be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(c) N
ONAPPLICATION TO PUBLIC AIR-
CRAFT .—This section does not apply to public aircraft. ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the authority of the Administrator with respect to manned or unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT .—The term ‘un-manned aircraft’ has the meaning given that term in section 44801. ‘‘(2) W
EAPON .—The term ‘weapon’— ‘‘(A) means a weapon, device, instrument, material, or substance, animate or inani-mate, that is used for, or is readily capable of, causing death or serious bodily injury; and ‘‘(B) includes a firearm or destructive de-vice (as those terms are defined in section 921 of title 18).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 46301(d)(2) of such title is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘section 46320,’’ before ‘‘or section 47107(b)’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 463 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 46319 the following: ‘‘46320. Prohibition on operation of un-manned aircraft carrying a weapon.’’. 
SA 3697. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REIMBURSEMENT FOR AIRPORT SECU-RITY PROJECTS. 
Paragraph (3) of section 44923(h) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(3) D
ISCRETIONARY GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount made available under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, up to $ 50,000,000 shall be used to make discretionary grants, including other trans-action agreements for airport security im-provement projects, with priority given to small hub airports and nonhub airports. ‘‘(B) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—For each fiscal year, of the amount available under para-graph (1), up to $20,000,000 shall be made available for reimbursement to airports that have incurred eligible costs under section 1604(b)(2) of the Implementing Recommenda-tions of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53; 121 Stat. 481).’’. 
SA 3698. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROMOTION OF EXIT LANE BREACH CONTROL TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Ad-ministration. (3) E
XIT LANE BREACH CONTROL TECH -
NOLOGY .—The term ‘‘exit lane breach control technology’’ refers to any automated sys-tem, or series of systems, designed to mon-itor exit points from an airport sterile area. (4) S
TERILE AREA .—The term ‘‘sterile area’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling) (b) S
TANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop standards and requirements for the use of exit lane breach control technology at air-ports. (2) Q
UALIFIED PRODUCT LIST .—The Adminis-trator shall establish, publically post, and maintain a qualified product list of exit land breach control technology that shall in-cludes all previously-approved systems. (c) B
ENEFITS FOR AIRPORTS USING EXIT L
ANEBREACH CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .— (1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS .—If an airport deploys, on a nonreimbursable basis, exit lane breach control technology that satisfies the standards and requirements developed under subsection (b) and the deployment re-sults in the need for fewer employees of the Administration to monitor exit points from an airport sterile area, the airport’s Federal security director may reallocate such em-ployees to other transportation security mis-sions, including passenger screening, within that airport if the Administrator certifies that the reallocation will not negatively im-pact the security of that airport. (2) N
O LOSS OF ADMINISTRATION EMPLOY -
EES.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may not decrease, under the Staffing Allocation Model, any successor allocation process, or any other circumstances, the number of em-ployees of the Administration assigned to an airport that deploys, on a nonreimbursable basis, exit lane breach control technology that satisfies the standards and require-ments developed under subsection (b) on the basis that the deployment results in the need for fewer such employees to provide security for sterile areas of the airport. (B) MINIMUM STAFFING LEVELS .—Subject to subparagraph (C), if an airport is eligible for the Administrator to reallocate employees under paragraph (1), the Administrator— (i) shall determine the minimum number of full-time equivalent employees of the Ad-ministration required for that airport prior to the deployment of the exit lane breach control technology; and (ii) may not allocate a number of employ-ees of the Administration for that airport for any year that is less than such minimum number. (C) W
AIVER OF MINIMUM STAFFING LEVELS .— If the Administrator has determined a min-imum number of full-time equivalent em-ployees of the Administration required for an airport under subparagraph (B)(i), the Ad-ministrator may only allocate a number of employees of the Administration for that airport that is less than such minimum num-ber if the total passenger count for that air-port in any 6-month period declines more than 5 percent compared to the same 6- month period during the preceding calendar year. (D) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—The Ad- ministrator shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives not less than 45 days prior to making an allocation authorized under sub-paragraph (C). (d) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR MONITORING PAS-
SENGER EXITPOINTS .—If an airport is eligible for the Administrator to reallocate employ-ees under subsection (c)(1), the Adminis-trator shall have met the responsibility of the Administration to monitor passenger exit points required by subsection (n) of sec-tion 44903 of title 49, United States Code. 
SA 3699. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROMOTION OF EXIT LANE BREACH CONTROL TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Ad-ministration. (3) E
XIT LANE BREACH CONTROL TECH -
NOLOGY .—The term ‘‘exit lane breach control technology’’ refers to any automated sys-tem, or series of systems, designed to mon-itor exit points from an airport sterile area. (4) S
TERILE AREA .—The term ‘‘sterile area’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.038 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2036 April 13, 2016 
(b) S TANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop standards and requirements for the use of exit lane breach control technology at air-ports. (2) Q
UALIFIED PRODUCT LIST .—The Adminis-trator shall establish, publically post, and maintain a qualified product list of exit land breach control technology that shall in-cludes all previously-approved systems. (c) B
ENEFITS FOR AIRPORTS USING EXIT L
ANEBREACH CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .— (1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS .—If an airport deploys, on a nonreimbursable basis, exit lane breach control technology that satisfies the standards and requirements developed under subsection (b) and the deployment re-sults in the need for fewer employees of the Administration to monitor exit points from an airport sterile area, the airport’s Federal security director may reallocate such em-ployees to other transportation security mis-sions, including passenger screening, within that airport if the Administrator certifies that the reallocation will not negatively im-pact the security of that airport. (2) N
O LOSS OF ADMINISTRATION EMPLOY -
EES.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may not decrease, under the Staffing Allocation Model, any successor allocation process, or any other circumstances, the number of em-ployees of the Administration assigned to an airport that deploys, on a nonreimbursable basis, exit lane breach control technology that satisfies the standards and require-ments developed under subsection (b) on the basis that the deployment results in the need for fewer such employees to provide security for sterile areas of the airport. (B) M
INIMUM STAFFING LEVELS .—Subject to subparagraph (C), if an airport is eligible for the Administrator to reallocate employees under paragraph (1), the Administrator— (i) shall determine the minimum number of full-time equivalent employees of the Ad-ministration required for that airport prior to the deployment of the exit lane breach control technology; and (ii) may not allocate a number of employ-ees of the Administration for that airport for any year that is less than such minimum number. (C) W
AIVER OF MINIMUM STAFFING LEVELS .— If the Administrator has determined a min-imum number of full-time equivalent em-ployees of the Administration required for an airport under subparagraph (B)(i), the Ad-ministrator may only allocate a number of employees of the Administration for that airport that is less than such minimum num-ber if the total passenger count for that air-port in any 6-month period declines more than 5 percent compared to the same 6- month period during the preceding calendar year. (D) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—The Ad- ministrator shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives not less than 45 days prior to making an allocation authorized under sub-paragraph (C). (d) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR MONITORING PAS-
SENGER EXITPOINTS .—If an airport is eligible for the Administrator to reallocate employ-ees under subsection (c)(1), the Adminis-trator shall have met the responsibility of the Administration to monitor passenger exit points required by subsection (n) of sec-tion 44903 of title 49, United States Code. 
SA 3700. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1305. AIRPORT VEHICLE EMISSIONS. 
Section 40117(a)(3)(G) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(G) A project to reduce emissions under subchapter I of chapter 471 or to use cleaner burning conventional fuels, or for acquiring for use at a commercial service airport vehi-cles or ground support equipment that in-clude low-emission technology or use cleaner burning fuels, or, if the airport is located in an air quality nonattainment area (as de-fined in section 171(2) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7501(2))) or a maintenance area re-ferred to in section 175A of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7505a), a project to retrofit any such vehicles or equipment that are powered by a diesel or gasoline engine with emission con-trol technologies certified or verified by the Environmental Protection Agency to reduce emissions, if such project would be able to receive emission credits for the project from the governing State or Federal environ-mental agency as described in section 47139.’’. At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. REDUCTION OF ENERGY CONSUMP-TION, EMISSIONS, AND NOISE FROM CIVILIAN AIRCRAFT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—From amounts made available under section 48102(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall establish a re-search program related to reducing civilian aircraft energy use, emissions, and source noise with equivalent safety through grants or other measures, which shall include cost- sharing authorized under section 106(l)(6) of such title, including reimbursable agree-ments with other Federal agencies. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF CONSORTIUM .— (1) D
ESIGNATION AS CONSORTIUM .—The Ad- ministrator shall designate, using a competi-tive process, one or more institutions or en-tities described in paragraph (2), to be known as a ‘‘Government led Consortium for Con-tinuous Lower Energy, Emissions, and Noise’’ or ‘‘CLEEN’’, to perform research in accordance with this section. (2) P
ARTICIPATION .—The Administrator shall include educational and research insti-tutions or private sector entities that have existing facilities and experience for devel-oping and testing noise, emissions, and en-ergy reduction engine and aircraft tech-nology, and developing alternative fuels, in the research program required by subsection (a) to fulfill the performance objectives spec-ified in subsection (c). (3) C
OORDINATION MECHANISMS .—In con- ducting the research program required by subsection (a), the consortium designated under paragraph (1) shall— (A) coordinate its activities with the De-partment of Agriculture, the Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, and other relevant Federal agencies; and (B) consult on a regular basis with the Commercial Aviation Alternative Fuels Ini-tiative. (c) P
ERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Administrator shall seek to ensure that the research program re-quired subsection (a) supports the following objectives for civil subsonic airplanes: (1) Certifiable aircraft technology that re-duces aircraft fuel burn 40 percent relative to year 2000 best-in-class in-service aircraft. (2) Certifiable engine technology that re-duces landing and takeoff cycle nitrogen oxide emissions by 70 percent over the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization stand-ard adopted in 2011. (3) Certifiable aircraft technology that re-duces noise levels by 32 decibels cumula-tively, relative to the Stage 4 standard, or reduces the noise contour area in absolute terms. (4) The feasibility of use of drop-in alter-native jet fuels in aircraft and engine sys-tems, including successful demonstration and quantification of benefits, advancement of fuel testing capability, and support for fuel evaluation. (d) CERTIFIABLE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘certifiable’’ means the technology has been demonstrated to Technology Readi-ness Level 6 or 7, and there are no foreseen issues that would prevent certification to ex-isting standards. 
SEC. 5038. RESEARCH PROGRAM ON ALTER-NATIVE JET FUEL TECHNOLOGY FOR CIVIL AIRCRAFT. 
Section 911 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 44504 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘to assist in’’ and inserting ‘‘with the objective of ac-celerating’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘and ability to prioritize researchable con-straints’’ after ‘‘with experience’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OLLABORATION AND REPORT .— ‘‘(1) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Administrator of NASA, the Secretary of Energy, and the Sec-retary of Agriculture, shall continue re-search and development activities into the development and deployment of jet fuels de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Administrator, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of NASA, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of Agriculture, and after consultation with the heads of other relevant agencies, shall sub-mit to Congress a joint plan to carry out the research described in subsection (a).’’. 
SA 3701. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. REDUCTION OF ENERGY CONSUMP-TION, EMISSIONS, AND NOISE FROM CIVILIAN AIRCRAFT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—From amounts made available under section 48102(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall establish a re-search program related to reducing civilian aircraft energy use, emissions, and source noise with equivalent safety through grants or other measures, which shall include cost- sharing authorized under section 106(l)(6) of such title, including reimbursable agree-ments with other Federal agencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.039 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2037 April 13, 2016 
(b) E STABLISHMENT OF CONSORTIUM .— (1) D
ESIGNATION AS CONSORTIUM .—The Ad- ministrator shall designate, using a competi-tive process, one or more institutions or en-tities described in paragraph (2), to be known as a ‘‘Government led Consortium for Con-tinuous Lower Energy, Emissions, and Noise’’ or ‘‘CLEEN’’, to perform research in accordance with this section. (2) P
ARTICIPATION .—The Administrator shall include educational and research insti-tutions or private sector entities that have existing facilities and experience for devel-oping and testing noise, emissions, and en-ergy reduction engine and aircraft tech-nology, and developing alternative fuels, in the research program required by subsection (a) to fulfill the performance objectives spec-ified in subsection (c). (3) C
OORDINATION MECHANISMS .—In con- ducting the research program required by subsection (a), the consortium designated under paragraph (1) shall— (A) coordinate its activities with the De-partment of Agriculture, the Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, and other relevant Federal agencies; and (B) consult on a regular basis with the Commercial Aviation Alternative Fuels Ini-tiative. (c) P
ERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Administrator shall seek to ensure that the research program re-quired subsection (a) supports the following objectives for civil subsonic airplanes: (1) Certifiable aircraft technology that re-duces aircraft fuel burn 40 percent relative to year 2000 best-in-class in-service aircraft. (2) Certifiable engine technology that re-duces landing and takeoff cycle nitrogen oxide emissions by 70 percent over the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization stand-ard adopted in 2011. (3) Certifiable aircraft technology that re-duces noise levels by 32 decibels cumula-tively, relative to the Stage 4 standard, or reduces the noise contour area in absolute terms. (4) The feasibility of use of drop-in alter-native jet fuels in aircraft and engine sys-tems, including successful demonstration and quantification of benefits, advancement of fuel testing capability, and support for fuel evaluation. (d) C
ERTIFIABLE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘certifiable’’ means the technology has been demonstrated to Technology Readi-ness Level 6 or 7, and there are no foreseen issues that would prevent certification to ex-isting standards. 
SEC. 5038. RESEARCH PROGRAM ON ALTER-NATIVE JET FUEL TECHNOLOGY FOR CIVIL AIRCRAFT. 
Section 911 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 44504 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘to assist in’’ and inserting ‘‘with the objective of ac-celerating’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘and ability to prioritize researchable con-straints’’ after ‘‘with experience’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OLLABORATION AND REPORT .— ‘‘(1) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Administrator of NASA, the Secretary of Energy, and the Sec-retary of Agriculture, shall continue re-search and development activities into the development and deployment of jet fuels de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Administrator, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of NASA, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of Agriculture, and after consultation with the heads of other relevant agencies, shall sub-mit to Congress a joint plan to carry out the research described in subsection (a).’’. SA 3702. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 98, after line 24, add the following: (d) F
EDERAL AGENCY COORDINATION TO EN-
HANCE THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND SAFETY CAPA-
BILITIES OF PUBLIC UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-
TEMS .—The Administrator shall assist and enable, without undue interference, Federal civilian government agencies that operate unmanned aircraft systems within civil-con-trolled airspace, in operationally deploying and integrating sense and avoid capabilities, as necessary to operate unmanned aircraft systems safely and effectively within the Na-tional Air Space. 
SA 3703. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle A of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2144. SPECIAL USE AIRSPACE AND MILITARY TRAINING ROUTES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a comprehensive assessment of the risk to military aircraft of civil unmanned air-craft systems operating in or transiting spe-cial use airspace or military training routes. 
SA 3704. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for her-self, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. L EE, and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 2152. 
SA 3705. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATION OF FINAL RULE RELAT-ING TO FLIGHTCREW MEMBER DUTY AND REST REQUIREMENTS FOR PAS-SENGER OPERATIONS TO APPLY TO ALL-CARGO OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall modify the final rule specified in subsection (b) so that the flightcrew member duty and rest re-quirements under that rule apply to flightcrew members in all-cargo operations conducted by air carriers in the same man-ner as those requirements apply to flightcrew members in passenger operations conducted by air carriers. (b) F
INAL RULESPECIFIED .—The final rule specified in this subsection is the final rule of the Federal Aviation Administration— (1) published in the Federal Register on January 4, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 330); and (2) relating to flightcrew member duty and rest requirements. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF RULEMAKING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The requirements of section 553 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to the modification required by subsection (a). 
SA 3706. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 5003. 
SA 3707. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. S
ESSIONS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 180, line 26, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘or the acceptance or validation by the FAA of a certificate or de-sign approval of a foreign authority.’’. 
SA 3708. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 226, strike lines 1 through 11, and insert the following: (3) U
NDEVELOPED DEFINED .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(F), the term ‘‘undeveloped’’ means a defined geographic area where the Administrator determines low-flying aircraft are operated on a routine basis, such as low- lying forested areas with predominate tree cover under 200 feet and pasture and range land. (4) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—The Administrator shall define such other terms as may be nec-essary to carry out this section. (e) D
ATABASE .—The Administrator shall— (1) develop a database that contains the lo-cation and height of each covered tower; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.039 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2038 April 13, 2016 
(2) keep the database current to the extent practicable; (3) ensure that any proprietary informa-tion in the database is protected from disclo-sure in accordance with law; and (4) ensure that, by virtue of accessing the database, users will be deemed to agree and acknowledge— (A) that the information will be used for aviation safety purposes only; and (B) not to disclose any such information regardless of whether the information is marked or labeled as proprietary or with a similar designation. 
SA 3709. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 2153(a) and insert the fol-lowing: (a) I
NGENERAL .—Small unmanned aircraft systems may use spectrum for wireless con-trol link, tracking, diagnostics, payload communication, and collaborative-collision avoidance, such as vehicle-to-vehicle com-munication, and other uses, consistent with the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.), Federal Communications Com-mission rules, and the safety-of-life deter-mination made by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and through voluntary com-mercial arrangements with service pro-viders, whether they are operating within a UTM system under section 2138 of this Act or outside such a system. 
SA 3710. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. JURISDICTION OVER OFFENSES COM-MITTED BY CERTAIN UNITED STATES PERSONNEL STATIONED IN CANADA. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016’’. (b) A
MENDMENT .—Chapter 212A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the chapter heading, by striking ‘‘TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS’’; and (2) by adding after section 3272 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 3273. Offenses committed by certain United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever, while em-ployed by the Department of Homeland Se-curity or the Department of Justice and sta-tioned or deployed in Canada pursuant to a treaty, executive agreement, or bilateral memorandum in furtherance of a border se-curity initiative, engages in conduct (or con-spires or attempts to engage in conduct) in Canada that would constitute an offense for which a person may be prosecuted in a court of the United States had the conduct been engaged in within the United States or with-in the special maritime and territorial juris-diction of the United States shall be fined or imprisoned, or both, as provided for that of-fense. ‘‘(b) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘employed by the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Justice’ means— ‘‘(1) being employed as a civilian employee, a contractor (including a subcontractor at any tier), or an employee of a contractor (or a subcontractor at any tier) of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security or the Depart-ment of Justice; ‘‘(2) being present or residing in Canada in connection with such employment; and ‘‘(3) not being a national of or ordinarily resident in Canada.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the table of chapters, by striking the item relating to chapter 212A and inserting the following: ‘‘212A. Extraterritorial jurisdiction over certain offenses .................... 3271’’; and (2) in the table of sections for chapter 212A, by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 3272 the following: ‘‘3273. Offenses committed by certain United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives.’’. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to infringe upon or otherwise affect the exercise of pros-ecutorial discretion by the Department of Justice in implementing this provision. 
SA 3711. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5032. LIMITATIONS ON OPERATING CERTAIN AIRCRAFT NOT COMPLYING WITH STAGE 4 NOISE LEVELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 475 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 47535. Limitations on operating certain air-craft not complying with stage 4 noise lev-els ‘‘(a) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than Decem-ber 31, 2017, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the International Civil Aviation Organization, shall issue regula-tions to establish minimum standards for civil turbojets to comply with stage 4 noise levels. ‘‘(b) G
ENERAL RULE.—The Secretary shall issue regulations to, except as provided in section 47529— ‘‘(1) establish a timeline by which increas-ing percentages of the total number of civil turbojets with a maximum weight of more than 75,000 pounds operating to or from air-ports in the United States comply with the stage 4 noise levels established under sub-section (a), beginning not later than Decem-ber 31, 2022; and ‘‘(2) require that 100 percent of such turbo-jets operating after December 31, 2037, to or from airports in the United States comply with the stage 4 noise levels. ‘‘(c) F
OREIGN -FLAG AIRCRAFT .— ‘‘(1) I
NTERNATIONAL STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary shall request the International Civil Aviation Organization to add to its Work Programme the consideration of inter-national standards for the phase-out of air-craft that do not comply with stage 4 noise levels. ‘‘(2) ENFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall enforce the requirements of this section with respect to foreign-flag aircraft only to the extent that such enforcement is consistent with United States obligations under inter-national agreements. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Beginning with cal-endar year 2020— ‘‘(1) each air carrier shall submit to the Secretary an annual report on the progress the carrier is making toward complying with the requirements of this section and regula-tions issued to carry out this section; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary shall submit to Congress an annual report on the progress being made toward that compliance. ‘‘(e) N
OISE RECERTIFICATION TESTING NOT R
EQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this section may be con-strued to require the noise certification test-ing of a civil turbojet that has been retro-fitted to comply with or otherwise already meets the stage 4 noise levels established under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) M
EANS OF DEMONSTRATING COMPLIANCE  
WITH STAGE 4 NOISE LEVELS .—The Secretary shall specify means for demonstrating that an aircraft complies with stage 4 noise levels without requiring noise certification testing. ‘‘(f) N
ONADDITION RULE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2) and section 47530, a person may operate a civil jet aircraft with a maximum weight of more than 75,000 pounds that is im-ported into the United States after Decem-ber 31, 2020, only if the aircraft— ‘‘(A) complies with the stage 4 noise levels; or ‘‘(B) was purchased by the person import-ing the aircraft into the United States under a legally binding contract entered into be-fore January 1, 2021. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may provide for an exception from paragraph (1) to permit a person to obtain modifications to an aircraft to meet the stage 4 noise levels. ‘‘(3) A
IRCRAFT DEEMED NOT IMPORTED .—For purposes of this subsection, an aircraft shall be deemed not to have been imported into the United States if the aircraft— ‘‘(A) was owned on January 1, 2021, by— ‘‘(i) a corporation, trust, or partnership or-ganized under the laws of the United States, a State, or the District of Columbia; ‘‘(ii) an individual who is a citizen of the United States; or ‘‘(iii) an entity that is owned or controlled by a corporation, trust, or partnership de-scribed in clause (i) or an individual de-scribed in clause (ii); and ‘‘(B) enters the United States not later than 6 months after the expiration of a lease agreement (including any extension of such an agreement) between an owner described in subparagraph (A) and a foreign air carrier.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 475 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 47534 the following: ‘‘47535. Limitations on operating certain air-craft not complying with stage 4 noise levels.’’. 
SEC. 5033. STANDARDS FOR ISSUANCE OF NEW TYPE CERTIFICATES. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF STAGE 5 NOISE STAND -
ARDS TO CIVILJETSWITH A MAXIMUM WEIGHT  
OFMORETHAN121,254 P OUNDS .—On and after December 31, 2017, the Secretary of Transpor-tation may not issue a new type certificate for a civil jet with a maximum weight of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.035 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2039 April 13, 2016 
more than 121,254 pounds for which an appli-cation was received after the date of the en-actment of this Act, unless the person apply-ing for the type certificate demonstrates that the civil jet complies with stage 5 noise levels. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF STAGE 5 NOISE STAND -
ARDS TO ALLCIVIL JETS.—On and after De-cember 31, 2020, the Secretary may not issue a new type certificate for any civil jet for which an application was received after the date of the enactment of this Act, unless the person applying for the type certificate dem-onstrates that the civil jet complies with stage 5 noise levels. 
SA 3712. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5023. HELICOPTER NOISE ABATEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue a final rule set-ting forth guidelines and regulations relat-ing to stringency standards for Stage 3 noise levels for helicopters that— (1) create a requirement to retrofit exist-ing helicopters to comply with Stage 3 noise levels as prescribed in subpart H of part 36 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; and (2) require the retirement of helicopters not in compliance with Stage 3 noise levels by December 31, 2024. (b) E
XEMPTIONS .—Helicopters utilized for medical purposes or governmental functions (as defined in section 1.1 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations) shall be exempt from the guidelines and regulations required by subsection (a). (c) S
TAGE 3 NOISE LEVELS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Stage 3 noise level’’ has the meaning given that term in section 36.1 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SA 3713. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5023. MINIMUM ALTITUDES FOR HELI-COPTERS OVER POPULATED AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall establish a process for evaluating— (1) whether minimum altitude require-ments for helicopter routes over populated areas can be safely set for the purpose of re-ducing noise effects on the surrounding com-munity; and (2) in the case of routes for which min-imum altitudes cannot be safely set, whether those routes should be otherwise modified, restricted, or eliminated due to excessive noise effects. (b) P
UBLIC ENGAGEMENT .—In establishing the process required by subsection (a), the Administrator shall— (1) review and respond to requests made by States, political subdivisions of States, other elected officials, and community organiza-tions to evaluate specific helicopter routes to reduce noise; and (2) provide a means for the public to par-ticipate in the process. SA 3714. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 97, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: ‘‘(b) A
SSISTANCE BY FEDERAL UNMANNED  A
IRCRAFT SYSTEMS .—The Secretary shall in-clude, in the guidance regarding the oper-ation of public unmanned aircraft systems required by subsection (a), guidance with re-spect to allowing unmanned aircraft systems owned or operated by a Federal agency to as-sist Federal, State, local, or tribal law en-forcement organizations in conducting law enforcement activities in the national air-space system. 
SA 3715. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 92, line 15, insert after ‘‘unmanned aircraft’’ the following: ‘‘, including in cir-cumstances in which there has been signifi-cant experience operating the associated un-manned aircraft within a country with which the United States maintains a trusted avia-tion relationship’’. 
SA 3716. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REQUIREMENT FOR LAW ENFORCE-MENT OFFICERS AND EXPLOSIVE DETECTION CANINES AT AIRPORTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—The Administration of the Transportation Security Administration shall require that the air transportation se-curity program required by section 44903(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, for each covered airport include the following: (1) Beginning not more than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, that a State or local law enforcement officer is sta-tioned not more than 300 feet from each pas-senger screening checkpoint at each covered airport. (2) Beginning not more than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, that an explosives detection canine team of a State or local law enforcement agency is as-signed to each terminal at each covered air-port. (b) TECHNICAL SUPPORT .—The Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall provide technical and other support to State or local law enforce-ment agencies providing the personnel de-scribed in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a). (c) C
OVERED AIRPORT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered airport’’ means the 25 airports in the United States with the highest numbers of passengers enplaned each year. (d) F
UNDING .—Out of funds made available to the Transportation Security Administra-tion for fiscal year 2016, $20,000,000 shall be available for State and local law enforce-ment agencies, as a transfer of funds, to train, certify, and utilize explosives detec-tion canines. 
SA 3717. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3124. SERVICE LEVEL STANDARDS FOR PAS-SENGER SCREENING AND DATA PROCESSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall di-rect the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration and the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to set service level standards for the processing of passengers in air transpor-tation and associated electronic travel data. (b) S
ECURITY SCREENING .—Section 44901 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) S
ERVICE LEVEL STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The physical screening of passengers and their property, while in federally controlled areas, and screening of electronic travel data, shall be performed in accordance with service level standards es-tablished by the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration and agreed to by the Aviation Security Advisory Committee. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR STANDARDS .—The service level standards established under paragraph (1) shall provide for— ‘‘(A) a 10-minute maximum wait time for 99 percent of all passengers as measured in 15-minute periods each calendar day; ‘‘(B) a 5-minute maximum wait time for 95 percent of all passengers as measured in 15- minute periods each calendar day; ‘‘(C) 98 percent passenger satisfaction with screening processes as measured by customer satisfaction surveys; ‘‘(D) 99 percent passenger satisfaction with the cleanliness and hygiene of the screening area; ‘‘(E) 98 percent of responses to submissions of electronic passenger data returned within 4 seconds; and ‘‘(F) 95 percent of all calls to the Transpor-tation Security Administration’s resolution desk answered within 30 seconds. ‘‘(3) S
USPENSION OF STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may suspend the standards established under paragraph (1) for reasons of national emergency for not more than 30 days and shall report the cir-cumstances for suspension to Congress not later than 90 days after suspending such standards.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.040 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2040 April 13, 2016 
(c) R EVISED CUSTOMS REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall re-vise section 122.49(a) of title 19, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as in effect on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act, to require that the screening of passenger and crew manifests be performed in accordance with service level standards established by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and agreed to by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection User Fee Ad-visory Committee. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR STANDARDS .—The service level standards established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide for— (A) 98 percent of responses to submissions of electronic passenger data to be completed within 4 seconds; (B) 95 percent of all calls to any resolution desk to be answered within 30 seconds; (C) 95 percent of all advance passenger in-formation submitted via interactive batch- style manifest submissions to be returned within 3 minutes; (D) 95 percent of all data submissions re-quiring manual resolution by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to be provided within 5 minutes; and (E) 99.7 uptime for all passenger informa-tion processing systems. (3) S
USPENSION OF STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary may suspend the standards estab-lished pursuant to paragraph (1) for reasons of national emergency for not more than 30 days and shall report the circumstances for suspension to Congress not later than 90 days after suspending such standards. (d) A
MENDMENT TO CUSTOMS LAWS.—Sec- tion 3061 of the Revised Statutes (19 U.S.C. 482) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) S
EARCHES AT PORTS OF ENTRY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Search of passengers pursuant to subsection (a) at service ports and ports of entry (as listed in section 101.3 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulations or rul-ing)), shall be performed in accordance with service level standards established by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and agreed to by the U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection User Fee Advi-sory Committee. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR STANDARDS .—The service level standards established under paragraph (1) shall provide for— ‘‘(A) 95 percent of all persons not requiring more than normal inspection to be processed and cleared within 30 minutes of disem-barkation; ‘‘(B) a 15-minute average queue dwell time between entering the secondary inspection area and commencing an initial interview with a U.S. Customs and Border Protection secondary inspector; and ‘‘(C) 98 percent of all requests for capture of biometric data for visitors to the United States at the primary inspection booth to be completed within 15 seconds. ‘‘(3) S
USPENSION OF STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may suspend the standards established under paragraph (1) for reasons of national emergency for not more than 30 days and shall report the cir-cumstances for suspension to Congress not later than 90 days after suspending such standards.’’. 
SA 3718. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EXTENSION OF ENERGY CREDIT FOR OTHER ENERGY PROPERTY. 
(a) Q UALIFIED FUELCELLPROPERTY .—Sec- tion 48(c)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘for any pe-riod after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (b) Q
UALIFIED MICROTURBINE PROPERTY .— Section 48(c)(2)(D) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (c) C
OMBINED HEAT ANDPOWER SYSTEM  P
ROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(3)(A)(iv) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘which is placed in service before January 1, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (d) Q
UALIFIED SMALL WINDENERGY PROP-
ERTY .—Section 48(c)(4)(C) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the con-struction of which does not begin before Jan-uary 1, 2022’’. (e) T
HERMAL ENERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(3)(A)(vii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘periods ending before January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘property the construc-tion of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (f) P
HASEOUT OF 30 P ERCENT CREDIT RATE 
FOR FUEL CELL AND SMALL WINDENERGY  P
ROPERTY .—Subsection (a) of section 48 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) P
HASEOUT FOR QUALIFIED FUEL CELL  
PROPERTY AND QUALIFIED SMALL WIND ENERGY  
PROPERTY .—In the case of qualified fuel cell property or qualified small wind energy property, the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022, the energy percentage determined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to— ‘‘(A) in the case of any property the con-struction of which begins after December 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2021, 26 percent, and ‘‘(B) in the case of any property the con-struction of which begins after December 31, 2020, and before January 1, 2022, 22 percent.’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3719. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 298, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: (3) choices that consumers have in choos-ing an air carrier based on change, cancella-tion, and baggage fees in large, medium, and small markets; and (4) the potential effect on availability of air service if change, cancellation, or bag-gage fees were regulated by the Federal Gov-ernment. 
SA 3720. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 116, strike line 21 and all that fol-lows through page 117, line 6, and insert the following: ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—Any person who oper-ates an aircraft and, in doing so, knowingly or recklessly interferes with firefighting, law enforcement, or emergency response activi-ties, shall be subject to the penalties pro-vided under subsections (b) and (c). ‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), whoever commits or attempts to commit an offense under subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(2) S
ERIOUS BODILY INJURY OR DEATH .— Whoever attempts to cause, or knowingly or recklessly causes, serious bodily injury or death during the commission of an offense under subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for any term of years or for life, or both. ‘‘(c) C
IVIL PENALTY .—Whoever operates an aircraft as described in subsection (a) is lia-ble to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than $20,000. 
SA 3721. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 2138 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 2138. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS TRAF-FIC MANAGEMENT. 
(a) R ESEARCH PLAN FOR UTMDEVELOP -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in coordi-nation with the Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, shall develop a research plan for un-manned aircraft systems traffic management (referred to in this section as ‘‘UTM’’) devel-opment. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the re-search plan under paragraph (1), the Admin-istrator shall— (A) identify research goals related to— (i) operational parameters related to alti-tude, geographic coverage, classes of air-space, and critical infrastructure; (ii) avionics capability requirements or standards; (iii) operator identification and authen-tication requirements and capabilities; (iv) communication protocols with air traf-fic control facilities that will not interfere with existing responsibility to deconflict manned aircraft in the national airspace sys-tem; (v) collision avoidance requirements; (vi) separation standards for manned and unmanned aircraft; (vii) spectrum needs; and (viii) provision of traffic position informa-tion and weather through a traffic informa-tion service to operators of unmanned air-craft systems; (B) evaluate options for the administration and management structure for the traffic management of low altitude operations of small unmanned aircraft systems; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.041 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2041 April 13, 2016 
(C) ensure the plan is consistent with the broader Federal Aviation Administration regulatory and operational framework en-compassing all unmanned aircraft systems operations expected to be authorized in the national airspace system; and (D) ensure the plan utilizes existing sur-veillance networks and services provided under the surveillance and broadcast serv-ices program, augmented as necessary with additional surveillance assets to provide ad-ditional low altitude coverage. (3) A
SSESSMENT .—The research plan under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of— (A) the ability to allow near-term small unmanned aircraft system operations with-out need of an automated UTM system; (B) the full range of operational capability any automated UTM system should possess; (C) the operational characteristics and metrics that would drive incremental adop-tion of automated capability and procedures consistent with a rising aggregate commu-nity demand for service for low altitude op-erations of small unmanned aircraft sys-tems; (D) the integration points for small un-manned aircraft system traffic management with the existing national airspace system planning and traffic management systems; and (E) the ability of a common air traffic sur-veillance platform to provide situational awareness for beyond-line-of-sight oper-ations. (4) D
EADLINES .—The Administrator shall— (A) initiate development of the research plan not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— (i) complete the research plan; (ii) submit the research plan to the appro-priate committees of Congress; and (iii) publish the research plan on the Fed-eral Aviation Administration’s Web site. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date the research plan under sub-section (a) is submitted under paragraph (4)(B) of that subsection, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall coordinate with the Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion and the small unmanned aircraft sys-tems industry to develop operational con-cepts and top-level system requirements for a UTM system pilot program, consistent with subsection (a). (2) U
SE OF CENTER OF EXCELLENCE AND TEST  
SITES .—In developing and carrying out the pilot program under this subsection, the Ad-ministrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable, leverage the capabilities of and utilize the Center of Excellence for Un-manned Aircraft Systems and the test sites (as defined by section 44801 of title 49, United States Code, as added by section 2121). (3) S
OLICITATION .—The Administrator shall issue a solicitation for operational prototype systems that meet the necessary objectives for use in a pilot program to demonstrate, validate, or modify, as appropriate, the re-quirements developed under paragraph (1). (c) C
OMPREHENSIVE PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date the pilot program under sub-section (b) is complete, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in co-ordination with the Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, and in consultation with the head of each relevant Federal agency, shall develop a comprehensive plan for the deployment of UTM systems in the national airspace. (2) S
YSTEM REQUIREMENTS .—The com-prehensive plan under paragraph (1) shall in-clude requirements or standards consistent with established or planned rulemaking for, at a minimum— (A) the flight of small unmanned aircraft systems in controlled and uncontrolled air-space; (B) communications, as applicable— (i) among small unmanned aircraft sys-tems; (ii) between small unmanned aircraft sys-tems and manned aircraft operating in the same airspace; and (iii) between small unmanned aircraft sys-tems and air traffic control as considered necessary; (C) air traffic management for small un-manned aircraft systems operations; and (D) networked air traffic surveillance. (d) SYSTEM IMPLEMENTATION .—Based on the comprehensive plan under subsection (c), in-cluding the requirements under paragraph (2) of that subsection, and the pilot program under subsection (b), the Administrator shall determine the operational need and imple-mentation schedule for evolutionary use of automation support systems to separate and deconflict manned and unmanned aircraft systems. 
SA 3722. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CUBAN IMMIGRANTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Cuban Immigrant Work Oppor-tunity Act of 2016’’. (b) C
ERTAIN CUBANS INELIGIBLE FOR REF-
UGEE ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title V of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980 (8 U.S.C. 1522 note) is amended— (A) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘CUBAN AND’’; (B) in section 501— (i) by striking ‘‘Cuban and’’ each place such phrase appears; (ii) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Cuban or’’; and (iii) in subsection (e)— (I) in paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Cuban/’’ and (bb) by striking ‘‘Cuba or’’; and (II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Cuba or’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) P
ERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY AND WORK OP -
PORTUNITY RECONCILIATION ACT OF 1996 .—Sec- tion 403(b)(1)(D) of the Personal Responsi-bility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1613(b)(1)(D)) is amended, by striking ‘‘a Cuban’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘an eligible participant (as de-fined in section 101(3) of the Refugee Edu-cation Assistance Act of 1980 (8 U.S.C. 1522 note)).’’. (B) O
MNIBUS EDUCATION RECONCILIATION ACT  
OF 1981 .—Section 543(a)(2) of the Omnibus Education Reconciliation Act of 1981 (title V of Public Law 97–35) is amended by striking ‘‘a Cuban-Haitian entrant’’ and inserting ‘‘a Haitian entrant’’. (C) I
MMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT .— Section 245A(h)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255a(h)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘a Cuban’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘an eligible participant (as defined in section 101(3) of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980 (8 U.S.C. 1522 note)).’’. (3) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this subsection shall only apply to na-tionals of Cuba who enter the United States on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Social Security Ad-ministration shall submit a report to Con-gress that describes the methods by which the provision described in section 416.215 of title 20, Code of Federal Regulations, is being enforced. 
SA 3723. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 84, between lines 13 and 14, insert the following: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN UNMANNED  A
IRCRAFT SYSTEMS AND OPERATIONS IN THE  A
RCTIC .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, and not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Re-authorization Act of 2016, the Secretary shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft sys-tems may operate safely in the Arctic be-yond the limitations of the notice of pro-posed rulemaking relating to operation and certification of small unmanned aircraft sys-tems (80 Fed. Reg. 9544), including operation of such systems beyond the visual line of sight of the operator. ‘‘(2) A
SSESSMENT OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT  
SYSTEMS .—In making the determination re-quired by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) which types of unmanned aircraft sys-tems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation beyond visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the airspace over the Arc-tic or the public or pose a threat to national security; ‘‘(B) which beyond-line-of-sight operations provide extraordinary public benefit justi-fying safe accommodation of the operations while minimizing restrictions on manned aircraft operations; and ‘‘(C) whether a certificate of waiver, cer-tificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under section 44704 is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft sys-tems identified under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SAFE OPERATION .— If the Secretary determines under this sub-section that certain unmanned aircraft sys-tems may operate safely in the Arctic be-yond the visual line of sight of the operator, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe equipage and operation of such aircraft systems while minimizing the effect on manned aircraft operations.’’. 
SA 3724. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.042 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2042 April 13, 2016 
expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. MODIFICATION OF EXCISE TAX EX-EMPTION FOR SMALL AIRCRAFT ON ESTABLISHED LINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4281 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘6,000 pounds or less’’ and inserting ‘‘12,500 pounds or less’’, and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHED LINE.—For purposes of this section, an aircraft shall not be consid-ered as operated on an established line if op-erated under an authorization to conduct on- demand operations in common carriage pur-suant to section 119.21(a)(5) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Federal Avia-tion Administration Reauthorization Act of 2016.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable transportation provided after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3725. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. AUTHORIZATION OF AIR CARRIERS TO PROVIDE SERVICE BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND CUBA FOR CITIZENS OF OTHER COUNTRIES WITH ITINERARIES THAT BEGIN AND END OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an air carrier pro-viding permissible scheduled service between the United States and Cuba pursuant to a frequency allocation by the Department of Transportation may carry passengers who are citizens of countries other than the United States or Cuba and their accom-panied baggage to or from Cuba to the same extent as the air carrier would be authorized to carry those passengers to any other des-tination, provided that the ticketed itinerary for those passengers begins and ends outside the United States. (b) C
ITIZENSHIP .—An air carrier may rely on the passport presented by the passenger in determining the citizenship of the pas-senger under subsection (a). (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall prescribe regulations to implement this section. 
SA 3726. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Ms. H IRONO ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 5009 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 5009. INTERFERENCE WITH AIR CARRIER EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 46503 is amended by inserting after ‘‘to perform those duties’’ the following ‘‘, or who assaults an air car-rier customer representative in an airport, including a gate or ticket agent, who is per-forming the duties of the representative or agent,’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 46503 is amended in the section heading by inserting ‘‘or air carrier customer represent-atives’’ after ‘‘screening personnel’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 465 is amended by striking the item relating to section 46503 and inserting the following: ‘‘46503. Interference with security screening personnel or air carrier cus-tomer representatives.’’. 
SA 3727. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. RESEARCH PROGRAM ON ALTER-NATIVE JET FUEL TECHNOLOGY FOR CIVIL AIRCRAFT. 
Section 911 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 44504 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘to assist in’’ and inserting ‘‘with the objective of ac-celerating’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘and ability to prioritize researchable con-straints’’ after ‘‘with experience’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OLLABORATION AND REPORT .— ‘‘(1) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Administrator of NASA, the Secretary of Energy, and the Sec-retary of Agriculture, shall continue re-search and development activities into the development and deployment of jet fuels de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Administrator, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of NASA, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of Agriculture, and after consultation with the heads of other relevant agencies, shall sub-mit to Congress a joint plan to carry out the research described in paragraph (1).’’. 
SA 3728. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 198, strike lines 3 through 11, and insert the following: (b) C
ONTENTS .—In revising the regulations under subsection (a), the Administrator shall ensure that a flight attendant scheduled to a duty period of 14 hours or less is given a scheduled rest period of at least 10 consecu-tive hours and that such rest period is not reduced under any circumstances. SA 3729. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing. (3) P
ENALTIES FOR VIOLATIONS OF CITIZEN -
SHIP CONTROL REQUIREMENTS .—Section 46301(a), as amended by paragraph (1), is fur-ther amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘(ex-cept as provided in paragraph (7))’’ after ‘‘chapter 411’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) P
ENALTIES FOR VIOLATIONS OF CITIZEN -
SHIP CONTROL REQUIREMENTS .—(A) A person that controls an air carrier required to hold a certificate under section 41101(a) or to be exempted from such requirement under sec-tion 40109 and is not a citizen of the United States— ‘‘(i) shall be liable to the United States Government for a civil penalty of not more than $25,000 for each day or each flight dur-ing which the person is not in compliance with section 41101(a) or 40109, as applicable (or of not more than $1,100 for each such day or such flight if the person is an individual or small business concern and the controlled air carrier is also a small business concern); ‘‘(ii) shall not be jointly and severally lia-ble for any civil penalty imposed pursuant to paragraph (1) on the air carrier under such unlawful control; ‘‘(iii) shall be deemed to have engaged in unfair and deceptive practices and unfair methods of competition in violation of sec-tion 41712; and ‘‘(iv) shall be jointly and severally liable, together with the air carrier operating under such unlawful control, to pay restitution to any air carrier subject to such unfair and de-ceptive practices and unfair methods of com-petition as ordered by the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Transportation is authorized to consider any amounts paid in restitution as a mitigating factor when im-posing a civil penalty under this paragraph. ‘‘(C) Any aircraft operated by an air car-rier that is not a citizen of the United States shall be prohibited from operating within the United States until any civil penalty or res-titution imposed pursuant to this paragraph has been satisfied.’’. 
SA 3730. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ENFORCEMENT OF CERTIFICATE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) C IVIL ACTIONS AUTHORIZED .—Section 46101(a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) If a complaint filed under this sub-section alleges that an air carrier required to hold a certificate under section 41101(a) or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.047 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2043 April 13, 2016 
exempted from such requirement under sec-tion 40109 is not a citizen of the United States, and the Secretary of Transportation, the Under Secretary for Policy, or the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration dismisses the complaint without a hearing or fails to resolve the complaint on the merits within 180 days after such com-plaint is filed, the complainant may bring a civil action against the air carrier in a dis-trict court of the United States pursuant to section 46108. ‘‘(B) A civil action authorized under sub-paragraph (A) shall not be subject to dis-missal or stay on the grounds that adminis-trative remedies have not been exhausted or that the action is subject to the primary ju-risdiction of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. ‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph may be con-strued to require a person to file a complaint pursuant to paragraph (1) before bringing a civil action pursuant to section 46108.’’. (b) R
EMEDIES .—Section 46108 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘An interested person’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An interested person’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated, by striking ‘‘of this title’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘or to enforce the terms of an exemption issued under section 40109.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
EFENDANTS .—A person that controls an air carrier required to hold a certificate under section 41101(a) or exempted from such requirement under section 40109 may be named as a defendant in an action under this section if such person is not a citizen of the United States. ‘‘(c) L
IABILITY .—A person described in sub-section (b)— ‘‘(1) shall be jointly and severally liable for any damages suffered by a citizen of the United States as a result of the person’s fail-ure to comply with section 41101(a); and ‘‘(2) shall be subject to injunctive relief. ‘‘(d) V
ENUE .—A civil action under this sec-tion may be brought in the judicial district in which any defendant does business or in the judicial district in which the violation occurred.’’. (c) P
ENALTIES FOR VIOLATIONS OF CITIZEN -
SHIP CONTROL REQUIREMENTS .—Section 46301(a), as amended by section 2133(b)(1), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘(ex-cept as provided in paragraph (7))’’ after ‘‘chapter 411’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) P
ENALTIES FOR VIOLATIONS OF CITIZEN -
SHIP CONTROL REQUIREMENTS .—(A) A person that controls an air carrier required to hold a certificate under section 41101(a) or to be exempted from such requirement under sec-tion 40109 and is not a citizen of the United States— ‘‘(i) shall be liable to the United States Government for a civil penalty of not more than $25,000 for each day or each flight dur-ing which the person is not in compliance with section 41101(a) or 40109, as applicable (or of not more than $1,100 for each such day or such flight if the person is an individual or small business concern and the controlled air carrier is also a small business concern); ‘‘(ii) shall be jointly and severally liable for any civil penalty imposed pursuant to paragraph (1) on the air carrier under such unlawful control; ‘‘(iii) shall be deemed to have engaged in unfair and deceptive practices and unfair methods of competition in violation of sec-tion 41712; and ‘‘(iv) shall be jointly and severally liable, together with the air carrier operating under such unlawful control, to pay restitution to any air carrier subject to such unfair and de-ceptive practices and unfair methods of com-petition as ordered by the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Transportation is authorized to consider any amounts paid in restitution as a mitigating factor when im-posing a civil penalty under this paragraph. ‘‘(C) Any aircraft operated by an air car-rier that is not a citizen of the United States shall be prohibited from operating within the United States until any civil penalty or res-titution imposed pursuant to this paragraph has been satisfied.’’. SA 3731. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title II, add the following: PART V—SAFE OPERATION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS 
SEC. 2171. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Safety for Airports and Firefighters by Ensuring Drones Refrain from Obstructing Necessary Equipment Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘SAFE DRONE Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2172. CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR OPERATING DRONES IN CERTAIN LOCATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 40A. Operating drones in certain locations ‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful for a person to knowingly operate a drone in a re-stricted area without proper authorization from the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to operations conducted for purposes of firefighting or emergency response by a Federal, State, or local unit of government (including any individual conducting such operations pursuant to a contract or other agreement entered into with the unit). ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Attorney General shall, by regula-tion, establish penalties for a violation of this section that the Attorney General deter-mines are reasonably calculated to provide a deterrent to operating drones in restricted areas, which may include a term of imprison-ment. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘drone’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft’ in sec-tion 44801 of title 49; ‘‘(2) the terms ‘large hub airport’, ‘medium hub airport’, and ‘small hub airport’ have the meanings given those terms in section 47102 of title 49; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘restricted area’ means— ‘‘(A) within a 2-mile radius of a small hub airport, medium hub airport, or large hub airport; ‘‘(B) within 2 miles of the outermost pe-rimeter of an ongoing firefighting operation involving the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior; or ‘‘(C) in an area that is subject to a tem-porary flight restriction issued by the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 2 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘40A. Operating drones in certain loca-tions.’’. SA 3732. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. H ELLER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 4118. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NEXT GENERATION AIR TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Next Generation Air Transportation System (known as ‘‘NextGen’’) could, if prop-erly implemented, provide much needed modernization of air traffic technologies to meet the future needs of the national air-space; (2) once fully implemented, advancements from implementation of the Next Generation Air Transportation System could result in billions of dollars of economic benefits to air carriers and the travel industry; (3) the Next Generation Air Transportation System has the potential to improve air traf-fic management by— (A) improving weather forecasting; (B) enhancing safety; (C) creating more flexible spacing and se-quencing of aircraft; (D) reducing air traffic separation; and (E) reducing congestion; (4) improvements to air traffic manage-ment through the implementation of the Next Generation Air Transportation System will provide benefits— (A) to the flying public, such as reduced delays, reduced wait times, more direct flights, and an overall enhanced flying expe-rience; and (B) to commercial air carriers, such as fuel cost savings, lower operational costs, and improved customer satisfaction; and (5) fully and swiftly implementing the Next Generation Air Transportation System should remain a top priority for the United States to maximize the efficiency of the air-space system of the United States, maintain a competitive advantage, and remain a glob-al leader in aviation. 
SA 3733. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle A of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2144. EXEMPTION FOR THE OPERATION OF CERTAIN UNMANNED AIRCRAFT AT TEST SITES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and without the opportunity for prior public notice and comment, the Administrator shall grant an exemption for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems for any non- hobby, non-recreational, and non-commer-cial purpose under the oversight of an un-manned aircraft system test site to all per-sons that meet the terms, conditions, and limitations described in subsection (b) for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.043 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2044 April 13, 2016 
the exemption. All such operations of un-manned aircraft systems shall be conducted in accordance with a certificate of waiver or authorization issued to the unmanned air-craft system test site by the Administrator. (b) T
ERMS , CONDITIONS , ANDLIMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The exemption granted under subsection (a) or any amendment to that exemption— (A) shall, at a minimum, exempt the oper-ator of an unmanned aircraft system from the provisions of parts 21, 43, 61, and 91 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, that are applicable only to civil aircraft or civil aircraft operations; (B) may contain such other terms, condi-tions, and limitations as the Administrator may deem necessary in the interest of avia-tion safety or the efficiency of the national airspace system; and (C) shall require a person, before initiating an operation under the exemption, to provide written notice to the unmanned aircraft sys-tem test site overseeing the operation, in a form and manner specified by the Adminis-trator, that states, at a minimum, that the person has read, understands, and will com-ply with all terms, conditions, and limita-tions of the exemption and applicable certifi-cates of waiver or authorization. (2) T
RANSMISSION TO FEDERAL AVIATION AD -
MINISTRATION .—The unmanned aircraft sys-tem test site overseeing an operation shall transmit to the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration copies of all notices under paragraph (1)(C) relating to the operation in a form and manner specified by the Administrator. (c) N
OAIRWORTHINESS OR AIRMAN CERTIFI -
CATE REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), (2)(A), or (3) of section 44711(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Adminis-trator may allow a person may operate, or employ an airman who operates, an un-manned aircraft system for any non-hobby or non-recreational purpose under the over-sight of an unmanned aircraft system test site without an airman certificate and with-out an airworthiness certificate for the air-craft if the operations of the unmanned air-craft system meet all terms, limitations, and conditions of an exemption issued under sub-section (a) and of a certificate of waiver or authorization issued to the unmanned air-craft system test site by the Administrator. (2) P
ILOT CERTIFICATION EXEMPTION .—If the Secretary proposes, under this section, to re-quire an operator of an unmanned aircraft system to hold an airman certificate or a medical certificate, or to have a minimum number of hours operating a manned air-craft, the Secretary shall set forth the rea-soning for such proposal and seek public no-tice and comment before imposing any such requirements. (d) D
ATA AVAILABLE FOR CERTIFICATE OF  A
IRWORTHINESS .—The Administrator shall accept data collected or developed as a result of an operation of an unmanned aircraft sys-tem conducted under the oversight of an un-manned aircraft system test site pursuant to an exemption issued under subsection (a) for consideration in an application for an air-worthiness certificate for the unmanned air-craft system. (e) S
UNSET .—The exemption issued under subsection (a), and any amendment to that exemption, shall cease to be valid on the date of the termination of the unmanned air-craft system test site program under section 332(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION AND PROCE -
DURE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The issuance of an exemp-tion under subsection (a), the issuance of a certificate of waiver or authorization (in-cluding the issuance of a certificate of waiv-er or authorization to an unmanned aircraft test site), the amendment of such an exemp-tion or certificate, the imposition of a term, condition, or limitation on such an exemp-tion or certificate, and any other activity carried out by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration under this section shall be made without regard to— (A) the notice and comment provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code; and (B) chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’). (2) SAVINGS PROVISIONS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (A) affect the issuance of a rule by or any other activity of the Secretary of Transpor-tation or the Administrator under any other provision of law; or (B) invalidate an exemption granted or cer-tificate of waiver or authorization issued by the Administrator before the date of the en-actment of this Act. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. (2) A
IRMAN CERTIFICATE .—The term ‘‘air-man certificate’’ means an airman certifi-cate issued under section 44703 of title 49, United States Code. (3) C
ERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZA -
TION.—The term ‘‘certificate of waiver or au-thorization’’ means an authorization issued by the Federal Aviation Administration for the operation of aircraft in deviation from a rule or regulation and includes the terms, conditions, and limitations of the authoriza-tion. (4) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT ; UNMANNED AIR -
CRAFT SYSTEM .—The terms ‘‘unmanned air-craft’’ and ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 44801 of title 49, United States Code, as added by section 2121. (5) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM TEST  
SITE.—The term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system test site’’ means an entity designated to op-erate a test site, as defined by section 44801of title 49, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 2121. 
SA 3734. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle A of title II, insert the following: 
SEC. llll. COLLABORATION BETWEEN FED-ERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION AND DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
(a) C OLLABORATION BETWEEN FEDERAL  A
VIATION ADMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF  D
EFENSE REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense shall collaborate on de-veloping ground-based sense and avoid (GBSAA) and airborne sense and avoid (ABSAA) capabilities for unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The collaboration required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Assisting the Administrator in safely integrating unmanned aircraft systems and manned aircraft in the national airspace sys-tem. (B) Building upon Air Force and Depart-ment of Defense experience to speed the de-velopment of civil standards, policies, and procedures for expediting unmanned aircraft systems integration. (C) Assisting in the development of civil unmanned aircraft airworthiness certifi-cation, development of airborne and ground- based sense and avoid capabilities for un-manned aircraft systems, and research and development on unmanned aircraft systems, especially with respect to matters involving human factors, information assurance, and security. (b) PARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AVIATION  A
DMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  A
CTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may participate and provide assistance for par-ticipation in test and evaluation efforts of the Department of Defense, including the Air Force, relating to ground-based sense and avoid and airborne sense and avoid capabili-ties for unmanned aircraft systems. (2) P
ARTICIPATION THROUGH CENTERS OF EX -
CELLENCE AND TEST SITES .—Participation under paragraph (1) may include provision of assistance through the Unmanned Aircraft Systems Center of Excellence and Unmanned Aircraft Systems Test Sites. 
SA 3735. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. LIMITATION ON DISCRETION OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION TO SPEND FEES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts collected as fees by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury and shall be available to U.S. Customs and Border Protection only as provided for in advance in an appropria-tions Act. 
SA 3736. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 125, line 11, insert ‘‘, or commer-cial operators operating under contract with a public entity,’’ after ‘‘systems’’. 
SA 3737. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.043 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2045 April 13, 2016 
SEC. ll. UNFAIR AND DECEPTIVE PRACTICES AND UNFAIR METHODS OF COMPETI-TION. 
Section 41712 is amended— (1) in subsections (a) and (b), by striking ‘‘air carrier, foreign air carrier, or ticket agent’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘air carrier or foreign air carrier’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘ticket agent,’’. 
SA 3738. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. MODIFICATIONS TO PILOT PROGRAM ON PRIVATE OWNERSHIP OF AIR-PORTS. 
(a) S UPPORT FOR ESSENTIAL  P
REDEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES .—Section 47134 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(n) P
REDEVELOPMENT GRANTS .—There are authorized to be appropriated, out of funds available to the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, $15,000,000 for purposes of making grants to airports, in an amount not to ex-ceed $750,000 per grant, to carry out predevelopment activities relating to the pilot program under this section, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, may reasonably require.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF ENTITIES PARTIALLY  O
WNED BY PUBLIC AGENCIES TO PARTICIPATE  
INPILOT PROGRAM .—Subsection (a) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘public agen-cy’’ and inserting ‘‘person owned solely by a public agency’’. (c) I
NCREASE IN PARTICIPATION OF CERTAIN  A
IRPORTS .—Subsection (d)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘more than 1 applica-tion submitted by an airport’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 3 applications submitted by air-ports’’. 
SA 3739. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. AIRLINE TRANSPORT PILOT CERTIFI-CATE REQUIREMENTS. 
Subsection (d) of section 217 of the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Extension Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–216; 49 U.S.C. 44701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘courses,’’ and inserting ‘‘courses and courses offered by certificated air carriers,’’. 
SA 3740. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
Section 40122(g)(2)(B) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘3304(f),’’ before ‘‘3308- 3320’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘3330a, 3330b, 3330c, and 3330d,’’ before ‘‘relating’’. 
SA 3741. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 339, strike line 24, and all that follows through page 340, line 5, and insert the following: (c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to any employee of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration or the Transportation Security Administration hired on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall 
SA 3742. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXCEPTIONS TO RESTRUCTURING OF PASSENGER FEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 44940(c) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Fees im-posed’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2), fees imposed’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Fees imposed under sub-section (a)(1) may not exceed $2.50 per enplanement, and the total amount of such fees may not exceed $5.00 per one-way trip, for passengers— ‘‘(A) boarding to an eligible place under subchapter II of chapter 417 for which essen-tial air service compensation is paid under that subchapter; or ‘‘(B) on flights, including flight segments, between 2 or more points in Hawaii or 2 or more points in Alaska.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF FEEEXCEPTIONS .— The Secretary of Homeland Security shall implement the fee exceptions under the amendments made by subsection (a)— (1) beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) through the publication of notice of the fee exceptions in the Federal Register, not-withstanding section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, and the procedural require-ments of section 553 of title 5, United States Code. SA 3743. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. LIABILITY PROTECTION FOR VOLUN-TEER PILOTS WHO FLY FOR THE PUBLIC BENEFIT. 
(a) F INDINGS AND PURPOSES .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (A) Many volunteer pilots fly for the public benefit for nonprofit organizations and pro-vide valuable services to communities and individuals in need. (B) In each calendar year volunteer pilots and the nonprofit organizations those pilots fly for provide long-distance, no-cost trans-portation for tens of thousands of people dur-ing times of special need. Flights provide pa-tient and medical transport, disaster relief, and humanitarian assistance, and conduct other charitable missions that benefit the public. (C) Such nonprofit organizations have sup-ported the homeland security of the United States by providing volunteer pilot services during and following disasters and during other times of national emergency. (D) Most other kinds of volunteers are pro-tected from liability by the Volunteer Pro-tection Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 14501 et seq.), but volunteer pilots are not. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are, by amending the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997— (A) to extend the protection of that Act to volunteer pilots; (B) to promote the activities of volunteer pilots and the nonprofit organizations those pilots fly for in providing flights for the pub-lic benefit; and (C) to sustain and enhance the availability of the services that such pilots and nonprofit organizations provide, including— (i) transportation at no cost to financially needy medical patients for medical treat-ment, evaluation, and diagnosis; (ii) flights for humanitarian and charitable purposes; and (iii) other flights of compassion. (b) L
IABILITY PROTECTION FOR PILOTS THAT F
LY FOR PUBLIC BENEFIT .—Section 4 of the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 14503) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (c) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (b) and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (b), (c), and (e)’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) L
IABILITY PROTECTION FOR PILOTS  T
HAT FLY FOR PUBLIC BENEFIT .—Except as provided in subsections (c) and (e), no volun-teer of a volunteer pilot nonprofit organiza-tion that arranges flights for public benefit shall be liable for harm caused by an act or omission of the volunteer on behalf of the or-ganization if, at the time of the act or omis-sion, the volunteer— ‘‘(1) was operating an aircraft in further-ance of the purpose of, and acting within the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.046 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2046 April 13, 2016 
scope of the volunteer’s responsibilities on behalf of, the nonprofit organization; ‘‘(2) was properly licensed and insured for the operation of the aircraft; ‘‘(3) was in compliance with all require-ments of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion for recent flight experience; and ‘‘(4) did not cause the harm through willful or criminal misconduct, gross negligence, reckless misconduct, or a conscious, flagrant indifference to the rights or safety of the in-dividual harmed by the volunteer.’’. 
SA 3744. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3110 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3110. REFUNDS FOR OTHER FEES THAT ARE NOT HONORED BY A COVERED AIR CARRIER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall pro-mulgate regulations that require each cov-ered air carrier to promptly provide a refund to a passenger, upon request, of any ancil-lary fees paid by the passenger for a service, as defined and disclosed by the air carrier, that, except as provided in subsection (b), the passenger does not receive, including on the passenger’s scheduled flight or, if the flight is rescheduled, a subsequent replace-ment itinerary. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) V
OLUNTARY CHANGES IN ITINERARY .— Subsection (a) shall not apply if a passenger does not receive a service described in that subsection because the passenger voluntarily chose to make changes to the passenger’s flight itinerary. (2) E
XTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANES .—An air carrier is not required to provide a refund under subsection (a) with respect to a fee for a service if the carrier is prevented from pro-vide the service by extraordinary cir-cumstances that could not have been avoided by the air carrier even if all reasonable measures had been taken. 
SA 3745. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 5023 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 5023. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE STUDY OF INTERNATIONAL AIR CARRIER ALLIANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of certain cooperative agreements between United States air carriers and non-United States air carriers (referred to in this section as ‘‘alliances’’) that— (1) have been created pursuant to section 41309 of title 49, United States Code; and (2) have been exempted from antitrust laws (as defined in the first section of the Clayton Act ( 15 U.S.C. 12)) pursuant to section 41308 of title 49, United States Code. (b) S
COPE.—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall assess— (1) the public benefits to consumers of alli-ances and the consequences of alliances, if any, to competition, pricing, and new entry into markets served by alliances; (2) the representations made by air carriers to the Secretary of Transportation for the necessity of an antitrust exemption; (3) the Department of Transportation’s ex-pectations of public benefits resulting from alliances, including whether such expected benefits were actually achieved; (4) the Department of Transportation’s role in the approval and monitoring of alli-ances; (5) whether there has been sufficient trans-parency in the approval of alliances, includ-ing opportunities for public review and feed-back; (6) the role of the Department of Justice in the oversight of alliances; (7) whether there are alternatives to anti-trust immunity that could be conferred that would also produce public benefits; and (8) the level of competition between alli-ances. (c) RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SA 3746. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3109 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3109. REFUNDS FOR DELAYED BAGGAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue final regulations to require a covered air car-rier to promptly provide a refund to a pas-senger, upon request, in the amount of any applicable ancillary fees paid by the pas-senger if the air carrier has charged the pas-senger an ancillary fee for checked baggage and, except as provided in subsection (b), the air carrier fails to deliver the checked bag-gage to the passenger within 24 hours of the time of arrival of the passenger at the pas-senger’s destination. (b) E
XCEPTION .—An air carrier is not re-quired to provide a refund under subsection (a) with respect to checked baggage if the air carrier is prevented from delivering checked baggage by the time specified in subsection (a) by extraordinary circumstances that could not have been avoided by the air car-rier even if all reasonable measures had been taken. Strike section 3110 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3110. REFUNDS FOR OTHER FEES THAT ARE NOT HONORED BY A COVERED AIR CARRIER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall pro-mulgate regulations that require each cov-ered air carrier to promptly provide a refund to a passenger, upon request, of any ancil-lary fees paid by the passenger for a service, as defined and disclosed by the air carrier, that, except as provided in subsection (b), the passenger does not receive, including on the passenger’s scheduled flight or, if the flight is rescheduled, a subsequent replace-ment itinerary. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) VOLUNTARY CHANGES IN ITINERARY .— Subsection (a) shall not apply if a passenger does not receive a service described in that subsection because the passenger voluntarily chose to make changes to the passenger’s flight itinerary. (2) E
XTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANES .—An air carrier is not required to provide a refund under subsection (a) with respect to a fee for a service if the carrier is prevented from pro-vide the service by extraordinary cir-cumstances that could not have been avoided by the air carrier even if all reasonable measures had been taken. Strike section 5023 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 5023. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE STUDY OF INTERNATIONAL AIR CARRIER ALLIANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of certain cooperative agreements between United States air carriers and non-United States air carriers (referred to in this section as ‘‘alliances’’) that— (1) have been created pursuant to section 41309 of title 49, United States Code; and (2) have been exempted from antitrust laws (as defined in the first section of the Clayton Act ( 15 U.S.C. 12)) pursuant to section 41308 of title 49, United States Code. (b) S
COPE.—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall assess— (1) the public benefits to consumers of alli-ances and the consequences of alliances, if any, to competition, pricing, and new entry into markets served by alliances; (2) the representations made by air carriers to the Secretary of Transportation for the necessity of an antitrust exemption; (3) the Department of Transportation’s ex-pectations of public benefits resulting from alliances, including whether such expected benefits were actually achieved; (4) the Department of Transportation’s role in the approval and monitoring of alli-ances; (5) whether there has been sufficient trans-parency in the approval of alliances, includ-ing opportunities for public review and feed-back; (6) the role of the Department of Justice in the oversight of alliances; (7) whether there are alternatives to anti-trust immunity that could be conferred that would also produce public benefits; and (8) the level of competition between alli-ances. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. LIABILITY PROTECTION FOR VOLUN-TEER PILOTS WHO FLY FOR THE PUBLIC BENEFIT. 
(a) F INDINGS AND PURPOSES .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (A) Many volunteer pilots fly for the public benefit for nonprofit organizations and pro-vide valuable services to communities and individuals in need. (B) In each calendar year volunteer pilots and the nonprofit organizations those pilots fly for provide long-distance, no-cost trans-portation for tens of thousands of people dur-ing times of special need. Flights provide pa-tient and medical transport, disaster relief, and humanitarian assistance, and conduct other charitable missions that benefit the public. (C) Such nonprofit organizations have sup-ported the homeland security of the United States by providing volunteer pilot services during and following disasters and during other times of national emergency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.048 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2047 April 13, 2016 
(D) Most other kinds of volunteers are pro-tected from liability by the Volunteer Pro-tection Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 14501 et seq.), but volunteer pilots are not. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are, by amending the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997— (A) to extend the protection of that Act to volunteer pilots; (B) to promote the activities of volunteer pilots and the nonprofit organizations those pilots fly for in providing flights for the pub-lic benefit; and (C) to sustain and enhance the availability of the services that such pilots and nonprofit organizations provide, including— (i) transportation at no cost to financially needy medical patients for medical treat-ment, evaluation, and diagnosis; (ii) flights for humanitarian and charitable purposes; and (iii) other flights of compassion. (b) L
IABILITY PROTECTION FOR PILOTS THAT F
LY FOR PUBLIC BENEFIT .—Section 4 of the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 14503) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (c) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (b) and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (b), (c), and (e)’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) L
IABILITY PROTECTION FOR PILOTS  T
HAT FLY FOR PUBLIC BENEFIT .—Except as provided in subsections (c) and (e), no volun-teer of a volunteer pilot nonprofit organiza-tion that arranges flights for public benefit shall be liable for harm caused by an act or omission of the volunteer on behalf of the or-ganization if, at the time of the act or omis-sion, the volunteer— ‘‘(1) was operating an aircraft in further-ance of the purpose of, and acting within the scope of the volunteer’s responsibilities on behalf of, the nonprofit organization; ‘‘(2) was properly licensed and insured for the operation of the aircraft; ‘‘(3) was in compliance with all require-ments of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion for recent flight experience; and ‘‘(4) did not cause the harm through willful or criminal misconduct, gross negligence, reckless misconduct, or a conscious, flagrant indifference to the rights or safety of the in-dividual harmed by the volunteer.’’. 
SA 3747. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2321. AVIATION RULEMAKING COMMITTEE FOR PILOT REST AND DUTY REGU-LATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall convene an aviation rulemaking committee to review pilot rest and duty regulations under part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) C
OMPOSITION .—The aviation rulemaking committee convened under subsection (a) shall consist of members appointed by the Administrator, including— (1) applicable representatives of industry; (2) a pilot labor organization exclusively representing a minimum of 1,000 pilots who are covered by— (A) part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Reg-ulations; and (B) subpart K of part 91 of such title; and (3) aviation safety experts with specific knowledge of flight crewmember education and training requirements relating to part 135 of such title. (c) MATTERS TOBEADDRESS .—In reviewing the pilot rest and duty regulations under part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, the aviation rulemaking committee shall consider the following: (1) Recommendations of aviation rule-making committees convened before the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) Accommodations necessary for small businesses. (3) Scientific data derived from aviation- related fatigue and sleep research. (4) Data gathered from aviation safety re-porting programs. (5) The need to accommodate diversity of operations conducted under part 135 of such title. (6) Such other matters as the Adminis-trator considers appropriate. (d) R
EPORT AND NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULE-
MAKING .—The Administrator shall— (1) not later than 24 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report based on the findings of the aviation rule-making committee convened under sub-section (a); and (2) not later than 12 months after submit-ting the report required under paragraph (1), issue a notice of proposed rulemaking con-sistent with any consensus recommendations reached by the aviation rulemaking com-mittee. 
SA 3748. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3109 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3109. REFUNDS FOR DELAYED BAGGAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue final regulations to require a covered air car-rier to promptly provide a refund to a pas-senger, upon request, in the amount of any applicable ancillary fees paid by the pas-senger if the air carrier has charged the pas-senger an ancillary fee for checked baggage and, except as provided in subsection (b), the air carrier fails to deliver the checked bag-gage to the passenger within 24 hours of the time of arrival of the passenger at the pas-senger’s destination. (b) E
XCEPTION .—An air carrier is not re-quired to provide a refund under subsection (a) with respect to checked baggage if the air carrier is prevented from delivering checked baggage by the time specified in subsection (a) by extraordinary circumstances that could not have been avoided by the air car-rier even if all reasonable measures had been taken. 
SA 3749. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2320. INCREASED PENALTIES FOR UNFAIR AND DECEPTIVE AIRFARE ADVER-TISING PRACTICES. 
Section 46301(a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) P
ENALTY FOR VIOLATIONS OF UNFAIR  
AND DECEPTIVE AIRFARE ADVERTISING PRAC-
TICES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the maximum civil penalty assessed on a person for an unfair or deceptive practice in viola-tion of section 41712 and described in section 399.84 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling), shall be— ‘‘(A) $55,000; or ‘‘(B) if the person is an individual or small business concern, $2,500.’’. 
SA 3750. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 2502, add the fol-lowing: (d) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTIFICATION OF A FOR-
EIGN REPAIR STATION IN A COUNTRY THATHAS R
EPEATEDLY PROVIDED SUPPORT FOR ACTS OF  I
NTERNATIONAL TERRORISM .—The Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion may not certify any foreign repair sta-tion under part 145 of title 14, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, in any country designated as a country that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism under section 6(j) of the Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or section 620A of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371). 
SA 3751. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 2502, add the fol-lowing: (d) C
ERTIFICATION OF FOREIGN REPAIR STA-
TIONS SUSPENSION .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may not certify any foreign repair station under part 145 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, beginning on the date that is— (1) 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, if the final rule required by sub-section (b)(2) has not been issued; or (2) 180 days after such date of enactment, if the requirements of subsection (c) have not been fully carried out. 
SA 3752. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.049 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2048 April 13, 2016 
and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NORTHERN BORDER SECURITY RE-VIEW. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Border Security Re-view Act’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (F) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and (H) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. (c) N
ORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a Northern Border threat analysis that includes— (A) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (i) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (ii) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (B) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (i) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (ii) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across to the Northern Border; (C) gaps in law, policy, cooperation be-tween State, tribal, and local law enforce-ment, international agreements, or tribal agreements that hinder effective and effi-cient border security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking ef-forts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (D) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (2) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— (A) technology needs and challenges; (B) personnel needs and challenges; (C) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (D) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (E) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (F) the needs and challenges of Department facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (3) CLASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the threat analysis re-quired under paragraph (1) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is ap-propriate for that portion. 
SA 3753. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STATE PRIORITIZATION OF DISPATCH OF AIR AMBULANCE SERVICE PRO-VIDERS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation, includ-ing section 41713 of title 49, United States Code, a State may enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law that creates a primary and secondary call list of air ambulance service providers in the State for distribu-tion to emergency response entities and per-sonnel to prioritize the dispatch of air ambu-lance serve providers. Prioritization may be based on— (1) participation in health insurance pro-vider networks in the State; or (2) participation in mediation for reim-bursement of out-of-network emergency services. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Except as specifically provided in subsection (a), nothing in this section may be construed as limiting the ap-plicability or otherwise modifying any avia-tion safety, aviation operations, or other re-quirement of title 49, United States Code. 
SA 3754. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5032. ADDITIONAL BEYOND-PERIMETER SLOT EXEMPTIONS AT RONALD REAGAN WASHINGTON NATIONAL AIRPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 49104(a)(5), 49109, and 41714 of title 49, United States Code, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall, by order, grant to an air carrier described in sub-section (b) 2 exemptions from the require-ments of subparts K, S, and T of part 93 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to en-able that air carrier to provide air transpor-tation on routes between Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and an airport described in subsection (c). (b) A
IRCARRIER DESCRIBED .—An air carrier described in this subsection is an air carrier that, as of January 1, 2016— (1) is not a limited incumbent air carrier at Ronald Reagan Washington National Air-port; and (2) utilitizes 4 exemptions from the re-quirements of subparts K, S, and T of part 93 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to operate flights between Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and an airport described in subsection (c). (c) AIRPORTS DESCRIBED .—An airport de-scribed in this subsection is a large hub air-port that is between 1840 and 1855 great circle miles from Ronald Reagan Washington Na-tional Airport. (d) L
IMITATION ON AIRCRAFT SIZE.—An air carrier may not operate a flight using an ex-emption granted under subsection (a) using a multi-aisle or widebody aircraft. (e) E
XEMPTIONS NOTTRANSFERRABLE .—In accordance with section 41714(j) of title 49, United States Code, an exemption granted under subsection (a) to an air carrier may not be bought, sold, leased, or otherwise transferred by the air carrier. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
IR TRANSPORTATION ; LARGE HUB AIR -
PORT .—The terms ‘‘air transportation’’ and ‘‘large hub airport’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (2) L
IMITED INCUMBENT AIR CARRIER .—The term ‘‘limited incumbent air carrier’’ has the meaning given that term in section 41714 of title 49, United States Code. 
SA 3755. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. FLIGHT NOISE IMPACT AND POTENTIAL REMEDIATION STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with State and local govern-ments, air carriers, general aviation, air-ports and air traffic controllers, and where applicable local resident advisory commit-tees, shall initiate a study of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Next Gen-eration Air Transportation System’s impact on the human environment in the vicinity of large-hub airports and selected medium-hub airports located in densely populated areas. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include— (A) an analysis regarding the statistical re-lationship of discrete noise-related com-plaints in communities located near large- hub airports and selected medium-hub air-ports located in densely populated areas to changes in noise exposure since the imple-mentation of the Next Generation Air Trans-portation System and to absolute levels of noise exposure experienced by those reg-istering noise complaints; (B) an analysis of the decrease in noise ex-perienced by communities through the devel-opment of Performance Based Navigation Procedures; (C) recommendations for processes to track and measure those impacts or benefits, if appropriate; (D) a review and evaluation of the FAA’s current policies and abilities to respond and address noise concerns; (E) an evaluation of the human environ-ment and health impacts of changes in flight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.050 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2049 April 13, 2016 
traffic in these communities including issues related to aircraft noise and pollution, in-cluding potential trade-offs between noise and carbon dioxide or emissions associated with air quality; (F) an analysis of the processes used to de-termine how Next Generation Air Transpor-tation System flight paths could be altered to mitigate the noise caused by these flights and for assessing any carbon dioxide or air quality emissions trade-offs attendant to such altered flight paths; (G) recommendations on the best and most cost-effective approaches to address in-creased noise complaints associated with the Next Generation Air Transportation System; and (H) such other issues as the Comptroller considers appropriate. (b) R
EPORT .—Upon completion of the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller Gen-eral shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under sub-section (a), including the Comptroller Gen-eral’s findings, conclusions, and rec-ommendations. 
SA 3756. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) There is scientific consensus based on sound scientific evidence that climate change is occurring due to increases in car-bon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and that human activity has caused a significant increase in the amount of these greenhouse gases. (2) Scientific measurement shows that the concentration of carbon dioxide in the at-mosphere ranged from 170 to 300 parts per 1,000,000 for at least 800,000 years, which is 4 times as long as the species Homo sapiens has existed, but, in measurements taken at the Mauna Loa Observatory in each of the 2 years preceding the date of enactment of this Act, exceeded 400 parts per 1,000,000. (3) Transportation emissions accounted for approximately 28 percent of total carbon di-oxide emissions in the United States in 2012, with emissions from the aviation sector rep-resenting about 12 percent of transportation emissions in the United States. (4) Commercial-only aviation emissions in the United States are projected to grow by almost 25 percent by 2030. (5) Climate change diminishes the effi-ciency of fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft by increasing the likelihood of takeoff weight restrictions due to warmer ground level air reducing the lift force on the wings. (6) Climate change increases the likelihood of clear-air turbulence, which already in-jures hundreds of passengers and causes structural damage to aircraft. (7) The 2015 primer of the Federal Aviation Administration entitled ‘‘Aviation Emis-sions, Impacts & Mitigation’’ acknowledges that ‘‘emissions associated with commercial aviation . . . degrade not only air quality but also the broader climate,’’ and will hurt the health and welfare of society. (8) The scientific consensus about climate change and the findings from the Federal Aviation Administration support the conclu-sions that— (A) climate change poses a challenge to the growing national aviation industry of the United States; and (B) aviation activities have a measurable effect on climate. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) climate change is real and human activ-ity is significantly contributing to climate change; (2) the scientific consensus on climate change and the findings of the national avia-tion community that climate change poses real challenges to the growing aviation in-dustry of the United States are not products of a hoax or deception perpetrated on the people of the United States; and (3) reducing greenhouse gas emissions and adapting to the effects of climate change is in the national interest of the United States. 
SA 3757. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. AMOUNTS PAID FOR AIRCRAFT MAN-AGEMENT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 4261 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
MOUNTS PAID FOR AIRCRAFT MANAGE -
MENT SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No tax shall be imposed by this section or section 4271 on any amounts paid by an aircraft owner for air-craft management services related to— ‘‘(i) maintenance and support of the air-craft owner’s aircraft; or ‘‘(ii) flights on the aircraft owner’s air-craft. ‘‘(B) A
IRCRAFT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘air-craft management services’ includes assist-ing an aircraft owner with administrative and support services, such as scheduling, flight planning, and weather forecasting; ob-taining insurance; maintenance, storage and fueling of aircraft; hiring, training, and pro-vision of pilots and crew; establishing and complying with safety standards; or such other services necessary to support flights operated by an aircraft owner. ‘‘(C) L
ESSEE TREATED AS AIRCRAFT OWNER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘aircraft owner’ includes a person who leases the aircraft other than under a disqualified lease. ‘‘(ii) D
ISQUALIFIED LEASE .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘disqualified lease’ means a lease from a person providing aircraft man-agement services with respect to such air-craft (or a related person (within the mean-ing of section 465(b)(3)(C)) to the person pro-viding such services), if such lease is for a term of 31 days or less. ‘‘(D) P
RO RATA ALLOCATION .—If any amount paid to a person represents in part an amount paid for services not described in subparagraph (A), the tax imposed by sub-section (a), if applicable to such amount, shall be applied to such payment on a pro rata basis.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. SA 3758. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 43, line 9, strike ‘‘Section 47109(a)(5)’’ and insert the following: (a) G
RANDFATHER RULE.—Section 47109(c)(2) is amended by inserting ‘‘or non-primary commercial service airport that is’’ after ‘‘primary non-hub airport’’. (b) M
ULTI-PHASED CONSTRUCTION  P
ROJECT .—Section 47109(a)(5) 
SA 3759. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3124. PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR DIS-CRIMINATION CLAIMS AGAINST AIR CARRIERS. 
Section 41705 is amended— ‘‘(d) C
IVILACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person aggrieved by a violation by an air carrier of this section or a regulation prescribed under this section may, not later than 2 years after the date of the violation, bring a civil action in the dis-trict court of the United States in the dis-trict in which the person resides, in the dis-trict in which the principal place of business of the air carrier is located, or in the district in which the violation occurred. ‘‘(2) R
ELIEF .—In a civil action brought under paragraph (1) in which the plaintiff prevails— ‘‘(A) the plaintiff may obtain equitable and legal relief, including compensatory and pu-nitive damages; and ‘‘(B) the court shall award reasonable at-torney’s fees, reasonable expert fees, and the costs of the action to the plaintiff. ‘‘(3) N
O REQUIREMENT FOR EXHAUSTION OF  
REMEDIES .—Any person aggrieved by a viola-tion by an air carrier of this section or a reg-ulation prescribed under this section is not required to exhaust administrative com-plaint procedures before filing a civil action under paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to invali-date or limit other Federal or State laws af-fording to people with disabilities greater legal rights or protections than those grant-ed in this section.’’. 
SA 3760. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.051 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2050 April 13, 2016 
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3124. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF DIS-ABILITY FOR DISCRIMINATION CLAIMS AGAINST AIR CARRIERS. 
Section 41705(a) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In providing air trans-portation, an air carrier, including (subject to section 40105(b)) any foreign air carrier, may not discriminate against an individual on the basis of disability, as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102).’’. 
SA 3761. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5037. REGULATIONS RELATING TO E-CIGA-RETTES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall, in coordination and consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration— (1) finalize the interim final rule of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration issued October 30, 2015, per-taining to e-cigarettes; and (2) expand that rule to prohibit the car-rying of battery-powered portable electronic smoking devices in checked baggage and in carry-on baggage. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘battery-powered portable electronic smok-ing devices’’ means e-cigarettes, e-cigs, e-ci-gars, e-pipes, e-hookahs, personal vaporizers, and electronic nicotine delivery systems. 
SA 3762. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3124. IMPROVING AIRLINE COMPETITIVE-NESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The people of the United States and the United States economy depend on a strong and competitive passenger air transportation industry to move people and goods in the fastest, most efficient manner. (2) In a global economy, air carriers con-nect the people of the United States with the rest of the world. A strong air transportation industry is essential to the ability of the United States to compete in the inter-national marketplace. (3) A strong air transportation industry de-pends on competition between a number of air carriers servicing a variety of routes for domestic and international travelers, at both the national and local levels. (4) Important stakeholders contribute to, and are dependent on, a robust air transpor-tation industry, including— (A) business and leisure travelers; (B) the tourism sector; (C) shippers; (D) State and local governments and port authorities; (E) aircraft manufacturers; and (F) domestic and foreign air carriers. (5) As a result of the consolidation of United States air carriers, there has been a precipitous decline in the number of major passenger air carriers in the United States. (6) In the past few years, the air transpor-tation industry has become increasingly con-centrated. In 2015, the top 4 major air car-riers accounted for 80 percent of passenger air traffic in the United States. (7) The continued success of a deregulated air carrier system requires actual competi-tion to encourage all participants in the in-dustry to provide high quality service at competitive fares. (8) Further consolidation among air car-riers threatens to leave the industry without sufficient competition to ensure that the people of the United States share in the ben-efits of a well-functioning air transportation industry. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL COMMIS -
SION TO ENSURE ALLAMERICANS HAVEACCESS  
TO AND BENEFIT FROM A STRONG AND COM-
PETITIVE AIRTRANSPORTATION INDUSTRY .— There is established a Commission, which shall be known as the ‘‘National Commission to Ensure All Americans Have Access to and Benefit from a Strong and Competitive Air Transportation Industry’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’). (c) F
UNCTIONS .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Commission shall conduct a study of the passenger air transportation industry, with priority given to issues speci-fied in subsection (d). (2) P
OLICY RECOMMENDATIONS .—Based on the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), the Commission shall rec-ommend to the President and to Congress the adoption of policies that will— (A) achieve the national goal of a strong and competitive air carrier system and fa-cilitate the ability of the United States to compete in the global economy; (B) provide robust levels of competition and air transportation at reasonable fares in cities of all sizes; (C) provide a stable work environment for employees of air carriers; (D) account for the interests of different stakeholders that contribute to, and are de-pendent on, the air transportation industry; and (E) provide appropriate levels of protection for consumers, including access to informa-tion to enable consumer choice. (d) S
PECIFIC ISSUES TOBEADDRESSED .—In conducting the study under subsection (c)(1), the Commission shall investigate— (1) the current state of competition in the air transportation industry, how the struc-ture of that competition is likely to change during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, whether that expected level of competition will be sufficient to secure the consumer benefits of air carrier deregulation, and the effects of— (A) air carrier consolidation and practices on consumers, including the competitiveness of fares and services and the ability of con-sumers to engage in comparison shopping for air carrier fees; (B) airfare pricing policies, including whether reduced competition artificially in-flates ticket prices; (C) the level of competition as of the date of the enactment of this Act on the travel distribution sector, including online and tra-ditional travel agencies and intermediaries; (D) economic and other effects on domestic air transportation markets in which 1 or 2 air carriers control the majority of available seat miles; (E) the tactics used by incumbent air car-riers to compete against smaller, regional carriers, or inhibit new or potential new en-trant air carriers into a particular market; and (F) the ability of new entrant air carriers to provide new service to underserved mar-kets; (2) the legislative and administrative ac-tions that the Federal Government should take to enhance air carrier competition, in-cluding changes that are needed in the legal and administrative policies that govern— (A) the initial award and the transfer of international routes; (B) the allocation of gates and landing rights, particularly at airports dominated by 1 air carrier or a limited number of air car-riers; (C) frequent flier programs; (D) the rights of foreign investors to invest in the domestic air transportation market-place; (E) the access of foreign air carriers to the domestic air transportation marketplace; (F) the taxes and user fees imposed on air carriers; (G) the responsibilities imposed on air car-riers; (H) the bankruptcy laws of the United States and related rules administered by the Department of Transportation as such laws and rules apply to air carriers; (I) the obligations of failing air carriers to meet pension obligations; (J) antitrust immunity for international air carrier alliances and the process for ap-proving such alliances and awarding that im-munity; (K) competition of air carrier codeshare partnerships and joint ventures; and (L) constraints on new entry into the do-mestic air transportation marketplace; (3) whether the policies and strategies of the United States in international air trans-portation are promoting the ability of United States air carriers to achieve long- term competitive success in international air transportation markets, and to secure the benefits of robust competition, includ-ing— (A) the general negotiating policy of the United States with respect to international air transportation; (B) the desirability of multilateral rather than bilateral negotiations with respect to international air transportation; (C) whether foreign countries have devel-oped the necessary infrastructure of airports and airways to enable United States air car-riers to provide the service needed to meet the demand for air transportation between the United States and those countries; (D) the desirability of liberalization of United States domestic air transportation markets; and (E) the impediments to access by foreign air carriers to routes to and from the United States; (4) the effect that air carrier consolidation has had on business and leisure travelers, and travel and tourism more broadly; and (5) the effect that air carrier consolidation has had on— (A) employment and economic develop-ment opportunities of localities, particularly small and mid-size localities; and (B) former hub airports, including the posi-tive and negative consequences of routing air traffic through hub airports. (e) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Commission shall be composed of 21 members, of whom— (A) 7 shall be appointed by the President; (B) 4 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.053 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2051 April 13, 2016 
(C) 3 shall be appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives; (D) 4 shall be appointed by the majority leader of the Senate; and (E) 3 shall be appointed by the minority leader of the Senate. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Members appointed pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall be appointed from among United States citizens who bring knowledge of, and informed insights into, aviation, transportation, travel, and tourism policy. (B) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members appointed pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be appointed in a manner so that at least 1 member of the Commission represents the interests of each of the following: (i) The Department of Transportation. (ii) The Department of Justice. (iii) Legacy, networked air carriers. (iv) Non-legacy air carriers. (v) Air carrier employees. (vi) Large aircraft manufacturers. (vii) Ticket agents not part of an Internet- based travel company. (viii) Large airports. (ix) Small or mid-size airports with com-mercial service. (x) Shippers. (xi) Consumers. (xii) General aviation. (xiii) Local governments or port authori-ties that operate commercial airports. (xiv) Internet-based travel companies. (xv) The travel and tourism industry. (xvi) Global distribution systems. (xvii) Corporate business travelers. (3) T
ERMS .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (4) C
HAIRMAN .—The Chairman of the Com-mission shall be elected by the members of the Commission. (5) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commis-sion shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. (6) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Members shall serve without pay, but shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of sub-sistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (f) S
TAFF .—The Commission may appoint and fix the pay of such personnel as the Com-mission considers appropriate. (g) S
TAFF OF FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Upon the request of the Commission, the head of any Federal agency may detail, on a reimburs-able basis, any of the personnel of that agen-cy to the Commission to assist the Commis-sion in carrying out its duties under this sec-tion. (h) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SERVICES .— Upon the request of the Commission, the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, the administrative support services nec-essary for the Commission to carry out its responsibilities under this section. (i) O
BTAINING OFFICIAL DATA.—The Com-mission may secure directly from any Fed-eral agency information (other than infor-mation required by any provision of law to be kept confidential by that agency) that is necessary for the Commission to carry out its duties under this section. Upon the re-quest of the Commission, the head of such agency shall furnish such nonconfidential in-formation to the Commission. (j) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which initial appointments of members to the Commission are made under subsection (e)(1), and after a public comment period of not less than 30 days, the Commis-sion shall submit a report to the President and Congress that— (1) describes the activities of the Commis-sion; (2) includes recommendations made by the Commission under subsection (c)(2); and (3) contains a summary of the comments received during the public comment period. (k) TERMINATION .—The Commission shall terminate on the date that is 180 days after the date of the submission of the report under subsection (j). Upon the submission of such report, the Commission shall deliver all records and papers of the Commission to the Administrator of General Services for de-posit in the National Archives. 
SA 3763. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 206, between lines 8 and 9, insert the following: (c) J
OINT TASKFORCE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in coordination with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Home-land Security, the head of the Federal agen-cy authorized to regulate the use of laser pointers, and any other appropriate Federal stakeholders, shall establish a joint task force (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Laser Pointer Safety Task Force’’) to ad-dress dangers from laser pointers by estab-lishing a coordinated response to mitigate the threat of laser pointers aimed at air-craft. (2) R
EPRESENTATION .—The Administrator shall appoint a representative of the Federal Aviation Administration to lead the Laser Pointer Safety Task Force, which shall also includes representatives of the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Se-curity, the Federal agency authorized to reg-ulate the use of laser pointers, and any other appropriate Federal stakeholder. (3) P
UBLIC EDUCATION CAMPAIGN .—The Laser Pointer Safety Task Force shall de-velop a public education campaign to inform the public of the dangers of pointing a laser at aircraft. (4) I
NCIDENT DETECTION AND REPORTING .— The Laser Pointer Safety Task Force shall develop methods for— (A) encouraging the reporting of incidents of laser pointers aimed at an aircraft; and (B) assess what technology could be used to enhance the detection of such incidents and to protect pilots from such incidents. (5) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Laser Pointer Safety Task Force shall sub-mit a report to Congress that describes its efforts under this subsection and includes recommendations for further measures need-ed to prevent or respond to the use of laser pointers against aircraft. (6) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for the Laser Pointer Safety Task Force to carry out the objectives set forth in this subsection. 
SA 3764. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: On page 197, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘first- or second-class airman’’ and insert ‘‘first-, second-, or third-class airman’’. 
SA 3765. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike subtitle F of title II and insert the following: Subtitle F—Exemption From Medical Certification Requirements 
SEC. 2601. REPORTING BY PILOTS EXEMPT FROM MEDICAL CERTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall require any pilot who is exempt from medical certification require-ments to submit, not less frequently than once every 180 days, a report to the Depart-ment of Transportation that— (1) identifies the pilot’s status as an active pilot; and (2) includes a summary of the pilot’s recent flight hours. 
SEC. 2602. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE REPORT ASSESSING EFFECT ON PUBLIC SAFETY OF EXEMPTION FOR SPORT PILOTS FROM REQUIRE-MENT FOR A MEDICAL CERTIFICATE. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that assesses the effect of section 61.23(c)(ii) of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions (permitting a person to exercise the privileges of a sport pilot certificate without holding a medical certificate), on public safe-ty since 2004. 
SA 3766. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 258, after line 25, add the fol-lowing: (m) R
ULEMAKING ESTABLISHING MINIMUM  L
IABILITY INSURANCE LEVELS FOR PILOTS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a rulemaking to establish minimum levels of liability insurance for any pilot covered under this section. 
SA 3767. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.053 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2052 April 13, 2016 
was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 59, line 12, strike ‘‘A violation’’ and insert the following: (a) P
RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION AGAINST UN-
FAIR AND DECEPTIVE PRACTICES .—Section 41712 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person aggrieved by an action prohibited under this section may file a civil action for damages and injunctive relief in any Federal district court or State court located in the State in which— ‘‘(A) the unlawful action is alleged to have been committed; or ‘‘(B) the aggrieved person resides. ‘‘(2) E
NFORCEMENT BY A STATE .—The attor-ney general of any State, as parens patriae, may bring a civil action to enforce the provi-sions of this section in— ‘‘(A) any district court of the United States in that State; or ‘‘(B) any State court that is located in that State and has jurisdiction over the defend-ant.’’. (b) V
IOLATION OF A PRIVACY POLICY .—A vio- lation 
SA 3768. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 279, line 7, strike ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert the following: (a) N
OPREEMPTION OF CONSUMER PROTEC -
TION CLAIMS .—Section 41713(b)(4) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) N
O PREEMPTION OF CONSUMER PROTEC -
TION CLAIMS .—Nothing in subparagraphs (A) through (C) may be construed— ‘‘(i) to preempt, displace, or supplant any action for civil damages or injunctive relief based on a State consumer protection stat-ute; or ‘‘(ii) to restrict the authority of any gov-ernment entity, including a State attorney general, from bringing a legal claim on be-half of the citizens of such State.’’. (b) S
UPPLEMENTAL NOTICE OF PROPOSED  R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 
SA 3769. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 222, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: 
SEC. 2321. CABIN AIR QUALITY TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate research and development work on effective air cleaning and sensor technology for the engine and auxiliary power unit for bleed air supplied to the passenger cabin and flight deck of a pres-surized aircraft. (b) T
ECHNOLOGY REQUIREMENTS .—The tech- nology developed under subsection (a) shall be capable of— (1) removing oil-based contaminants from the bleed air supplied to the passenger cabin and flight deck; and (2) detecting and recording oil-based con-taminants in the bleed air fraction of the total air supplied to the passenger cabin and flight deck. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to Con-gress that describes the results of the re-search and development work carried out under subsection (a). (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SA 3770. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5032. DIVERSIONS TO BRADLEY INTER-NATIONAL AIRPORT. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall coordinate with the op-erator of Bradley International Airport, Windsor Locks, Connecticut, to develop and implement a plan for irregular operations that result in aircraft being diverted to the airport to ensure that the airport is not ad-versely affected. 
SA 3771. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3124. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE REPORT ON BAGGAGE FEES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report assessing— (1) the extent to which baggage fees im-posed by air carriers have led to— (A) increased security costs at airports, as reflected by the need for more security screening officials and security screening equipment; and (B) economic disruption, such as requiring passengers to spend increased time waiting in line instead of pursuing more worthwhile, productive pursuits; and (2) whether any increased costs have been borne disproportionately by taxpayers in-stead of air carriers. 
SA 3772. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: Beginning on page 112, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 113, line 5, and insert the following ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—Beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of publication of the guidance under subsection (b)(1), it shall be unlawful for any person to introduce or deliver for introduction into interstate commerce any unmanned aircraft manufac-tured unless a safety statement is attached to the unmanned aircraft or accompanying the unmanned aircraft in its packaging. ‘‘(b) S
AFETY STATEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue guid-ance for implementing this section. 
SA 3773. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subsection (a) of section 3114 add the following: (5) by adding after subsection (d), as redes-ignated, the following: ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Upon re- ceipt of any complaint, an air carrier shall send the content of the complaint to the Aviation Consumer Protection Division of the Department of Transportation.’’. 
SA 3774. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 286, strike lines 5 through 19, and insert the following: (1) each covered air carrier to disclose to a consumer any ancillary fees, including the baggage fee, cancellation fee, change fee, ticketing fee, and seat selection fee of that covered air carrier in a standardized format; and (2) notwithstanding the manner in which information regarding the fees described in paragraph (1) is collected, each ticket agent to disclose to a consumer such fees of a cov-ered air carrier in the standardized format described in paragraph (1). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations under subsection (a) shall require that each disclo-sure— (1) if ticketing is done on an Internet Web site or other online service— (A) be prominently displayed to the con-sumer through a link on the homepage of the covered air carrier or ticket agent and prior to the point of purchase; and 
SA 3775. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.052 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2053 April 13, 2016 
Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3124. UNFAIR OR DECEPTIVE PRACTICES RELATING TO TRAVEL INSURANCE. 
Section 2 of the Act of the Act of March 9, 1945 (59 Stat. 33, chapter 20; 15 U.S.C. 1012) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), the Secretary of Transportation may in-vestigate, and take action under section 41712(a) of title 49, United States Code, with respect to, unfair or deceptive practices and unfair methods of competition with respect to insurance relating to travel in air trans-portation.’’. 
SA 3776. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3124. REGULATIONS RELATING TO DISCLO-SURE OF FLIGHT DATA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall pre-scribe regulations prohibiting an air carrier from limiting the access of consumers to in-formation relating to schedules, fares, and fees for flights in passenger air transpor-tation. (b) A
IRCARRIER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘air carrier’’ means an air carrier or foreign air carrier, as those terms are de-fined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SA 3777. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 201, between lines 20 and 21, insert the following: ‘‘(3) the existence and utility of the Na-tional Human Trafficking Resource Center. 
SA 3778. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 2307, insert the following: 
SEC. 2307A. TRAINING ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING FOR ADDITIONAL AIR CARRIER PER-SONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each air carrier shall pro-vide ticket counter agents, gate agents, and other personnel of such air carrier whose du-ties include regular interaction with pas-sengers training on recognizing and respond-ing to victims and potential victims of human trafficking. Such training shall be in addition to any other training provided by an air carrier to such personnel. (b) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘air carrier’’ means a person, including a commercial enterprise, that has been issued an air carrier operating certificate under section 44705 of title 49, United States Code. 
SA 3779. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—CROSS-BORDER TRADE ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Cross-Bor-der Trade Enhancement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. l02. REPEAL AND TRANSITION PROVISION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), section 560 of the Department of Home-land Security Appropriations Act, 2013 (divi-sion D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378) and section 559 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note) are repealed. (b) A
GREEMENTS IN EFFECT .—Notwith- standing subsection (a), nothing in this Act may be construed as affecting in any manner an agreement entered into pursuant to sec-tion 560 of the Department of Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378) or section 559 of the Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note) that is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, and any such agreement shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date. (c) P
ROPOSED AGREEMENTS .—Notwith- standing subsection (a), nothing in this Act may be construed as affecting in any manner a proposal accepted for consideration by U.S. Customs and Border Protection pursuant to section 559 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note) that was accepted prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. l03. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ mean the General Services Admin-istration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ mean the Administrator of the Ad-ministration. (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (4) D
ONATION AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘do-nation agreement’’ means an agreement made under section l05(a). (5) F
EE AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘fee agree-ment’’ means an agreement made by the Commissioner under section l04(a)(1). (6) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (A) an individual; (B) a corporation, partnership, trust, es-tate, association, or any other private or public entity; (C) a Federal, State, or local government; (D) any subdivision, agency, or instrumen-tality of a Federal, State, or local govern-ment; or (E) any other governmental entity. (7) RELEVANT COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘relevant committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Environment and Public Works, the Committee on Finance, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. l04. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO FEE AGREEMENTS FOR THE PROVISION OF CERTAIN SERVICES OF U.S. CUS-TOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION. 
(a) F EEAGREEMENTS .— (1) A
UTHORITY FOR FEE AGREEMENTS .—Not- withstanding section 13031(e) of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)) and section 451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451), the Com-missioner may, upon the request of any per-son, enter into an agreement with that per-son under which— (A) U.S. Customs and Border Protection will provide the services described in para-graph (4) at a port of entry or any other fa-cility where U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection provides or will provide services; (B) such person will remit a fee imposed under subsection (b) to U.S. Customs and Border Protection in an amount equal to the full costs incurred or that will be incurred in providing such services; and (C) any additional facilities at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection services are performed or deemed necessary for the provi-sion of services under an agreement entered into under this section shall be provided, maintained, and equipped by such person, without additional cost to the Federal Gov-ernment, in accordance with U.S. Customs and Border Protection specifications. (2) C
RITERIA .—The Commissioner shall es-tablish criteria for entering into a partner-ship under paragraph (1) that include the fol-lowing: (A) Selection and evaluation of potential partners. (B) Identification and documentation of roles and responsibilities between U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, General Serv-ices Administration, and private and govern-ment partners. (C) Identification, allocation, and manage-ment of explicit and implicit risks of partnering between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, General Services Administra-tion, and private and government partners. (D) Decision-making and dispute resolu-tion processes in partnering arrangements. (E) Criteria and processes for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to terminate agree-ments if private or government partners are not meeting the terms of such a partnership, including the security standards established by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (3) P
UBLICATION .—The Commissioner shall make publicly available the criteria estab-lished under paragraph (2), and shall notify the relevant committees of Congress not less than 15 days prior to the publication of the criteria and any subsequent changes to such criteria. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.054 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2054 April 13, 2016 
(4) S ERVICES DESCRIBED .—Services de-scribed in this paragraph are any services re-lated to, or in support of, customs, agricul-tural processing, border security, or inspec-tion-related immigration matters provided by an employee or contractor of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection at ports of entry or any other facility where U.S. Customs and Border Protection provides or will provide services. (5) M
ODIFICATION OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS .— The Commissioner, at the request of a person who has previously entered into an agree-ment with U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion for the reimbursement of fees in effect on the date of enactment of this Act, may modify such agreement to implement any provisions of this title. (6) L
IMITATION .—The Commissioner may not enter into a reimbursable fee agreement under this subsection if such agreement would unduly and permanently impact serv-ices funded in this Act or any appropriations Act, or provided from any account in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees. (7) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Except as pro-vided in paragraphs (8) and (9), there shall be no limit to the number of fee agreements that may be entered into by the Commis-sioner. (8) A
UTHORITY FOR NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .— (A) R
ESOURCE AVAILABILITY .—If the Com-missioner finds that resource or allocation constraints would prevent U.S. Customs and Border Protection from fulfilling, in whole or in part, requests for services under the terms of existing or proposed fee agree-ments, the Commissioner shall impose an-nual limits on the number of new fee agree-ments. (B) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—If the Commissioner limits the number of new fee agreements under this paragraph, the Commissioner shall annually evaluate and reassess such limits and publish the results of such evalua-tion and affirm any such limits that shall re-main in effect in a publicly available format. (9) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS AT AIR PORTS OF  
ENTRY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner may not enter into more than 10 fee agreements per year to provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection services at air ports of entry. (B) C
ERTAIN COSTS .—A fee agreement for U.S. Customs and Border Protection services at an air port of entry may only provide for the reimbursement of— (i) salaries and expenses of not more than 5 full-time equivalent U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers; (ii) costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the payment of over-time to employee; (iii) the salaries and expenses of employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. customs and Border Protection officers in performing law enforcement func-tions at air ports of entry, including primary and secondary processing of passengers; and (iv) other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to services described in paragraph (2), such as tem-porary placement or permanent relocation of such employees. (C) P
RECLEARANCE .—The authority in the section may not be used to enter into new preclearance agreements or initiate the pro-vision of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion services outside of the United States. (10) P
ORT OF ENTRY SIZE CONSIDERATION .—If the number of fee agreement proposals that meet the eligibility criteria established in paragraph (2) exceed the number of fee agree-ments that the Commissioner is permitted by law to enter into, then the Commissioner shall— (A) ensure that each fee agreement pro-posal is given equal consideration regardless of the size of the port of entry; and (B) report to the relevant committees of Congress on the number of fee agreement proposals that the Commissioner did not enter into due to legal restrictions on the number of fee agreements that the Commis-sioner is permitted to enter into. (11) DENIED APPLICATION .—If the Commis-sioner denies a proposal for a fee agreement, the Commission shall provide the person who submitted the proposal a detailed justifica-tion for the denial. (12) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed— (A) to require a person entering into a fee agreement to cover costs that are otherwise the responsibility of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other agency of the Federal Government and are not incurred, or expected to be incurred, to cover services specifically covered by an agreement entered into under authorities provided by this title; or (B) to unduly and permanently reduce the responsibilities or duties of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to provide services at ports of entry that have been authorized or mandated by law and are funded in any ap-propriation Act or from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees. (13) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Decisions of the Commissioner under this subsection are in the discretion of the Commissioner and not subject to judicial review. (b) F
EE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A person who enters into a fee agreement shall pay a fee pursuant to such agreement in an amount equal to the full cost of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion— (A) of the salaries and expenses of individ-uals employed or contracted by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to provide such services; and (B) of other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection related to providing such services, such as temporary placement or permanent relocation of employees. (2) A
DVANCE PAYMENT .—The Commissioner, with approval from a person requesting serv-ices of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services pursuant to a fee agreement, may accept the fee for services prior to providing such services. (3) O
VERSIGHT OF FEES .—The Commissioner shall develop a process to oversee the activi-ties for which fees are charged pursuant to a fee agreement that includes the following: (A) A determination and report on the full cost of providing services, including direct and indirect costs, as well as a process, through consultation with affected parties and other interested stakeholders, for in-creasing such fees as necessary. (B) The establishment of a periodic remit-tance schedule to replenish appropriations, accounts or funds, as necessary. (C) The identification of costs paid by such fees. (4) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .—Amounts collected pursuant to a fee agreement shall— (A) be deposited as an offsetting collection; (B) remain available until expended, with-out fiscal year limitation; and (C) be credited to the applicable appropria-tion, account, or fund for the amount paid out of that appropriation, account, or fund for— (i) any expenses incurred or to be incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection in providing such services; and (ii) any other costs incurred by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection relating to such services. (5) T
ERMINATION BY THE COMMISSIONER .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall terminate the services provided pursuant to a fee agreement with a person that, after re-ceiving notice from the Commissioner that a fee imposed under the fee agreement is due, fails to pay such fee in a timely manner. (B) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—At the time services are terminated pursuant to subpara-graph (A), all costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection which have not been paid, will become immediately due and pay-able. (C) I
NTEREST .—Interest on unpaid fees will accrue based on the quarterly rate(s) estab-lished under sections 6621 and 6622 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986. (D) P
ENALTIES .—Any person that fails to pay any fee incurred under a fee agreement in a timely manner, after notice and demand for payment, shall be liable for a penalty or liquidated damage equal to 2 times the amount of such fee. (E) A
MOUNT COLLECTED .—Any amount col-lected pursuant to a fee agreement shall be deposited into the account specified under paragraph (4) and shall be available as de-scribed therein. (F) R
ETURN OF UNUSED FUNDS .—The Com-missioner shall return any unused funds col-lected under a fee agreement that is termi-nated for any reason, or in the event that the terms of such agreement change by mutual agreement to cause a reduction of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protections services. No in-terest shall be owed upon the return of any unused funds. (i) (6) T
ERMINATION BY THE SPONSOR .—Any per- son who has previously entered into an agreement with U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the reimbursement of fees in effect on the date of enactment of this Act, or under the provisions of this Act, may re-quest that such agreement make provision for termination at the request of such person upon advance notice, the length and terms of which shall be negotiated between such per-son and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (c) A
NNUAL REPORT AND NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commissioner shall— (1) submit to the relevant committees of Congress an annual report that identifies each fee agreement made during the previous year; and (2) not less than 15 days before entering into a fee agreement, notify the members of Congress that represent the State or district in which the affected port or facility is lo-cated. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF EXISTING REPORTS TO  C
ONGRESS .—Section 907(b) of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the program for entering into reim-bursable fee agreements for the provision of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services established by the Cross-Border Trade En-hancement Act of 2016.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—The authority for the Commission to enter into new fee agree-ments shall be in effect until September 30, 2025. Any fee agreement entered into prior to that date shall remain in effect under the terms of that fee agreement. 
SEC. l05. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AGREE-MENTS TO ACCEPT DONATIONS FOR PORTS OF ENTRY. 
(a) A GREEMENTS AUTHORIZED .— (1) C
OMMISSIONER .—The Commissioner, in collaboration with the Administrator as pro-vided under subsection (f), may enter into an agreement with any person to accept a dona-tion of real or personal property, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.056 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2055 April 13, 2016 
monetary donations, or nonpersonal serv-ices, for activities in subsection (b) at a new or existing land, sea, or air port of entry, or any facility or other infrastructure at a loca-tion where U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion performs or will be performing inspec-tion services within the United States. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—Where the Adminis-trator owns or leases a new or existing land port of entry, facility, or other infrastruc-ture at a location where U.S. Customs and Border Protection performs or will be per-forming inspection services, the Adminis-trator, in collaboration with the Commis-sioner, may enter into an agreement with any person to accept a donation of real or personal property, including monetary dona-tions, or nonpersonal services, at that loca-tion for activities set forth in subsection (b). (b) U
SE.—A donation made under a dona-tion agreement may be used for activities re-lated to construction, alteration, operation or maintenance, including expenses related to— (1) land acquisition, design, construction, repair, and alteration; (2) furniture, fixtures, equipment, and technology, including installation and the deployment thereof; and (3) operation and maintenance of the facil-ity, infrastructure, equipment, and tech-nology. (c) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY DONATIONS .— Any monetary donation accepted pursuant to a donation agreement may not be used to pay the salaries of employees of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection who perform in-spection services. (d) T
RANSFER .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO TRANSFER .—Donations accepted by the Commissioner or the Admin-istrator under a donation agreement may be transferred between U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and the Administration. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—Prior to executing a transfer under this subsection, the Commis-sioner or Administrator shall notify a person that entered into the donation agreement of an intent to transfer the donated property or services. (e) T
ERM OF DONATION AGREEMENT .—The term of a donation agreement may be as long as is required to meet the terms of the agree-ment. (f) R
OLE OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Adminis-trator’s role, involvement, and authority under this section is limited with respect to donations made at new or existing land ports of entry, facilities, or other infrastructure owned or leased by the Administration. (g) E
VALUATION PROCEDURES .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment, the Commissioner, in consultation with the Administrator as appropriate, shall issue procedures for evaluating proposals for donation agreements. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The procedures issued under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (3) C
OST-SHARING ARRANGEMENTS .—In issuing the procedures under paragraph (1), the Commissioner, in consultation with the Administration, shall evaluate the use of au-thorities provided under this section to enter into cost-sharing or reimbursement agree-ments with eligible persons and determine whether such agreements may improve facil-ity conditions or inspection services at new or existing land, sea, or air ports of entry. (h) D
ETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after receiving a proposal for a donation agreement, the Commissioner, and Adminis-trator if applicable, shall notify the person that submitted the proposal as to whether it is complete or incomplete. (2) I
NCOMPLETE PROPOSALS .—If the Com-missioner, and Administrator if applicable, determines that a proposal is incomplete, the person that submitted the proposal shall be notified and provided with— (A) a detailed description of all specific in-formation or material that is needed to com-plete review of the proposal; and (B) allow the person to resubmit the pro-posal with additional information and mate-rial described under subparagraph (A) to complete the proposal. (3) COMPLETE APPLICATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a completed and final proposal for a donation agreement, the Commissioner, and Administrator if ap-plicable, shall— (A) make a determination whether to deny or approve the proposal; and (B) notify the person that submitted the proposal of the determination. (4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making the deter-mination under paragraph (3)(A), the Com-missioner, and Administrator if applicable, shall consider— (A) the impact of the proposal on reducing wait times at that port of entry or facility and other ports of entry on the same border; (B) the potential of the proposal to in-crease trade and travel efficiency through added capacity; and (C) the potential of the proposal to en-hance the security of the port of entry or fa-cility. (i) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDING .—Any property, including monetary donations and nonper-sonal services, donated pursuant to a dona-tion agreement may be used in addition to any other funds, including appropriated funds, property, or services made available for the same purpose. (j) R
ETURN OF DONATION .—If the Commis-sioner or the Administrator does not use the property or services donated pursuant to a donation agreement, such donated property or services shall be returned to the person that made the donation. (k) I
NTEREST PROHIBITED .—No interest may be owed on any donation returned to a per-son under this subsection. (l) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN FUNDING .—The Commissioner and the Administrator may not, with respect to an agreement authorized under this section, obligate or expend amounts in excess of amounts that have been appropriated pursuant to any appropriations Act for purposes specified in the agreement or otherwise made available for any of such purposes. (m) A
NNUAL REPORT AND NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commissioner, in collaboration with the Administrator if applicable, shall— (1) submit to the relevant committees of Congress an annual report that identifies each donation agreement made during the previous year; and (2) not less than 15 days before entering into a donation agreement, notify the mem-bers of Congress that represent the State or district in which the affected port or facility is located. (n) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as oth-erwise provided in this section, nothing in this section may be construed as affecting in any manner the responsibilities, duties, or authorities of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection or the Administration. (o) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—The authority for the Commission or the Administrator to enter into new donation agreements shall be in effect until September 30, 2025. Any dona-tion agreement entered into prior to that date shall remain in effect under the terms of that donation agreement. 
SA 3780. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. NELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the, end of section 2154, add the fol-lowing: (d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—øNothing in this sec-tion shall prohibit the Administrator from authorizing the owner of a fixed site facility to operate an aircraft, including a UAS, over its own property/Nothing in this section may be construed as prohibiting the Adminis-trator from authorizing an owner of a fixed site facility to operate an aircraft, including an unmanned aircraft system, over, under, or within a specified distance from that fixed site facility¿. 
SA 3781. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2406. COMPLETION OF CERTAIN PROJECTS BY STATE DEPARTMENTS OF TRANS-PORTATION. 
With respect to a proposed construction or alteration for which notice to the Federal Aviation Administration is required under section 77.9 of title 14, Code of Federal Regu-lations, upon receiving such notice, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall allow a State department of transportation to carry out such construc-tion or alteration, and shall not require an aeronautical study under section 77.27 of such title, if such State department of trans-portation— (1) has appropriate engineering expertise to perform the construction or alteration; and (2) complies with applicable Federal Avia-tion Administration standards for the con-struction or alteration. 
SA 3782. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. REPORT ON CONSPICUITY NEEDS FOR SURFACE VEHICLES OPER-ATING ON THE AIRSIDE OF AIR CAR-RIER SERVED AIRPORTS. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall perform a study of the need for the Federal Aviation Administration to prescribe con-spicuity standards for surface vehicles oper-ating on the airside of the categories of air-ports that air carriers serve as specified in subsection (b). (b) C
OVERED AIRPORTS .—The study re-quired by subsection (a) shall cover, at a minimum, one large hub airport, one me-dium hub airport and one small hub airport, as those terms are defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.056 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2056 April 13, 2016 
(c) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than July 1, 2017, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth the results of the study required by subsection (a), including such recommendations as the Administrator con-siders appropriate regarding the need for the Administration to prescribe conspicuity standards as described in subsection (a). 
SA 3783. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT UNDER CERTAIN FEDERAL AVIA-TION ADMINISTRATION PROGRAMS TO BUY GOODS PRODUCED IN UNITED STATES. 
Subparagraph (A) of section 50101(d)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the cost of components and subcompo-nents produced in the United States— ‘‘(i) for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, is more than 60 percent of the cost of all components of the facility or equipment; ‘‘(ii) for fiscal years 2019 and 2020, is more than 65 percent of the cost of all components of the facility or equipment; and ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter, is more than 70 percent of the cost of the facility or equipment; and’’. 
SA 3784. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike subtitle A of title I and insert the following: Subtitle A—Funding of FAA Programs 
SEC. 1001. AIRPORT PLANNING AND DEVELOP-MENT AND NOISE COMPATIBILITY PLANNING AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Section 48103(a) is amended by striking ‘‘section 47505(a)(2), and carrying out noise compatibility programs under section 47504(c) $3,350,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015 and $2,652,083,333 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘section 47505(a)(2), carrying out noise compatibility programs under section 47504(c), for an airport cooperative research program under section 44511, for Airports Technology-Safety research, and Airports Technology-Efficiency research, $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and $3,750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’. (b) O
BLIGATIONAL AUTHORITY .—Section 47104(c) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘July 15, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 1002. AIR NAVIGATION FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 48101(a) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) $2,855,241,025 for fiscal year 2016. ‘‘(2) $2,862,020,524 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(3) $2,901,601,229 for fiscal year 2018.’’. SEC. 1003. FAA OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 106(k)(1) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) through (E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) $9,910,009,314 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $10,025,361,111 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(C) $10,103,780,622 for fiscal year 2018.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZED EXPENDITURES .—Section 106(k)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘for fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘for fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. (c) A
UTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS .—Sec- tion 106(k)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2018’’. 
SEC. 1004. FAA RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 48102 is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘44511-44513’’ and inserting ‘‘44512-44513’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and, for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015, under subsection (g)’’; (B) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting the following: ‘‘(9) $166,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(10) $169,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(11) $171,000,000 for fiscal year 2018.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 1005. FUNDING FOR AVIATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) A IRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND G
UARANTEE .—Section 48114(a)(1)(A) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The total budget re-sources made available from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund each fiscal year under sections 48101, 48102, 48103, and 106(k)— ‘‘(i) shall in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018, be equal to the sum of— ‘‘(I) 90 percent of the estimated level of re-ceipts plus interest credited to the Airport and Airway Trust Fund for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(II) the actual level of receipts plus inter-est credited to the Airport and Airway Trust Fund for the second preceding fiscal year minus the total amount made available for obligation from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund for the second preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) may be used only for the aviation in-vestment programs listed in subsection (b)(1).’’. (b) E
NFORCEMENT OF GUARANTEES .—Section 48114(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 1006. EXTENSION OF EXPIRING AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) M ARSHALL ISLANDS , M ICRONESIA , AND P
ALAU .—Section 47115(j) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2015 and for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF COMPATIBLE LAND USE P
LANNING AND PROJECTS BY STATE AND LOCAL  G
OVERNMENTS .—Section 47141(f) is amended by striking ‘‘July 15, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON PARTICI -
PATION IN FAA P ROGRAMS BY DISADVANTAGED  S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERNS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the number of new small business concerns owned and con-trolled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals, including those owned by veterans, that participated in the programs and activities funded using the amounts made available under this Act. (2) NEW SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a new small busi-ness concern is a small business concern that did not participate in the programs and ac-tivities described in paragraph (1) in a pre-vious fiscal year. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— (A) a list of the top 25 and bottom 25 large and medium hub airports in terms of pro-viding opportunities for small business con-cerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals to participate in the programs and activities funded using the amounts made available under this Act; (B) the results of an assessment, to be con-ducted by the Inspector General, on the rea-sons why the top airports have been success-ful in providing such opportunities; and (C) recommendations to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and Congress on methods for other airports to achieve results similar to those of the top airports. (d) E
XTENSION OF PILOT PROGRAM FOR RE-
DEVELOPMENT OF AIRPORT PROPERTIES .—Sec- tion 822(k) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47141 note) is amended by striking ‘‘July 15, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SA 3785. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 238, after line 23, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 2507. USE OF FEDERAL FACILITIES FOR AVIATION TESTING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Wallops Flight Facility is an important Federal research and test site that supports the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration (referred to in this section as ‘‘NASA’’ and other Federal and non-Federal entities through the conduct of hazardous rocket and aviation-based missions, includ-ing the launch and recovery of experimental space vehicles and aircraft being developed for NASA, the Department of Defense, and private industry. (2) The designation of restricted airspace provides the Wallops Flight Facility with critical capability to safely conduct the mis-sions described in paragraph (1) by pro-tecting public and private aircraft from the hazards associated with such missions. (3) Although Wallops Flight Facility has been working with the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration to extend its restricted airspace in order to meet the national needs of its programs for more than 5 years, and has been in a formal application process for more than 2 years, Federal Aviation Administration of-ficials have not yet approved such an exten-sion. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the Sense of Congress that— (1) it is in the public interest to make full use of Federal facilities, including facilities operated by NASA, to support aviation test-ing and operations; (2) Federal regulations governing the use of restricted airspace to support the activi-ties described in paragraph (1) should be con-tinually reviewed to ensure that such regula-tions support such activities; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.060 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2057 April 13, 2016 
(3) it is imperative that updates and changes sought by Federal agencies to sup-port hazardous rocket and aviation-based missions are evaluated and resolved by the Federal Aviation Administration as expedi-tiously as possible. (c) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, after considering the inter-agency and public comments received over the course of the review described in sub-section (a)(3), shall issue a rule regarding the requested extension of restricted airspace surrounding Wallops Flight Facility. 
SA 3786. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 2154, add the fol-lowing: (d) Savings Clause.—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed as prohibiting the Ad-ministrator from authorizing an owner of a fixed site facility to operate an aircraft, in-cluding an unmanned aircraft system, over, under, or within a specified distance from that fixed site facility. 
SA 3787. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: DIVISION A—ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONES 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this division is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—PROHIBITION OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT BAILOUTS Sec. 101. Prohibition of Federal Government bailouts. TITLE II—DESIGNATION OF ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONES (EFZ) Sec. 201. Eligibility requirements for Eco-nomic Freedom Zone Status. Sec. 202. Application and duration of des-ignation. TITLE III—FEDERAL TAX INCENTIVES Sec. 301. Tax incentives related to Economic Freedom Zones. TITLE IV—FEDERAL REGULATORY REDUCTIONS Sec. 401. Suspension of certain laws and reg-ulations. TITLE V—EDUCATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS Sec. 501. Educational opportunity tax credit. Sec. 502. School choice through portability. Sec. 503. Special Economic Freedom Zone visas. Sec. 504. Economic Freedom Zone edu-cational savings accounts. TITLE VI—COMMUNITY ASSISTANCE AND REBUILDING Sec. 601. Nonapplication of Davis-Bacon. Sec. 602. Economic Freedom Zone charitable tax credit. TITLE VII—STATE AND COMMUNITY POLICY RECOMMENDATIONS Sec. 701. Sense of the Senate concerning pol-icy recommendations. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘city’’ means any unit of general local government that is classified as a municipality by the United States Cen-sus Bureau, or is a town or township as de-termined jointly by the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget and the Sec-retary. (2) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘county’’ means any unit of local general government that is classified as a county by the United States Census Bureau. (3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a municipality or a zip code. (4) M
UNICIPALITY .—The term ‘‘munici-pality’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(40) of title 11, United States Code. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Treasury. (6) Z
IP CODE .—The term ‘‘zip code’’ means any area or region associated with or cov-ered by a United States Postal zip code of not less than 5 digits. TITLE I—PROHIBITION OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT BAILOUTS 
SEC. 101. PROHIBITION OF FEDERAL GOVERN-MENT BAILOUTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘credit rating’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 3(a)(60) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(60)); (2) the term ‘‘credit rating agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(a)(61) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(61)); (3) the term ‘‘Federal assistance’’ means the use of any advances from the Federal Re-serve credit facility or discount window that is not part of a program or facility with broad-based eligibility under section 13(3)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 343(3)(A)), Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration insurance, or guarantees for the purpose of— (A) making a loan to, or purchasing any in-terest or debt obligation of, a municipality; (B) purchasing the assets of a munici-pality; (C) guaranteeing a loan or debt issuance of a municipality; or (D) entering into an assistance arrange-ment, including a grant program, with an el-igible entity; (4) the term ‘‘insolvent’’ means, with re-spect to an eligible entity, a financial condi-tion such that the eligible entity— (A) has any debt that has been given a credit rating lower than a ‘‘B’’ by a nation-ally recognized statistical rating organiza-tion or a credit rating agency; (B) is not paying its debts as they become due, unless such debts are the subject of a bona fide dispute; or (C) is unable to pay its debts as they be-come due; and (5) the term ‘‘nationally recognized statis-tical rating organization’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(a)(62) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(62)). (b) P
ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  B
AILOUTS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL ASSISTANCE .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal assistance may be provided to an eligible entity (other than the assistance provided for in this division for an area that is designated as an Economic Free Zone). (2) P
ROHIBITION OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE TO  
BANKRUPT OR INSOLVENT ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— Except as provided in paragraph (1), the Fed-eral Government may not provide financial assistance— (A) to a municipality that is a debtor under chapter 9 of title 11, United States Code; or (B) to a municipality that is insolvent. TITLE II—DESIGNATION OF ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONES (EFZ) SEC. 201. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR ECO-NOMIC FREEDOM ZONE STATUS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF MUNICIPALITIES AS ECO-
NOMIC FREEDOM ZONES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that is a municipality may be designated by the Secretary as an Economic Freedom Zone if the municipality— (A) meets the requirements under section 109(c) of title 11, United States Code; (B) is at risk of insolvency, as determined under paragraph (2); (C) has been subject to receivership by the State within the last 3 years; (D) has been a debtor under chapter 9 of title 11, United States Code within the last 3 years; or (E) has been subject to a financial advisory board, emergency manager, or similar entity that— (i) has arisen from the legislative or execu-tive authority of the State; and (ii) exercises significant financial control over the finances of the entity within the last 3 years. (2) A
T RISK OF INSOLVENCY .—A munici-pality is at risk of insolvency if— (A) an independent actuarial firm that has been engaged by the municipality and that does not have a conflict of interest with the municipality, including any previous rela-tionship with the municipality, as deter-mined by the Secretary— (i) determines that the municipality is in-solvent (as defined in section 101(a)(4) of title 11, United States Code); and (ii) submits its analysis regarding the in-solvency of the municipality to the Sec-retary; and (B) the Secretary has reviewed and ap-proved the determination of insolvency by the actuarial firm. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF COUNTIES , CITIES , AND Z
IPCODES AS ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may be designated by the Secretary as an Economic Freedom Zone if the eligible entity— (A) is a county or city that— (i) is located in a non-metropolitan statis-tical area (as defined by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget); and (ii) meets the requirements under para-graph (2); or (B) is a zip code that meets the require-ments under paragraph (2). (2) L
OW ECONOMIC AND HIGH POVERTY  
AREA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall be eligible for designation as an Economic Freedom Zone under paragraph (1) if the eli-gible entity is designated by the Secretary as a low economic or high poverty area under subparagraph (B). (B) D
ESIGNATION AS LOW ECONOMIC AND HIGH  
POVERTY AREA .—The Secretary, after review-ing supporting data as determined appro-priate, shall designate an eligible entity as a low economic or high poverty area if— (i) the State or local government with ju-risdiction over the eligible entity certifies that— (I) the eligible entity is one of pervasive poverty, unemployment, and general dis-tress; (II) the average rate of unemployment within such eligible entity during the most recent 3-month period for which data is available is at least 1.5 times the national unemployment rate for the period involved; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.061 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2058 April 13, 2016 
(III) during the most recent 3-month pe-riod, at least 30 percent of the residents of the eligible entity have incomes below the national poverty level; or (IV) at least 70 percent of the residents of the eligible entity have incomes below 80 percent of the median income of households within the jurisdiction of the local govern-ment (as determined in the same manner as under section 119(b)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974); and (ii) the Secretary determines that such a designation is appropriate. (c) R
EFUSAL TOGRANT STATUS .—The Sec- retary may refuse to designate an eligible entity as an Economic Freedom Zone if the Secretary determines that any requirement under this division, including any require-ment under subsection (a)(2), has not been satisfied. 
SEC. 202. APPLICATION AND DURATION OF DES-IGNATION. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop procedures to enable an eligible entity to submit to the Secretary an application for designation as an Economic Freedom Zone under this title. (b) D
URATION .—The designation by the Sec-retary of an eligible entity as a Economic Freedom Zone shall be for a period of 10 years. TITLE III—FEDERAL TAX INCENTIVES 
SEC. 301. TAX INCENTIVES RELATED TO ECO-NOMIC FREEDOM ZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘Subchapter Z—Economic Freedom Zones ‘‘PART I—T
AXINCENTIVES  ‘‘PART II—D
EFINITIONS  ‘‘PART I—TAX INCENTIVES ‘‘Sec. 1400V–1. Economic Freedom Zone indi-vidual flat tax. ‘‘Sec. 1400V–2. Economic Freedom Zone cor-porate flat tax. ‘‘Sec. 1400V–3. Zero percent capital gains rate. ‘‘Sec. 1400V–4. Reduced payroll taxes. ‘‘Sec. 1400V–5. Increase in expensing under section 179. 
‘‘SEC. 1400V–1. ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE INDI-VIDUAL FLAT TAX. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any indi-vidual whose principal residence (within the meaning of section 121) is located in an Eco-nomic Freedom Zone for the taxable year, in lieu of the tax imposed by section 1, there shall be imposed a tax equal to 5 percent of the taxable income of such taxpayer. For purposes of this title, the tax imposed by the preceding sentence shall be treated as a tax imposed by section 1. ‘‘(b) J
OINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint return under section 6013, subsection (a) shall apply so long as either spouse has a principal residence (within the meaning of section 121) in an Economic Freedom Zone for the taxable year. ‘‘(c) A
LTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAXNOTTO A
PPLY .—The tax imposed by section 55 shall not apply to any taxpayer to whom sub-section (a) applies. 
‘‘SEC. 1400V–2. ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE COR-PORATE FLAT TAX. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any cor-poration located in an Economic Freedom Zone for the taxable year, in lieu of the tax imposed by section 11, there shall be imposed a tax equal to 5 percent of the taxable in-come of such corporation. For purposes of this title, the tax imposed by the preceding sentence shall be treated as a tax imposed by section 11. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any corporation for any taxable year if the adjusted gross income of such cor-poration for such taxable year exceeds $500,000,000. ‘‘(c) LOCATED .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a corporation shall be considered to be located in an Economic Freedom Zone if— ‘‘(1) not less than 10 percent of the total gross income of such corporation is derived from the active conduct of a trade or busi-ness within an Economic Freedom Zone, or ‘‘(2) at least 25 percent of the employees of such corporation are residents of an Eco-nomic Freedom Zone. ‘‘(d) A
LTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAXNOTTO A
PPLY .—The tax imposed by section 55 shall not apply to any taxpayer to whom sub-section (a) applies. 
‘‘SEC. 1400V–3. ZERO PERCENT CAPITAL GAINS RATE. 
‘‘(a) E XCLUSION .—Gross income shall not include qualified capital gain from the sale or exchange of— ‘‘(1) any Economic Freedom Zone asset held for more than 5 years, or ‘‘(2) any real property located in an Eco-nomic Freedom Zone. ‘‘(b) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONEASSET.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Economic Freedom Zone asset’ means— ‘‘(A) any Economic Freedom Zone business stock, ‘‘(B) any Economic Freedom Zone partner-ship interest, and ‘‘(C) any Economic Freedom Zone business property. ‘‘(2) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE BUSINESS  
STOCK .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Economic Freedom Zone business stock’ means any stock in a domestic corporation if— ‘‘(i) such stock is acquired by the taxpayer, before the date on which such corporation no longer qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone business due to the lapse of 1 or more Economic Freedom Zones, at its original issue (directly or through an underwriter) solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(ii) as of the time such stock was issued, such corporation was an Economic Freedom Zone business (or, in the case of a new cor-poration, such corporation was being orga-nized for purposes of being an Economic Freedom Zone business), and ‘‘(iii) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such stock, such corporation qualified as an Economic Free-dom Zone business. ‘‘(B) R
EDEMPTIONS .—A rule similar to the rule of section 1202(c)(3) shall apply for pur-poses of this paragraph. ‘‘(3) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE PARTNERSHIP  
INTEREST .—The term ‘Economic Freedom Zone partnership interest’ means any capital or profits interest in a domestic partnership if— ‘‘(A) such interest is acquired by the tax-payer, before the date on which such part-nership no longer qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone business due to the lapse of 1 or more Economic Freedom Zones, from the partnership solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(B) as of the time such interest was ac-quired, such partnership was an Economic Freedom Zone business (or, in the case of a new partnership, such partnership was being organized for purposes of being an Economic Freedom Zone business), and ‘‘(C) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such interest, such partnership qualified as an Economic Free-dom Zone business. A rule similar to the rule of paragraph (2)(B) shall apply for purposes of this paragraph. ‘‘(4) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE BUSINESS  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Economic Freedom Zone business property’ means tan-gible property if— ‘‘(i) such property was acquired by the tax-payer by purchase (as defined in section 179(d)(2)) after the date on such taxpayer qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone busi-ness and before the date on which such tax-payer no longer qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone business due to the lapse of 1 or more Economic Freedom Zones, ‘‘(ii) the original use of such property in the Economic Freedom Zone commences with the taxpayer, and ‘‘(iii) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such property, substantially all of the use of such property was in an Economic Freedom Zone business of the taxpayer. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL RULE FOR BUILDINGS WHICH  
ARE SUBSTANTIALLY IMPROVED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall be treated as met with respect to— ‘‘(I) property which is substantially im-proved by the taxpayer before the date on which such taxpayer no longer qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone business due to the lapse of 1 or more Economic Freedom Zones, and ‘‘(II) any land on which such property is lo-cated. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENT .—For pur- poses of clause (i), property shall be treated as substantially improved by the taxpayer only if, during any 24-month period begin-ning after the date on which the taxpayer qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone busi-ness additions to basis with respect to such property in the hands of the taxpayer exceed the greater of— ‘‘(I) an amount equal to the adjusted basis of such property at the beginning of such 24- month period in the hands of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(II) $5,000. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE  
TERMINATION .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the termination of the designation of the Economic Freedom Zone shall be disregarded for purposes of deter-mining whether any property is an Economic Freedom Zone asset. ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF SUBSEQUENT PUR -
CHASERS , ETC.—The term ‘Economic Freedom Zone asset’ includes any property which would be an Economic Freedom Zone asset but for paragraph (2)(A)(i), (3)(A), or (4)(A)(i) or (ii) in the hands of the taxpayer if such property was an Economic Freedom Zone asset in the hands of a prior holder. ‘‘(7) 5-
YEAR SAFE HARBOR .—If any property ceases to be an Economic Freedom Zone asset by reason of paragraph (2)(A)(iii), (3)(C), or (4)(A)(iii) after the 5-year period be-ginning on the date the taxpayer acquired such property, such property shall continue to be treated as meeting the requirements of such paragraph; except that the amount of gain to which subsection (a) applies on any sale or exchange of such property shall not exceed the amount which would be qualified capital gain had such property been sold on the date of such cessation. ‘‘(c) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE BUSINESS .— For purposes of this section, the term ‘Eco-nomic Freedom Zone business’ means any enterprise zone business (as defined in sec-tion 1397C), determined— ‘‘(1) after the application of section 1400(e), ‘‘(2) by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘50 per-cent’ in subsections (b)(2) and (c)(1) of sec-tion 1397C, and ‘‘(3) by treating only areas that are Eco-nomic Freedom Zones as an empowerment zone or enterprise community. ‘‘(d) O
THER DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL  R
ULES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED CAPITAL GAIN .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.067 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2059 April 13, 2016 
term ‘qualified capital gain’ means any gain recognized on the sale or exchange of— ‘‘(A) a capital asset, or ‘‘(B) property used in the trade or business (as defined in section 1231(b)). ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN GAIN NOT QUALIFIED .—The term ‘qualified capital gain’ shall not in-clude any gain attributable to periods before the date on which the a business qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone business or after the date that is 4 years after the date on which such business no longer qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone business due to the lapse of 1 or more Economic Freedom Zones. ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN GAIN NOT QUALIFIED .—The term ‘qualified capital gain’ shall not in-clude any gain which would be treated as or-dinary income under section 1245 or under section 1250 if section 1250 applied to all de-preciation rather than the additional depre-ciation. ‘‘(4) I
NTANGIBLES NOT INTEGRAL PART OF  
ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE BUSINESS .—In the case of gain described in subsection (a)(1), the term ‘qualified capital gain’ shall not in-clude any gain which is attributable to an intangible asset which is not an integral part of an Economic Freedom Zone business. ‘‘(5) R
ELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS .—The term ‘qualified capital gain’ shall not in-clude any gain attributable, directly or indi-rectly, in whole or in part, to a transaction with a related person. For purposes of this paragraph, persons are related to each other if such persons are described in section 267(b) or 707(b)(1). ‘‘(e) S
ALES AND EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN  P
ARTNERSHIPS AND S C ORPORATIONS WHICH A
REECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONEBUSINESSES .— In the case of the sale or exchange of an in-terest in a partnership, or of stock in an S corporation, which was an Economic Free-dom Zone business during substantially all of the period the taxpayer held such interest or stock, the amount of qualified capital gain shall be determined without regard to— ‘‘(1) any gain which is attributable to an intangible asset which is not an integral part of an Economic Freedom Zone business, and ‘‘(2) any gain attributable to periods before the date on which the a business qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone business or after the date that is 4 years after the date on which such business no longer qualifies as an Economic Freedom Zone business due to the lapse of 1 or more Economic Freedom Zones. 
‘‘SEC. 1400V–4. REDUCED PAYROLL TAXES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) E
MPLOYEES .—The rate of tax under 3101(a) (including for purposes of deter-mining the applicable percentage under sec-tions 3201(a) and 3211(a)(1)) shall be 4.2 per-cent for any remuneration received during any period in which the individual’s prin-cipal residence (within the meaning of sec-tion 121) is located in an Economic Freedom Zone. ‘‘(2) E
MPLOYERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The rate of tax under section 3111(a) (including for purposes of de-termining the applicable percentage under sections 3221(a)) shall be 4.2 percent with re-spect to remuneration paid for qualified services during any period in which the em-ployer is located in an Economic Freedom Zone. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED SERVICES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified services’ means services performed— ‘‘(i) in a trade or business of a qualified employer, or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a qualified employer ex-empt from tax under section 501(a) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, in furtherance of the activities related to the purpose or function constituting the basis of the em-ployer’s exemption under section 501 of such Code. ‘‘(C) LOCATION OF EMPLOYER .—For purposes of this paragraph, the location of an em-ployer shall be determined in the same man-ner as under section 1400V–2(c). ‘‘(3) S
ELF-EMPLOYED INDIVIDUALS .—The rate of tax under section 1401(a) shall be 8.40 per-cent any taxable year in which such indi-vidual was located (determined under section 1400V–2(c) as if such individual were a cor-poration) in an Economic Freedom Zone. ‘‘(b) T
RANSFERS OF FUNDS .—- ‘‘(1) T
RANSFERS TO FEDERAL OLD -AGE AND  
SURVIVORS INSURANCE TRUST FUND .—There are hereby appropriated to the Federal Old- Age and Survivors Trust Fund and the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund estab-lished under section 201 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 401) amounts equal to the reduction in revenues to the Treasury by reason of the application of subsection (a). Amounts appropriated by the preceding sen-tence shall be transferred from the general fund at such times and in such manner as to replicate to the extent possible the transfers which would have occurred to such Trust Fund had such amendments not been en-acted. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFERS TO SOCIAL SECURITY EQUIVA -
LENT BENEFIT ACCOUNT .—There are hereby appropriated to the Social Security Equiva-lent Benefit Account established under sec-tion 15A(a) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 (45 U.S.C. 231n–1(a)) amounts equal to the reduction in revenues to the Treasury by reason of the application of paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a). Amounts appro-priated by the preceding sentence shall be transferred from the general fund at such times and in such manner as to replicate to the extent possible the transfers which would have occurred to such Account had such amendments not been enacted. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL  
LAWS .—For purposes of applying any provi-sion of Federal law other than the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the rate of tax in effect under section 3101(a) shall be determined without regard to the reduction in such rate under this section. 
‘‘SEC. 1400V–5. INCREASE IN EXPENSING UNDER SECTION 179. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an Eco-nomic Freedom Zone business, for purposes of section 179— ‘‘(1) the limitation under section 179(b)(1) shall be increased by the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 200 percent of the amount in effect under such section (determined without re-gard to this section), or ‘‘(B) the cost of section 179 property which is Economic Freedom Zone business property placed in service during the taxable year, and ‘‘(2) the amount taken into account under section 179(b)(2) with respect to any section 179 property which is Economic Freedom Zone business property shall be 50 percent of the cost thereof. ‘‘(b) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE BUSINESS  P
ROPERTY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘Economic Freedom Zone business property’ has the meaning given such term under section 1400V–3(b)(4), except that for purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof, if property is sold and leased back by the tax-payer within 3 months after the date such property was originally placed in service, such property shall be treated as originally placed in service not earlier than the date on which such property is used under the lease-back. ‘‘(c) R
ECAPTURE .—Rules similar to the rules under section 179(d)(10) shall apply with respect to any qualified zone property which ceases to be used in an empowerment zone by an enterprise zone business. ‘‘PART II—DEFINITIONS ‘‘Sec. 1400V–6. Economic Freedom Zone. ‘‘SEC. 1400V–6. ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE. 
‘‘For purposes of this subchapter, the term ‘Economic Freedom Zone’ means any area which is an Economic Freedom Zone under title II of the Economic Freedom Zone Act.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 1 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to subchapter Y the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER Z —ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONES ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. TITLE IV—FEDERAL REGULATORY REDUCTIONS 
SEC. 401. SUSPENSION OF CERTAIN LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
(a) E NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY .— For each area designated as an Economic Freedom Zone under this division, the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall not enforce, with respect to that Economic Freedom Zone, and the Eco-nomic Freedom Zone shall be exempt from compliance with— (1) part D of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7501 et seq.) (including any regulations pro-mulgated under that part); (2) section 402 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342); (3) sections 139, 168, 169, 326, and 327 of title 23, United States Code; (4) section 304 of title 49, United States Code; and (5) sections 1315 through 1320 of Public Law 112–141 (126 Stat. 549). (b) D
EPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR .— (1) W
ILD AND SCENIC RIVERS .—For each area designated as an Economic Freedom Zone under this division, the Secretary of the In-terior shall not enforce, with respect to that Economic Freedom Zone, and the Economic Freedom Zone shall be exempt from compli-ance with the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). (2) N
ATIONAL HERITAGE AREAS .—For the pe-riod beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which an area is removed from designation as an Eco-nomic Freedom Zone, any National Heritage Area located within that Economic Freedom Zone shall not be considered to be a National Heritage Area and any applicable Federal law (including regulations) relating to that National Heritage Area shall not apply. TITLE V—EDUCATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS 
SEC. 501. EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITY TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 25D the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 25E. CREDIT FOR QUALIFIED ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION EX-PENSES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to the qualified elementary and secondary edu-cation expenses of an eligible student. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The amount taken into account under subsection (a) with respect to any student for any taxable year shall not exceed $5,000. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY  
EDUCATION EXPENSES .—The term ‘qualified elementary and secondary education ex-penses’ has the meaning given such term under section 530(b)(3). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE STUDENT .—The term ‘eligible student’ means any student who— ‘‘(A) is enrolled in, or attends, any public, private, or religious school (as defined in sec-tion 530(b)(3)(B)), and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.067 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2060 April 13, 2016 
‘‘(B) whose principal residence (within the meaning of section 123) is located in an Eco-nomic Freedom Zone. ‘‘(3) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE .—The term ‘Economic Freedom Zone’ means any area which is an Economic Freedom Zone under title II of the Economic Freedom Zone Act.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 25D the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 25E. Credit for qualified elementary and secondary education ex-penses.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to expendi-tures made in taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 502. SCHOOL CHOICE THROUGH PORT-ABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart 2 of part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6331 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1128. SCHOOL CHOICE THROUGH PORT-ABILITY. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sec-tions 1124, 1124A, and 1125 and any other pro-vision of law, and to the extent permitted under State law, a State educational agency may allocate grant funds under this subpart among the local educational agencies in the State based on the formula described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) F
ORMULA .—A State educational agen-cy may allocate grant funds under this sub-part for a fiscal year among the local edu-cational agencies in the State in proportion to the number of eligible children enrolled in public schools served by the local edu-cational agency and enrolled in State-ac-credited private schools within the local edu-cational agency’s geographic jurisdiction, for the most recent fiscal year for which sat-isfactory data are available, compared to the number of such children in all such local educational agencies for that fiscal year. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE CHILD.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘eligible child’ means a child— ‘‘(A) from a family with an income below the poverty level, on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data published by the De-partment of Commerce; and ‘‘(B) who resides in an Economic Freedom Zone as designated under title II of the Eco-nomic Freedom Zones Act of 2016 . ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA OF POVERTY .—In determining the families with incomes below the poverty level for the purposes of paragraph (2), a State educational agency shall use the cri-teria of poverty used by the Census Bureau in compiling the most recent decennial cen-sus. ‘‘(3) I
DENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE CHIL -
DREN .—On an annual basis, on a date to be determined by the State educational agency, each local educational agency that receives grant funding in accordance with subsection (a) shall inform the State educational agen-cy of the number of eligible children enrolled in public schools served by the local edu-cational agency and enrolled in State-ac-credited private schools within the local edu-cational agency’s geographic jurisdiction. ‘‘(c) D
ISTRIBUTION TO SCHOOLS .—Each local educational agency that receives grant fund-ing under subsection (a) shall distribute such funds to the public schools served by the local educational agency and State-accred-ited private schools with the local edu-cational agency’s geographic jurisdiction— ‘‘(1) based on the number of eligible chil-dren enrolled in such schools; and ‘‘(2) in the manner that would, in the ab-sence of such Federal funds, supplement the funds made available from the non-Federal resources for the education of pupils partici-pating in programs under this part, and not to supplant such funds.’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 2 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1127 the following: ‘‘Sec. 1128. School choice through port-ability.’’. 
SEC. 503. SPECIAL ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE VISAS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
BANDONED ; DILAPIDATED .—The terms ‘‘abandoned’’ and ‘‘dilapidated’’ shall be de-fined by the States in accordance with the provisions of this division. (2) F
ULL-TIME EMPLOYMENT .—The term ‘‘full-time employment’’ means employment in a position that requires at least 35 hours of service per week at any time, regardless of who fills the position. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to facilitate increased investment and en-hanced human capital in Economic Freedom Zones through the issuance of special re-gional visas. (c) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in collaboration with the Secretary of Labor, may issue Special Economic Freedom Zone Visas, in a number determined by the Governor of each State, in consultation with local officials in regions designated by the Secretary of Treasury as Economic Freedom Zones, to authorize qualified aliens to enter the United States for the purpose of— (1) engaging in a new commercial enter-prise (including a limited partnership)— (A) in which such alien has invested, or is actively in the process of investing, capital in an amount not less than the amount spec-ified in subsection (d); and (B) which will benefit the region des-ignated as an Economic Freedom Zone by creating full-time employment of not fewer than 5 United States citizens, aliens lawfully admitted for permanent residence, or other immigrants lawfully authorized to be em-ployed in the United States (excluding the alien and the alien’s immediate family); (2) engaging in the purchase and renova-tion of dilapidated or abandoned properties or residences (as determined by State and local officials) in which such alien has in-vested, or is actively in the process of invest-ing, in the ownership of such properties or residences; or (3) residing and working in an Economic Freedom Zone. (d) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—A visa issued to an alien under this section shall expire on the later of— (1) the date on which the relevant Eco-nomic Freedom Zone loses such designation; or (2) the date that is 5 years after the date on which such visa was issued to such alien. (e) C
APITAL AND EDUCATIONAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) N
EW COMMERCIAL ENTERPRISES .—Except as otherwise provided under this section, the minimum amount of capital required to comply with subsection (c)(1)(A) shall be $50,000. (2) R
ENOVATION OF DILAPIDATED OR ABAN -
DONED PROPERTIES .—An alien is not in com-pliance with subsection (c)(2) unless the alien— (A) purchases a dilapidated or abandoned property in an Economic Freedom Zone; and (B) not later than 18 months after such purchase, invests not less than $25,000 to re-build, rehabilitate, or repurpose the prop-erty. (3) V
ERIFICATION .—A visa issued under sub-section (c) shall not remain in effect for more than 2 years unless the Secretary of Homeland Security has verified that the alien has complied with the requirements de-scribed in subsection (c). (4) EDUCATION AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS .— An alien is not in compliance with sub-section (c)(3) unless the alien possesses— (A) a bachelor’s degree (or its equivalent) or an advanced degree; (B) a degree or specialty certification that— (i) is required for the job the alien will be performing; and (ii) is specific to an industry or job that is so complex or unique that it can be per-formed only by an individual with the spe-cialty certification; (C)(i) the knowledge required to perform the duties of the job the alien will be per-forming; and (ii) the nature of the specific duties is so specialized and complex that such knowledge is usually associated with attainment of a bachelor’s or higher degree; or (D) a skill or talent that would benefit the Economic Freedom Zone. (f) A
DDITIONAL PROVISIONS .— (1) G
EOGRAPHIC LIMITATION .—An alien who has been issued a visa under this section is not permitted to live or work outside of an Economic Freedom Zone. (2) R
ESCISSION .—A visa issued under this section shall be rescinded if the visa holder resides or works outside of an Economic Freedom Zone or otherwise fails to comply with the provisions of this section. (3) O
THER VISAS .—An alien who has been issued a visa under this section may apply for any other visa for which the alien is eli-gible in order to pursue employment outside of an Economic Freedom Zone. (g) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security may adjust the status of an alien who has been issued a visa under this section to that of an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence, without numerical limitation, if the alien— (1) has fully complied with the require-ments set forth in this section for at least 5 years; (2) submits a completed application to the Secretary; and (3) is not inadmissible to the United States based on any of the factors set forth in sec-tion 212(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)). 
SEC. 504. ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE EDU-CATIONAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter F of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 530A. ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE EDU-CATIONAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, an Economic Freedom Zone educational savings account shall be treated for purposes of this title in the same manner as a Coverdell education savings account. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE EDUCATIONAL  
SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—The term ‘Economic Freedom Zone educational savings account’ means a trust created or organized in the United States exclusively for the purpose of paying the qualified education expenses (as defined in section 530(b)(2)) of an individual who is the designated beneficiary of the trust (and designated as an Economic Free-dom Zone educational saving account at the time created or organized) and who is a qualified individual at the time such trust is established, but only if the written gov-erning instrument creating the trust meets the following requirements: ‘‘(A) No contribution will be accepted— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.067 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2061 April 13, 2016 
‘‘(i) unless it is in cash, ‘‘(ii) after the date on which such bene-ficiary attains age 25, or ‘‘(iii) except in the case of rollover con-tributions, if such contribution would result in aggregate contributions for the taxable year exceeding $10,000. ‘‘(B) No contribution shall be accepted at any time in which the designated beneficiary is not a qualified individual. ‘‘(C) The trust meets the requirements of subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E) of section 530(b)(1). The age limitations in subparagraphs (A)(ii), subparagraph (E) of section 530(b)(1), and paragraphs (5) and (6) of section 530(d), shall not apply to any designated beneficiary with special needs (as determined under regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary). ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘qualified individual’ means any individual whose principal residence (within the mean-ing of section 121) is located in an Economic Freedom Zone (as defined in section 1400V–6). ‘‘(c) D
EDUCTION FOR CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be allowed as a deduction under part VII of subchapter B of this chapter an amount equal to the ag-gregate amount of contributions made by the taxpayer to any Economic Freedom Zone educational savings account during the tax-able year. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The amount of the de-duction allowed under paragraph (1) for any taxpayer for any taxable year shall not ex-ceed $40,000. ‘‘(3) N
O DEDUCTION FOR ROLLOVER CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—No deduction shall be allowed under paragraph (1) for any rollover contribution described in section 530(d)(5). ‘‘(d) O
THER RULES .— ‘‘(1) N
O INCOME LIMIT .—In the case of an Economic Freedom Zone educational savings account, subsection (c) of section 530 shall not apply. ‘‘(2) C
HANGE IN BENEFICIARIES .—Notwith- standing paragraph (6) of section 530(b), a change in the beneficiary of an Economic Freedom Zone education savings account shall be treated as a distribution unless the new beneficiary is a qualified individual.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter F of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 530A. Economic Freedom Zone edu-cational savings accounts.’’. TITLE VI—COMMUNITY ASSISTANCE AND REBUILDING 
SEC. 601. NONAPPLICATION OF DAVIS-BACON. 
The wage rate requirements of subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Davis- Bacon Act’’), shall not apply with respect to any area designated as an Economic Free-dom Zone under this division. 
SEC. 602. ECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE CHARI-TABLE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170 is amended by redesignating subsection (p) as subsection (q) and by inserting after subsection (o) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(o) E
LECTION TOTREAT CONTRIBUTIONS  
FORECONOMIC FREEDOM ZONECHARITIES AS A  C
REDIT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, at the election of the taxpayer, so much of the deduction allowed under sub-section (a) (determined without regard to this subsection) which is attributable to Eco-nomic Freedom Zone charitable contribu-tions— ‘‘(A) shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the tax-able year, and ‘‘(B) shall not be allowed as a deduction for such taxable year under subsection (a). Any amount allowable as a credit under this subsection shall be treated as a credit al-lowed under subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A for purposes of this title. ‘‘(2) AMOUNT ATTRIBUTABLE TO ECONOMIC  
FREEDOM ZONE CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .— For purposes of paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which the total charitable contributions of a taxpayer for a taxable year exceed the contribution base, the amount of Economic Freedom Zone charitable contributions taken into account under paragraph (1) shall be the amount which bears the same ratio to the total char-itable contributions made by the taxpayer during such taxable year as the amount of the deduction allowed under subsection (a) (determined without regard to this sub-section and after application of subsection (b)) bears to the total charitable contribu-tions made by the taxpayer for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) C
ARRYOVERS .—In the case of any con-tribution carried from a preceding taxable year under subsection (d), such amount shall be treated as attributable to an Economic Freedom Zone charitable contribution in the amount that bears the same ratio to the total amount carried from preceding taxable years under subsection (d) as the amount of Economic Freedom Zone charitable con-tributions not allowed as a deduction under subsection (a) (other than by reason of this subsection) for the preceding 5 taxable year bears to total amount carried from preceding taxable years under subsection (d). ‘‘(3) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE CHARITABLE  
CONTRIBUTION .—The term ‘Economic Free-dom Zone charitable contribution’ means any contribution to a corporation, trust, or community chest fund, or foundation de-scribed in subsection (c)(2), but only if— ‘‘(A) such entity is created or organized ex-clusively for— ‘‘(i) religious purposes, ‘‘(ii) educational purposes, or ‘‘(iii) any of the following charitable pur-poses: providing educational scholarships, providing shelters for homeless individuals, or setting up or maintaining food banks, ‘‘(B) the primary mission of such entity is serving individuals in an Economic Freedom Zone, ‘‘(C) the entity maintains accountability to residents of such Economic Freedom Zone through their representation on any gov-erning board of the entity or any advisory board to the entity, and ‘‘(D) the entity is certified by the Sec-retary for purposes of this subsection. Such term shall not include any contribu-tion made to an entity described in the pre-ceding sentence after the date in which the designation of the Economic Freedom Zone serviced by such entity lapses. ‘‘(4) E
CONOMIC FREEDOM ZONE .—The term ‘Economic Freedom Zone’ means any area which is an Economic Freedom Zone under title II of the Economic Freedom Zone Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. TITLE VII—STATE AND COMMUNITY POLICY RECOMMENDATIONS 
SEC. 701. SENSE OF THE SENATE CONCERNING POLICY RECOMMENDATIONS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that State and local governments should review and adopt the following policy recommendations: (1) P
ENSION REFORM .—State and local gov-ernments should— (A) implement reforms to address any fis-cal shortfall in public pension funding, in-cluding utilizing accrual accounting meth-ods, such as those reforms undertaken by the private sector pension funds; and (B) restructure and renegotiate any public pension fund that is deemed to be insolvent or underfunded, including adopting defined contribution retirement systems. (2) TAXES .—State and local governments should reduce jurisdictional tax rates below the national average in order to help facili-tate capital investment and economic growth, particularly in combination with the provisions of this division. (3) E
DUCATION .—State and local govern-ments should adopt school choice options to provide children and parents more edu-cational choices, particularly in impover-ished areas. (4) C
OMMUNITIES .—State and local govern-ments should adopt right-to-work laws to allow more competitiveness and more flexi-bility for businesses to expand. (5) R
EGULATIONS .—State and local govern-ments should streamline the regulatory bur-den on families and businesses, including streamlining the opportunities for occupa-tional licensing. (6) A
BANDONED STRUCTURES .—State and local governments should consider the fol-lowing options to reduce or fix areas with abandoned properties or residences: (A) In the case of foreclosures, tax notifica-tions should be sent to both the lien holder (if different than the homeowner) and the homeowner. (B) Where State constitutions permit, property tax abatement or credits should be provided for individuals who purchase or in-vest in abandoned or dilapidated properties. (C) Non-profit or charity demolition enti-ties should be permitted or encouraged to help remove abandoned properties. (D) Government or municipality fees and penalties should be limited, and be propor-tional to the outstanding tax amount and the ability to pay. (E) The sale of tax liens to third parties should be reviewed, and where available, should prohibit the selling of tax liens below a certain threshold (for example the prohibi-tion of the sale of tax liens to third parties under $1,000). 
SA 3788. Mr. INHOFE (for Mr. C ASEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1493, to protect and preserve inter-national cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 19, line 16, strike ‘‘and advance’’. On page 20, line 6, insert after ‘‘research in-stitutions’’ the following: ‘‘, and participants in the international art and cultural prop-erty market’’. On page 20, line 8, strike ‘‘and advance’’. On page 22, line 9, insert after ‘‘2602)’’ the following: ‘‘, including the requirements under subsection (a)(3) of that section’’. On page 26, line 25, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 27, between lines 4 and 5, insert the following: (E) actions undertaken to promote the le-gitimate commercial and non-commercial exchange and movement of cultural prop-erty; and f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 13, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.067 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2062 April 13, 2016 
Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Examining the Role of Environmental Policies on Access to Energy and Economic Oppor-tunity.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Dear Mr. Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 13, 2016, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Do No Harm: Ending Sexual Abuse in United Nations Peacekeeping.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 13, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s In-satiable Demand for Drugs.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 13, 2016, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 13, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The Distortion of EBG–5 Targeted Employment Areas: Time to End the Abuse.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
JOINT CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE ON  
INAUGURAL CEREMONIES  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Inaugural Ceremonies be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 13, 2016, at 2:15 p.m., in room S–219 of the Capitol. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Seapower of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 13, 2016, at 2 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 13, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that LCDR Erik Phelps, a Navy legislative fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dan Pedraza of my staff be granted floor privileges for the duration of today’s session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROTECT AND PRESERVE INTER-NATIONAL CULTURAL PROPERTY ACT Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 360, H.R. 1493. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1493) to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President should establish an interagency coordinating committee to coordinate and advance the efforts of the executive branch to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk from po-litical instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters. Such committee should— (1) be chaired by a Department of State em-ployee of Assistant Secretary rank or higher, concurrent with that employee’s other duties; (2) include representatives of the Smithsonian Institution and Federal agencies with responsi-bility for the preservation and protection of international cultural property; (3) consult with governmental and nongovern-mental organizations, including the United States Committee of the Blue Shield, museums, educational institutions, and research institu-tions on efforts to protect and preserve inter-national cultural property; (4) coordinate and advance core United States interests in— (A) protecting and preserving international cultural property; (B) preventing and disrupting looting and ille-gal trade and trafficking in international cul-tural property, particularly exchanges that pro-vide revenue to terrorist and criminal organiza-tions; (C) protecting sites of cultural and archae-ological significance; and (D) providing for the lawful exchange of international cultural property. 
SEC. 3. EMERGENCY PROTECTION FOR SYRIAN CULTURAL PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall exercise the authority of the President under section 304 of the Convention on Cultural Property Imple-mentation Act (19 U.S.C. 2603) to impose import restrictions set forth in section 307 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2606) with respect to any archae-ological or ethnological material of Syria— (1) not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) without regard to whether Syria is a State Party (as defined in section 302 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2601)); and (3) notwithstanding— (A) the requirement of subsection (b) of sec-tion 304 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2603(b)) that an emergency condition (as defined in subsection (a) of that section) applies; and (B) the limitations under subsection (c) of that section. (b) ANNUAL DETERMINATION REGARDING CER-
TIFICATION .— (1) D
ETERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, not less often than annually, determine whether at least 1 of the conditions specified in subparagraph (B) is met, and shall notify the appropriate con-gressional committees of such determination. (B) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to in subparagraph (A) are the following: (i) The Government of Syria is incapable, at the time a determination under such subpara-graph is made, of fulfilling the requirements to request an agreement under section 303 of the Convention on Cultural Property Implementa-tion Act (19 U.S.C. 2602). (ii) It would be against the United States na-tional interest to enter into such an agreement. (2) T
ERMINATION OF RESTRICTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the import restrictions referred to in subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date on which the Presi-dent determines that neither of the conditions specified in paragraph (1)(B) are met. (B) R
EQUEST FOR TERMINATION .—If Syria re-quests to enter into an agreement with the United States pursuant to section 303 of the Convention on Cultural Property Implementa-tion Act (19 U.S.C. 2602) on or after the date on which the President determines that neither of the conditions specified in paragraph (1)(B) are met, the import restrictions referred to in sub-section (a) shall terminate on the earlier of— (i) the date that is 3 years after the date on which Syria makes such a request; or (ii) the date on which the United States and Syria enter into such an agreement. (c) W
AIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the import restrictions referred to in subsection (a) for specified archaeological and ethnological material of Syria if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the conditions described in paragraph (2) are met. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to in paragraph (1) are the following: (A)(i) The owner or lawful custodian of the specified archaeological or ethnological material of Syria has requested that such material be temporarily located in the United States for pro-tection purposes; or (ii) if no owner or lawful custodian can rea-sonably be identified, the President determines that, for purposes of protecting and preserving such material, the material should be tempo-rarily located in the United States. (B) Such material shall be returned to the owner or lawful custodian when requested by such owner or lawful custodian. (C) There is no credible evidence that granting a waiver under this subsection will contribute to illegal trafficking in archaeological or ethno-logical material of Syria or financing of criminal or terrorist activities. (3) A
CTION .—If the President grants a waiver under this subsection, the specified archae-ological or ethnological material of Syria that is the subject of such waiver shall be placed in the temporary custody of the United States Govern-ment or in the temporary custody of a cultural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.064 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2063 April 13, 2016 
or educational institution within the United States for the purpose of protection, restoration, conservation, study, or exhibition, without prof-it. (4) I
MMUNITY FROM SEIZURE .—Any archae-ological or ethnological material that enters the United States pursuant to a waiver granted under this section shall have immunity from sei-zure under Public Law 89–259 (22 U.S.C. 2459). All provisions of Public Law 89–259 shall apply to such material as if immunity from seizure had been granted under that Public Law. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (2) A
RCHAEOLOGICAL OR ETHNOLOGICAL MATE -
RIAL OF SYRIA .—The term ‘‘archaeological or ethnological material of Syria’’ means cultural property (as defined in section 302 of the Con-vention on Cultural Property Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 2601)) that is unlawfully removed from Syria on or after March 15, 2011. 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the next 6 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the efforts of the executive branch, dur-ing the 12-month period preceding the submis-sion of the report, to protect and preserve inter-national cultural property, including— (1) whether an interagency coordinating com-mittee as described in section 2 has been estab-lished and, if such a committee has been estab-lished, a description of the activities undertaken by such committee, including a list of the enti-ties participating in such activities; (2) a description of measures undertaken pur-suant to relevant statutes, including— (A) actions to implement and enforce section 3 of this Act and section 3002 of the Emergency Protection for Iraqi Cultural Antiquities Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–429; 118 Stat. 2599), includ-ing measures to dismantle international net-works that traffic illegally in cultural property; (B) a description of any requests for a waiver under section 3(c) of this Act and, for each such request, whether a waiver was granted; (C) a list of the statutes and regulations em-ployed in criminal, civil, and civil forfeiture ac-tions to prevent illegal trade and trafficking in cultural property; and (D) actions undertaken to ensure the con-sistent and effective application of law in cases relating to illegal trade and trafficking in cul-tural property; and (3) actions undertaken in fulfillment of inter-national agreements on cultural property pro-tection, including the Convention for the Pro-tection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, done at The Hague May 14, 1954. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the Casey amendment be agreed to; the com-mittee-reported amendment, as amend-ed, be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3788) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 19, line 16, strike ‘‘and advance’’. On page 20, line 6, insert after ‘‘research in-stitutions’’ the following: ‘‘, and participants in the international art and cultural prop-erty market’’. On page 20, line 8, strike ‘‘and advance’’. On page 22, line 9, insert after ‘‘2602)’’ the following: ‘‘, including the requirements under subsection (a)(3) of that section’’. On page 26, line 25, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 27, between lines 4 and 5, insert the following: (E) actions undertaken to promote the le-gitimate commercial and non-commercial exchange and movement of cultural prop-erty; and The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 1493), as amended, was passed. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS OF INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 401, S. Res. 388. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 388) supporting the goals of International Women’s Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment and an amendment to the preamble, as follows: (Strike out all after the resolving clause and insert the part printed in italic.) (Strike the preamble and insert the part printed in italic.) 
Whereas, in March 2016, there are more than 3,640,000,000 women in the world; Whereas women around the world— (1) have fundamental rights; (2) participate in the political, social, and eco-nomic lives of their communities; (3) play a critical role in providing and caring for their families; (4) contribute substantially to economic growth and the prevention and resolution of conflict; and (5) as farmers and caregivers, play an impor-tant role in the advancement of food security for their communities; Whereas the advancement of women around the world is a foreign policy priority for the United States; Whereas, on July 28, 2015, in Mandela Hall at the African Union in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, the President told individuals in Africa— (1) ‘‘if you want your country to grow and succeed, you have to empower your women. And if you want to empower more women, America will be your partner’’; and (2) ‘‘girls cannot go to school and grow up not knowing how to read or write—that denies the world future women engineers, future women doctors, future women business owners, future women presidents—that sets us all back’’; Whereas 2015 marked the 20
thanniversary of the Fourth World Conference on Women, where 189 countries committed to integrating gender equality into each dimension of society; Whereas 2016 will mark the 5-year anniver-sary of the establishment of the first United States National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, which includes a comprehensive set of commitments by the United States to ad-vance the meaningful participation of women in decisionmaking relating to matters of war or peace; Whereas the first United States National Ac-tion Plan on Women, Peace, and Security states that, ‘‘Deadly conflicts can be more effectively avoided, and peace can be best forged and sus-tained, when women become equal partners in all aspects of peace-building and conflict pre-vention, when their lives are protected, their ex-periences considered, and their voices heard.’’; Whereas there are 58 national action plans around the world, and there are 15 national ac-tion plans known to be in development; Whereas at the White House Summit on Coun-tering Violent Extremism in February 2015, lead-ers from more than 60 countries, multilateral bodies, civil society, and private sector organiza-tions agreed to a comprehensive action agenda against violent extremism that— (1) highlights the importance of the inclusion of women in countering the threat of violent ex-tremism; and (2) notes that ‘‘women are partners in preven-tion and response, as well as agents of change’’; Whereas women remain underrepresented in conflict prevention and conflict resolution ef-forts, despite the proven success of women in conflict-affected regions in— (1) moderating violent extremism; (2) countering terrorism; (3) resolving disputes through nonviolent me-diation and negotiation; and (4) stabilizing societies by improving access to peace and security— (A) services; (B) institutions; and (C) venues for decisionmaking; Whereas according to the United Nations, peace negotiations are more likely to end in a peace agreement when women’s groups play an influential role in the negotiation process; Whereas according to a study by the Inter-national Peace Institute, a peace agreement is 35 percent more likely to last at least 15 years if women participate in the development of the peace agreement; Whereas according to the Bureau of Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-fairs of the Department of State, the full and meaningful participation of women in security forces vastly enhances the effectiveness of the security forces; Whereas, on August 30, 2015, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs of the United Kingdom highlighted, ‘‘our goal must be to build societies in which sexual violence is treated—legally and by every institution of authority—as the serious and wholly intolerable crime that it is. We have seen global campaigns and calls to action draw attention to this issue and mobilize governments and organizations to act. But transformation re-quires the active participation of men and women everywhere. We must settle for nothing less than a united world saying no to sexual vi-olence and yes to justice, fairness and peace.’’; Whereas according to the United Nations Children’s Emergency Fund (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘UNICEF’’), in 2014— (1) 700,000,000 women or girls had been mar-ried before the age of 18; and (2) 250,000,000 women or girls had been mar-ried before the age of 15; Whereas, on October 11, 2013, the President strongly condemned the practice of child mar-riage; Whereas according to UNICEF— (1) approximately 1⁄4of girls between the ages of 15 and 19 are victims of physical violence; and (2) it is estimated that 1 in 3 women around the world has experienced some form of physical or sexual violence; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.057 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2064 April 13, 2016 
Whereas according to the 2012 report of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime enti-tled the ‘‘Global Report on Trafficking in Per-sons’’— (1) adult women account for between 55 and 60 percent of all known trafficking victims worldwide; and (2) adult women and girls account for ap-proximately 75 percent of all known trafficking victims worldwide; Whereas women in conflict zones are subjected to physical or sexual violence, including rape, other forms of sexual violence, and human traf-ficking; Whereas 603,000,000 women live in countries in which domestic violence is not criminalized; Whereas, on August 10, 2012, the President announced the United States Strategy to Pre-vent and Respond to Gender-Based Violence Globally, the first interagency strategy to ad-dress gender-based violence around the world; Whereas, in December 2015, the Department of State released a report on the implementation of the United States Strategy to Prevent and Re-spond to Gender-Based Violence Globally that states, ‘‘Addressing GBV is intimately tied to a range of global efforts that address gender equality and women’s and girls’ empowerment, whether in peacetime or in the midst of conflict. This includes addressing GBV as part of efforts to raise the status of adolescent girls and through women’s economic empowerment activi-ties.’’; Whereas the ability of women and girls to re-alize their full potential is critical to the ability of a country to achieve— (1) strong and lasting economic growth; and (2) political and social stability; Whereas according to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organiza-tion, 
2⁄3of the 775,000,000 illiterate individuals in the world are female; Whereas according to the World Bank Group, 150,000,000 children currently enrolled in school will drop out before completing primary school, not less than 100,000,000 of whom are girls; Whereas according to the United States Agen-cy for International Development, in compari-son with uneducated women, educated women are— (1) less likely to marry as children; and (2) more likely to have healthier families; Whereas the goal of the United Nations Mil-lennium Project to eliminate gender disparity in primary education was reached in most coun-tries by 2015, but more work remains to achieve gender equality in primary education world-wide; Whereas in September 2015 world leaders re-dedicated themselves to ending discrimination against women and girls and advancing equal-ity for women worldwide; Whereas according to the United Nations, women have access to fewer income earning op-portunities and are more likely to manage the household or engage in agricultural work than men, making women more vulnerable to eco-nomic insecurity caused by— (1) natural disasters; or (2) long term changes in weather patterns; Whereas according to the World Bank Group, women own or partially own more than 
1⁄3of small- and medium-sized enterprises in devel-oping countries, and 40 percent of the global workforce is female, but female entrepreneurs and employers have disproportionately less ac-cess to capital and other financial services than men; Whereas according to the United Nations, women earn less than men globally; Whereas despite the achievements of indi-vidual female leaders— (1) women around the world remain vastly underrepresented in— (A) high-level positions; and (B) national and local legislatures and gov-ernments; and (2) according to the Inter-Parliamentary Union, women account for only 22 percent of national parliamentarians and 17.7 percent of government ministers; Whereas according to the World Health Orga-nization, during the period beginning in 1990 and ending in 2015, global maternal mortality decreased by approximately 44 percent, but ap-proximately 830 women die from preventable causes relating to pregnancy or childbirth each day, and 99 percent of all maternal deaths occur in developing countries; Whereas according to the World Health Orga-nization— (1) suicide is the leading cause of death for girls between the ages of 15 and 19; and (2) complications from pregnancy or childbirth is the second-leading cause of death for those girls; Whereas the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reports that ap-proximately 1⁄2of— (1) refugees and internally displaced or state-less individuals are women; and (2) the 59,500,000 displaced individuals in the world are women; Whereas it is imperative— (1) to alleviate violence and discrimination against women; and (2) to afford women every opportunity to be full and productive members of their commu-nities; Whereas, on October 10, 2014, Malala Yousafzai became the youngest ever Nobel Peace Prize laureate for her work promoting the access of girls to education; and Whereas March 8, 2016, is recognized as Inter-national Women’s Day, a global day— (1) to celebrate the economic, political, and so-cial achievements of women in the past, present, and future; and (2) to recognize the obstacles that women face in the struggle for equal rights and opportuni-ties: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of International Wom-en’s Day; (2) recognizes that the empowerment of women is inextricably linked to the potential of a coun-try to generate— (A) economic growth; (B) sustainable democracy; and (C) inclusive security; (3) recognizes and honors individuals in the United States and around the world, including women human rights defenders and civil society leaders, that have worked throughout history to ensure that women are guaranteed equality and basic human rights; (4) reaffirms the commitment— (A) to end discrimination and violence against women and girls; (B) to ensure the safety and welfare of women and girls; (C) to pursue policies that guarantee the basic human rights of women and girls worldwide; and (D) to promote meaningful and significant participation of women in every aspect of soci-ety and community; (5) supports sustainable, measurable, and global development that seeks to achieve gender equality and the empowerment of women; and (6) encourages the people of the United States to observe International Women’s Day with ap-propriate programs and activities. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment to the res-olution be agreed to; the resolution, as amended, be agreed to; the committee- reported amendment to the preamble be agreed to; the preamble, as amend-ed, be agreed to; and the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The resolution (S. Res. 388), as amended, was agreed to. The committee-reported amendment to the preamble in the nature of a sub-stitute was agreed to. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 419, S. Res. 420, S. Res. 421, S. Res. 422, S. Res. 423, and S. Res. 424. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolutions by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 419) congratulating the University of North Dakota men’s hock-ey team for winning the 2016 National Colle-giate Athletic Association division I men’s hockey championship. A resolution (S. Res. 420) congratulating the 2016 national champion Augustana Vi-kings for their win in the 2016 National Col-legiate Athletic Association Division II Men’s Basketball Tournament. A resolution (S. Res. 421) congratulating the University of Connecticut Women’s Bas-ketball Team for winning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I title. A resolution (S. Res. 422) supporting the mission and goals of 2016 ‘‘National Crime Victims’ Rights Week,’’ which include in-creasing public awareness of the rights, needs, concerns of, and services available to assist victims and survivors of crime in the United States. A resolution (S. Res. 423) congratulating the University of Minnesota Women’s Ice Hockey Team on winning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Women’s Ice Hockey Championship. A resolution (S. Res. 424) supporting the goals and ideals of Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS AT THE DESK Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following House concur-rent resolutions, which are at the desk: H. Con. Res. 115, H. Con. Res. 117, and H. Con. Res. 120. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.059 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2065 April 13, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tions by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 115) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 117) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 120) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 3rd Annual Fallen Firefighters Con-gressional Flag Presentation Ceremony. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolutions en bloc. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolutions be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolutions were agreed to. f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 2016 Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, April 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 636. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:30 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, April 14, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.080 S13APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE435 April 13, 2016 
HONORING ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY, INCORPORATED MU XI OMEGA CHAPTER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a group of women who have shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to serve their community, Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated Mu Xi Omega Chapter. The Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated Mu Xi Omega Chapter has served the Warren County community through informational meet-ings, social and civic engagement. Known throughout the world for its programs of service, Alpha Kappa Alpha, Incorporated chartered the Mu Xi Omega Chapter as a bea-con of service to the Vicksburg community on December 17, 1978 at Bethel A.M.E. Church. The Chapter has remained an active part of the community through its membership. Mem-bers can be found working on every level in the church, community, and other civic and professional arenas. Since 1988, the Chapter’s signature pro-gram has hosted reading workshops and book distributions through a partnership with Read-ing is Fundamental. Additionally, the Mu Xi Omega Chapter hosts other community serv-ice projects on health and wellness. The mem-bers sponsor the Mu XI Omega Pearls Girl’s Club as well as the Biennial Beautillion Pres-entation for young men. They also partner with organizations such as the American Cancer Society, the Susan G. Komen Foundation, the American Diabetes Association, and the Amer-ican Heart Association in addressing the needs of Warren County and supporting the Launching New Dimensions of Service plat-form. Mu XI Omega supports the sorority’s na-tional program through its many collaborative efforts with organizations in fulfillment of AKA Global Impact Days. On August 1, 2015 the Mu Xi Omega Chap-ter along with International President, Ms. Dorothy Buckhanan Wilson and South Eastern Regional Direction, Mrs. Mary B. Conner paid tribute to the only two national presidents that hailed from the State of Mississippi by unveil-ing a Marker in their honor. Both Bobbie Beatrix Scott and Ida L. Jackson hometown was the River City of Vicksburg. While serving in the capacity of National President they helped to expand AKA’s current national pro-gram while establishing new programs to con-tinue to effect social change on a national level. Jackson and Scott courageously led Alpha Kappa Alpha, Inc. during a time when women were considered inferior to men and certainly not intellectually equipped or suffi-ciently astute in business to run a major cor-poration. But these women defied the odds and helped to catapult the organization into even greater national prominence, allowing the voices of thousands of African American women to be heard on the national stage. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Mu Xi Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. for its dedi-cation to remaining a vital entity of public serv-ice in the Vicksburg Warren community. f 
TRIBUTE TO PETER COWNIE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Peter Cownie for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As Executive Director of the Iowa State Fair Blue Ribbon Foundation, Peter continues to work hard to improve the offerings and sup-port for one of our state’s main attractions, the Iowa State Fair. His dedication to improving and growing the state fair is a true testament to his passion for Iowa. Not only is Peter dedi-cated to his role with the State Fair but he also advocates on the behalf of his constitu-ents as a state representative. He works tire-lessly to speak for those who can’t speak for themselves, and to move the state forward for an even better, more prosperous future for the next generation. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Peter in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Peter on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. HONORING ANDY CREWS FOR BEING NAMED CITIZEN OF THE YEAR BY THE GREATER MAN-CHESTER CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Mr. Andy Crews for being named Citizen of the Year by the Greater Manchester Chamber of Commerce. Andy’s impact on the Queen City is im-measurable. During his time with the AutoFair Automotive Group he has personally lent pub-lic and financial support to numerous organi-zations such as New Horizons, the Man-chester Boys & Girls Club, the Manchester Animal Shelter, Veterans Count and of course the Greater Manchester Chamber of Com-merce. This involvement, in addition to the time he spends working with both high school and college students teaching valuable life les-sons, exemplifies his commitment to education and generous spirit. Andy’s input has always been greatly val-ued. His service to his country as a member of the United States Marine Corps and his service to his community serves as a great ex-ample for others to get involved and stay en-gaged in assisting those in need of a helping hand. It is with great pleasure that I recognize Andy for all that he’s done to improve the lives of people throughout the Granite State, and wish him the best on all of his future endeav-ors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE UKRAINIAN AMER-ICAN YOUTH ASSOCIATION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 25th Anniversary of The Ukrainian American Youth Association, lo-cated in Whippany, Morris County, New Jer-sey. In 1925, in Kyiv, Ukraine, the Ukrainian Youth Association was formed. At the time, Ukraine was under Russian Communist op-pression. The goal of the organization was to continue Ukrainian national and cultural iden-tity and start a struggle against the Russian Communist effort to carry out a genocide of the people of the Ukrainian nation. From 1929–1930, the majority of the organization’s members were repressed, their commanders were arrested, confined in Soviet Gulags and in the end, murdered. By the end of World War II, many Ukrain-ians were living in displaced person camps in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.001 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE436 April 13, 2016 
Germany. The people noticed the need to start the organization again, so that the dis-placed Ukrainian youth army might benefit from its programs. Once again, they wanted to continue to promote the national and cultural heritage of the Ukrainian people living outside Ukraine and to protest against Russian Com-munism. In 1946, in Augsburg, Germany, the first branch of a revived Ukrainian Youth Asso-ciation was officially formed. In 1991, Ukraine gained its independence and branches of the Youth Association were formed across the territory of the new demo-cratic and independent Ukraine. After the first branch of the Ukrainian Youth Association was formed, other branches formed in Europe, North and South America and Australia. In 1991, one branch, located in Whippany, New Jersey was formed. Today, the Ukrainian Youth Association is filled with energetic youth trying to learn more about the principles of democracy and empha-sizing the importance of the rights of individ-uals and the rights of nations in order to de-velop and continue their individual and na-tional spirituality. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the members of the Ukrainian Youth Associa-tion of Whippany, New Jersey for all of their service to the community. 
f 
HONORING MS. LAURA JOSIEPHINE TOWNER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, this month and all this month I rise to give honor to a member of my district whom most people don’t know but need to know. So today, I rise to honor Ms. Laura Josiephine Towner of Pace, MS. Ms. Towner was born on July 2, 1923 to Willie and Ada Towner. She was born south of Pace, MS as the third child of three children born out of that union. She was affectionately called ‘‘Nina’’ by her father but the love be-tween mother and daughter was unparalleled. Ms. Towner was educated in the colored school in Pace, MS. She later furthered her education through Coahoma Junior College and Jackson State College. Life shrinks and expands according to one’s drive and ambition. Ms. Towner taught school for a few years; however, knowing that her sister and brother were running a club and earning more money than she was at the time, $50.00 per month, she widened her scope to include a club of her own. Life was great and her place earned the reputation as the place to be in Pace. Her move to open a club proved to be prosperous and opened up many doors to growth. A woman is like a full circle because within her is the power to create, nurture, transform, and re-adjust when necessary. Ms. Towner was married three times and divorced just as many. She is the mother of four children: Auwilda, Herby, Sonya, and Monroe. She never broke stride in her pursuit of life and prosperity. To her, family meant everything, it was her mother, sister and brother who stepped in and helped her with her children while she pressed forward as a night club owner, a beautician, and a farmer. Those pro-fessions were more than adequate income, thus allowing her to provide for her children. When she became a grandmother, Ms. Towner remembered the help she had and therefore it was her turn to help. She stepped in and helped her children with their children when necessary. Her grandchildren include: Carin and Myrick (Auwilda); Kevin, Chanay, and Barry (Herbye); Gared and Meagan (Sonya); and Aldrich, Lisa, Amara, and Tanji (Monroe). Ms. Towner is now the great grand-mother to twelve great grandchildren. She made sure Auwilda, Herbye, Sonya, and Mon-roe went to college and sometimes made con-tributions to her grandchildren’s college edu-cation. Just watch, all of you men and women, and see what a woman can do when she is deter-mined. Ms. Towner’s children were never with-out food or clothing. She fed both adults and children, many from the community, friends, acquaintances, and even a stranger or two. Oftentimes, men without wives went to her for a good southern meal because she was known for her cooking. Ms. Towner extended credit to many of the residents of Pace by al-lowing them to purchase items from her store and club on their promise to pay. And when someone did not pay, her understanding and big heart would not refuse them more credit. She would smile, only remembering how good God has been to her and therefore she could not refuse. Much of the early economic sta-bility of Pace is attributed to her. She was mother and father to her own and many others in the community. Ms. Laura J. Towner is a prominent member of Elbethel Missionary Baptist Church. Elbethel MB Church is home to many mem-bers of her family, both in life and after life. From 1973 to 1988 she was the City Clerk of Pace, performing her job with high integrity and standards. Her lifetime presence and service in Pace has won the hearts of many people from different races, black, white, and others. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Laura Josiephine Towner of the Mississippi Second Congressional District. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Tuesday, April 12, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 139 and 140. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLONEL MICHAEL AMARAL 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Colonel Michael L. Amaral on his retirement from the United States Army after 30 years of service to our country. An esteemed and respected member of the Army’s Medical Service Corps, Colonel Amaral most recently served as the Deputy Commander for Administration at Fort Bliss’ William Beaumont Medical Center. In this ca-pacity, he managed the day-to-day operations of a facility comprised of over 3,700 staff members and over 72,000 beneficiaries. He also played an integral role in strengthening the relationship between Fort Bliss and the El Paso community. Colonel Amaral’s distinguished career began as a platoon leader with the 54th Sup-port Battalion in Germany, and included as-signments with the 44th Medical Brigade at Fort Bragg, North Carolina; the Walter Reed Army Medical Center; the TRICARE Regional Office in Rosslyn, Virginia; and within the Army’s Training and Doctrine Command. Dur-ing this time, he deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm. As Colonel Amaral embarks on a new chap-ter in life, it is my hope that he may recall, with a deep sense of pride and accomplish-ment, the outstanding contributions he has made to the William Beaumont Army Medical Center and to the United States Army. I would like to send him my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on March 23, 2016 I traveled to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to attend the fu-neral of my dear friend, John Sullivan, who lost his battle with cancer. For this reason, I missed rollcall vote Number 136 through 138 on the floor of the House of Representatives. Had I been present, I would have voted yea, nay, yea, respectively. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEX DUONG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Alex Duong for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As a marketing and communications spe-cialist at the Mediacom Communications Cor-poration, Alex has been given the opportunity to pursue his passion, marketing. His willing-ness to exceed expectations and dedication to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.003 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE437 April 13, 2016 
customer service are big reasons why he was given this honor. Not only has he worked tire-lessly in his professional life, but Alex has dedicated his time to organizations like the Des Moines Public Library Foundation board of directors, the Greater Des Moines Young Professionals Connection, and Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Central Iowa. His emphasis on civic duty is a true testament to his char-acter. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Alex in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Alex on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
WELCOME ANNIBEL FRANCES SCHUERFELD 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am happy to congratulate Deputy Staff Director for the House Armed Services Com-mittee, Jenness Bergeron Simler and her hus-band, Gary Warren Schuerfeld, on the birth of their new baby girl. Annibel Frances ‘‘B.B.’’ Schuerfeld who was born at 11:24 a.m. on Monday, June 29, 2015, at Palmetto Baptist Hospital in Columbia, South Carolina. She weighed eight pounds and two ounces and measured 20 and 
1⁄2inches long. I have no doubt her talented parents will be dedicated to her well-being and bright future. I would also like to congratulate her brother, Taggart McRae Schuerfeld, and grandparents, Shellie Ann Kenna Simler of Tucson, Arizona, and Pierre Bergeron Simler of Litchfield, Con-necticut. Congratulations to her entire family as they welcome their newest addition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE JERSEY BAT-TERED WOMEN’S SERVICE 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor the Jersey Battered Women’s Service located in Morristown, Morris County, New Jersey as it celebrates its 40th Anniver-sary. The Jersey Battered Women’s Service, or JBWS, began as a hotline for victims of do-mestic violence. However, after the murders of two callers by their husbands, the small group of female pioneers responsible for the original hotline recognized the dire need for a greater service for domestic violence victims in New Jersey. In 1978, the Jersey Battered Women’s Shelter opened its doors to those requiring ref-uge from violence at home. Today, it operates as a full-service, private, not-for-profit domes-tic violence agency. The Jersey Battered Women’s Service is a multi-faceted operation, focused not just on providing protection to survivors, but also on helping these individuals rebuild and restart their lives. JBWS is heavily involved in raising awareness for domestic violence, specifically through providing education services on the consequences of domestic violence and how it can be prevented. The organization is notable for its domestic violence advocacy efforts and its mission to improve the rights of survivors. The shelter aims to empower the women who seek its safety, transforming them from victims to survivors. Ultimately, the goal of the Jersey Battered Women’s Service is to create a com-munity culture that refuses to tolerate partner and family violence of any sort. Alongside staff, the over 120 Jersey Bat-tered Women’s Service volunteers dedicate their time and energy to combating domestic violence. Services JBWS offers include legal assistance, victim services and shelter, coun-seling for friends and family members of sur-vivors, batterer’s intervention, child services and protection, and teen dating abuse protec-tion and prevention services. These services, and the efforts of volunteers, have been cru-cial in helping survivors and their families rise above the abuse. The 40th Anniversary of the Jersey Battered Women’s Service is marked by the grand opening of the Morris Family Justice Center. This comprehensive center combines various organizations to provide counseling, protec-tion, legal and immigration assistance, and children’s services to victims of domestic vio-lence and sexual assault, all conveniently in one location. For forty years, the Jersey Battered Wom-en’s Shelter has provided protection and sup-port for survivors of domestic violence. The or-ganization has made incredible strides in in-creasing domestic violence awareness and strengthening education about relationship and familial violence. I commend the Jersey Bat-tered Women’s Service for the remarkable contributions they have made to New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in hon-oring the Jersey Battered Women’s Service as the organization celebrates its 40th Anniver-sary. f 
HONORING L AWANDA W. PARKS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mrs. LaWanda W. Parks, who served as the Executive Assistant to the Network Di-rector of the South Central VA Health Care Network, an integrated system of 10 VA med-ical centers providing a full range of specialty, tertiary, mental health, and long term care in an eight-state region. As a member of the Net-work’s Executive Leadership Team, Mrs. Parks was the Network’s liaison to VA Central Office in Washington, DC, served as the Net-work Management Support Officer and pro-vided oversight for VISN administrative oper-ations. Mrs. Parks joined the VA 17 years ago as an Administrative Resident at the New Orle-ans VA Medical Center and has held positions of progressive responsibility at the local and National levels before returning to her home state of Mississippi as the Executive Assistant to the Network Director in 2007. Mrs. Parks is a 2010 graduate of the Vet-erans Health Administration (VHA) Health Care Leadership Institute and a 2012 graduate of the VHA Executive Career Field program. She is a mentor for the Network’s Advance Leadership Development Institute and has served on a number of national workgroups and committees. Mrs. Parks is also a member of the American College of Health Care Ex-ecutives and Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. From August 2010–October 2010, Mrs. Parks served as the interim Assistant Medical Center Director of the Birmingham, Alabama, VAMC. A native of Magnolia, Mississippi, Mrs. Parks holds a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Tougaloo College and a master’s degree in Health Care Administration from the Univer-sity of Alabama-Birmingham. She and her husband, Mr. Michael Parks have one son, Ezekiel. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. LaWanda W. Parks for her dedication to serving others. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DANIEL ‘‘BUD’’ ALAN AYRES 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Daniel ‘‘Bud’’ Alan Ayres, 53, of Poland, OH who passed away on Wednesday March 30, 2016. Daniel was born on March 28, 1963 in Belleville, Illinois and was a veteran of the United States Army where he served in Korea and Washington, DC as a Military Police Officer. Together with his family, and throughout his 11 year military career, Daniel was stationed in many locations throughout the U.S. and in Germany. After September 11, 2001, he joined Homeland Security as an Air Marshal. To Daniel, there was no such thing as a stranger—only a friend that he had yet to meet. His passion for family, friendships, Texas style BBQ, Alabama & Patriots football, togetherness and fun, will live on in everyone who knew and loved him. Daniel will be deeply missed by his family. He leaves behind his loving wife of 28 years, Kimberly Ann of Poland. They raised four chil-dren, Joshua Alan, Dustin Alan, Chance Alan, and Grace Ann. He leaves one brother, Ste-ven (Linda) Ayres of Beeville, Texas; mother- in-law and father-in-law, Patsy and Ricky Smith of Austin, Texas; sister-in-law Sherri (David) Fossati of Houston, Texas; and a niece, nephew and many close friends, all of whom adored him. Daniel will be greatly missed by his family and the Poland community. He has lived a long and prosperous life and will be remem-bered for his service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.008 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE438 April 13, 2016 
A TRIBUTE TO NOLA CARTMILL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nola Cartmill for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As a shareholder and attorney at Belin McCormick P.C., Nola works hard to provide her clients with top of the line legal services. Her passion stems from the support she has received from her mentors throughout her life. Her willingness to serve others and give back to her community is one of the main reasons she was given this award. Nola volunteers her time as a board member of Children and Fam-ilies of Iowa where she works tirelessly to show those who have lost all hope that there are people out there who will work with you to get you back on your feet and on a path to success. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Nola in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Nola on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING NEIL KORNZE, DIREC-TOR, BUREAU OF LAND MANAGE-MENT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Director Kornze for his great con-tribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of ‘‘pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Director Kornze to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
CELEBRATING THE CITY OF SAN BUENAVENTURA’S 150TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the City of San Buenaventura as it celebrates 150 years of in-corporation. Nestled between the Pacific Ocean and the Los Padres National Forest, the City of San Buenaventura is known for its breathtaking ocean views and expansive roll-ing hills and truly lives up to its namesake as the ‘‘City of Good Fortune.’’ The City of San Buenaventura has a long history and archaeological discoveries in the area suggest that humans have populated the region for at least 10,000–12,000 years. Founded in 1782, the San Buenaventura Mis-sion served as the heart of this small coastal community and the city was incorporated on April 2, 1866. From the beginning, Ventura has been a place of commerce, starting with the indigenous Chumash, who were fine arti-sans and adept travelers by canoes, naming it Shisholop or ‘‘port on the coast’’ for their lu-crative trade activities. While living in Shisholop Village, which is now downtown Ventura, the local indigenous Chumash people thrived through their trade of shell bead money and chert. In 1873, the community’s visionary leaders boldly stepped up to establish Ventura County, carved from Santa Barbara, with the City of San Buenaventura as the county helm. As de-velopment boomed in the 1900s, the region flourished with agricultural operations and oil production. According to local lore, the city’s name was abbreviated to Ventura to accommodate the dimensions of a sign at the local railroad sta-tion. Today, Ventura has continued its steady growth and boasts over 100,000 residents. Throughout history, Ventura has remained an ideal locale for residents, businesses, and visi-tors as a quintessential California coastal com-munity often cited as one of the most desir-able places to live in the United States. With the historic Two Trees overlooking the city, Ventura has miles of pristine beaches, making it one of the most renowned destina-tions for surfing. Ventura is home to the iconic Ventura Pier and the Ventura Harbor, a com-mercial harbor gateway to the Channel Islands National Park. With a thriving downtown cul-tural district, many musicians come through to play at the Majestic Ventura Theater and fes-tivals regularly occur at Plaza Park. Ventura is also known as the host of the annual Ventura County Fair, ‘‘a county fair with ocean air.’’ As we commemorate the city’s 150th anni-versary, I would like to commend the City of San Buenaventura and its residents, past and present, on their success of reaching this mile-stone. I offer my sincerest congratulations dur-ing this sesquicentennial celebration and look forward to many more years of growth and prosperity. f 
HONORING BARBARA J. POWERS OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor Barbara J. Powers on her May 31, 2016 retire-ment upon 30 years of Federal Civilian Serv-ice to the United States of America. Mrs. Powers’ career has culminated as the Executive Support Specialist to the Com-manding General, United States Army Medical Research and Material Command. Mrs. Pow-ers served in the United States Air Force from March 1977 to March 1981, throughout which she performed duty at Andrews Air Force Base, Carlisle Barracks, the U.S. Department of Energy and at Fort Detrick, where she’s served for the last 16 years. Since the beginning of her career, Mrs. Powers performed with zeal, professionalism and tireless dedication to duty—the standard by which all civil servants should be meas-ured. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I’m proud and humbled to congratulate Barbara J. Powers on her retire-ment after 30 years of service to the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING LULA FRIAR 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Ms. Lula Friar. Ms. Lula Friar is a retired educator with 30 years of experience teaching in the classroom. She taught at Goodman-Pickens Elementary School in Pickens, Mississippi. She used her passion for teaching the little ones to success-fully prepare second-graders for their aca-demic journey until she retired in 2008. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.013 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE439 April 13, 2016 
2004, she was recognized as the Teacher of the Year by the Holmes County School Dis-trict. Ms. Friar is currently employed by the Com-munity Students Learning Center (CSLC) and has shown herself to be a valuable resource and asset to CSLC. Over the last five years, she has served as the HIPPY Coordinator for CSLC’s Home Instruction for Parents of Pre-school Youngsters (HIPPY), an early child-hood literacy evidence-based program for 3- to 5-year-olds that teaches lessons in homes and works with families to support parents as their child’s primary teacher. In addition to her role as a HIPPY Coordi-nator, she also utilizes her teaching experi-ence to support other educational enrichment programs and services available at CSLC such as the After School Program, where she has served for five years. She also works with the CSLC Summer Youth Enrichment Pro-gram, where she has provided her leadership and teaching expertise for the last 12 years. Although she is no longer in the school sys-tem, Ms. Friar continues to keep her state teaching license renewed. CSLC is grateful to have a certified teacher working with its chil-dren. Education is only a part of Friar’s service at CSLC. Her primary position is Housing Advo-cate under the CSLC Housing Programs in which she assists the center in coordinating affordable housing and rehab housing services for low income families. Friar takes pride in helping children and their families secure bet-ter living conditions. When she is not working at CSLC she is an active member at her church, Lebanon Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Lexington where she has served on the Board of Trustees for the past ten years, Vice-President of the Lebanon Inspiration Choir, President of the Lebanon Senior Choir, and also works with the youth department. Over the past 15 years, Lula has also helped with the Holmes County Central High School Marching Band. In her spare time, Lula also enjoys spending quality time with her family and grandkids. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Lula Friar for her dedication and support to the Holmes County Commu-nity. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF BOY SCOUT TROOP 2 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Centennial Anniversary of the Boy Scout Troop 2, located in West Or-ange, Essex County, New Jersey. In January 1916, a group of seven boys were registered into The Boy Scouts of Amer-ica. Today, they are known as the Boy Scout Troop 2 of West Orange. They were originally sponsored by the Men’s Guild of the First Methodist Church at High and Ridge with The Reverend Karl K. Quimby as their first Scout-master. Together they promised to do their duty to God and country, to help other people, to keep physically strong, morally straight and mentally awake. Originally the program was tailored for outdoor activities and nature stud-ies. However, today it is more expansive in its interests and is learning about technology. Over the past one-hundred years, about 1,750 boys have participated and nearly sixty of those boys have achieved the rank of Eagle Scout. The role of the Troops Scoutmaster has al-ways been a major factor in the longevity and success of Troop 2. One Scoutmaster that had particular impact was William K. Rust dur-ing the Second World War. Due to the war taking a lot of young men away from the town, not many were left to keep the troop alive. Without Bill, Troop 2 may have been ended. A large part in why Troop 2 has been suc-cessful over the years is due to their credo, ‘‘Scouting is Outing.’’ The ‘‘Patrol Leaders Council’’ of the senior scouts plan monthly short-term camping trips and a week long summer camping trip at Camp Wakpominee. Along with these trips, they have also enjoyed overnight bike hikes and canoe trips on the Upper Delaware River, White Water rafting on the Lehigh River, ski trips and week-long ex-cursions to Washington, DC. Troop 2 also has a long history of service in their community. To name a few of the projects they have been involved in: the sale of war bonds during World War I, the cultiva-tion of Victory Gardens, the collection of scrap metals during both World War I and II, the dis-tribution of informational tracts such as air raid posters and get out to vote, and their latest service project, ‘‘Scouting for Food,’’ the col-lection of food for the needy. For their active participation and achieve-ments, Troop 2 has won many awards includ-ing: The President Roosevelt Award in 1934, permanent possession of the Klondike Derby trophy in 1962, numerous first prize at camp-orees, distinguished troop awards at summer camp, and represented the Orange Mountain Council at the New York World’s Fair. Each year, at summer camp, they have been awarded the Troop Excellence Award. Many of the boys who worked their way through the ranks were molded into respon-sible adults who continue to uphold the ideals of scouting in their present occupations such as engineers, lawyers, teachers and doctors. Troop 2 has offered their boys moral training and preparations in the tests of life. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the members of the Boy Scout Troop 2 of West Orange, New Jersey for all of their service to the community, and in congratulating them and their scout leaders on their Centennial An-niversary. f 
TRIBUTE TO MEGAN GRANDGEORGE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Megan Grandgeorge for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As the co-owner of Le Jardin restaurant and director of marketing and public relations for Variety—the Children’s Charity, Megan cer-tainly stays busy. Her drive and passion for her restaurant and Variety is matched only by her love of Des Moines. At Variety, Megan has worked tirelessly to promote their mes-sage as well as increase awareness for the children of Iowa who are underprivileged, at- risk, or have a mental illness. Believe it or not, Megan would still like to find time to dedicate herself to several other community organiza-tions. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Megan in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Megan on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE EAST COAST SIKH FREEDOM RALLY 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Sikh Coordination Committee of the East Coast and its East Coast Sikh Freedom Rally, taking place here in Washington DC. On April 9, hundreds of Sikhs from around the country came to our nation’s capital to pro-mote justice for Sikhs around the world. As the co-chairman of the American Sikh Congressional Caucus, I speak with the Sikh community regularly about injustices occurring around the world. American Sikhs have con-tributed to the strength and diversity of the United States for more than 130 years. They play an active role in our local communities and are a strong part of our economy. Whether it’s equal opportunity in the U.S. Armed Forces, fair treatment for travelers or religious freedom in the workplace, Sikhs are still facing challenges. The American Sikh Congressional Caucus is working to address some of these issues, and I commend those who will come together in Washington to make their voices heard to their government and fel-low citizens. Mr. Speaker, events like the East Coast Sikh Freedom Rally will help Americans and people around the world better understand the issues facing the Sikh community. I thank the organization and its leaders for their dedica-tion to this cause. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.017 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE440 April 13, 2016 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,064,879,099,682.52. We’ve added $8,599,349,440,294.10 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. BLANCHE BAUDHUIN’S SERVICE TO THE AMERICAN RED CROSS 
HON. REID J. RIBBLE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Blanche Baudhuin of Green Bay, Wisconsin, who has been an American Red Cross volunteer for almost 40 years. Still ac-tive at an amazing one hundred years young, Blanche is almost certainly the oldest Red Cross volunteer in the United States. Over the past few years, Blanche has fre-quently been the first person donors see when they arrive at Green Bay’s Blood Donation Center on Deckner Avenue. Knowing full well that giving blood can be a nerve-wracking ex-perience, especially for first-timers, Blanche is a constant source of comfort and mirth, al-ways willing to offer reassurance, a smile, and maybe a cookie or two to those who donate. In addition to making the rounds at the Center, Blanche also works tirelessly to promote blood drives at churches and other locations throughout Northeast Wisconsin. In the lead-up to her 100th birthday last month, Blanche’s wish was for 100 people to donate at a blood drive hosted at the First Lu-theran Church in Allouez. Her birthday wish came true . . . and then some: an incredible 114 donors showed up. Thank you, Blanche, for your extraordinary service to a life-saving cause, and keep up the great work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JANET AIRIS 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative L
OWEY , rise today to recognize and pay tribute to Janet Airis on her retirement after 32 years of distinguished service to the Congress with the Congres-sional Budget Office (CBO). Janet started in the Scorekeeping Unit at CBO in the waning days of 1983, soon after graduating from Wellesley College. She was first hired to maintain the unit’s database for tracking the status of enacted legislation and over the next 16 years worked as the lead an-alyst responsible for scoring appropriations legislation for five of the thirteen Appropria-tions Committee subcommittees. In 2000, after demonstrating her acumen as a proficient analyst, Janet made the smooth transition to Unit Chief and took on the re-sponsibility of overseeing all of the work of CBO’s Scorekeeping Unit. Janet has served the Congress diligently by overseeing the unit’s analyses of the President’s budget re-quests; the estimates of every appropriation bill taken through each chamber; the publica-tion of the annual Unauthorized Appropriations and Expiring Authorizations report; and count-less other informal requests for information on budgetary matters related to matters under Congressional consideration. In addition to her management responsibil-ities, Janet has directly supported the Congress’s fiscal bookkeeping by serving as the lead analyst for the Legislative Branch ap-propriations bill. Congressional staff and CBO colleagues have come to depend on Janet for her ready expertise, her diligence, and her attention to detail. She has provided this institution with in-sightful guidance and analysis through several major reforms to budgetary processes, dozens of budget resolutions, creation of new govern-ment agencies and departments, and the reor-ganization of our committee structures. Constant through all that change has been Janet Airis’ dedication to her work at the Con-gressional Budget Office. She has been the steady hand of the Scorekeeping Unit, gen-erous with her time and knowledge, and vital to the smooth functioning of CBO’s Budget Analysis Division. Janet’s retirement constitutes a profound loss of institutional memory to both CBO and the Congress—nobody has ever worked in the Scorekeeping Unit as long as she has. Her presence won’t easily be replaced and will be sorely missed. f 
HONORING YOUNTVILLE WOMEN VETERANS OF WORLD WAR II 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 28 women veterans who served our country honorably during World War II. The Yountville Women Veterans Club today celebrates these brave veterans at a ceremony in Yountville, California. Their varied contributions to the war effort include working as nurses in France and Ger-many, as Aviation Services Marines, and at Walter Reed Hospital in Washington, D.C. When our nation mobilized to confront the ag-gression and abuses of Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, these women bravely volun-teered their services to support our country’s war efforts. More than 350,000 American women volun-teered to serve their country during the war, and served in five branches: the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps (WAACs, later renamed the Women’s Army Corps, or WACs), the Navy Women’s Reserve (WAVES), the Coast Guard Women’s Reserve (SPARS), and the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASPs). The 28 women honored today are Penni Anderson, Mildred Bliss, Jane Boote, Rita Bowers, Barbra Bregoff, Cathy Britt, Bernice Bryan, Margaret Clotworthy, Shirley Coen, Mary Grissette, Dorothy Henry, Merrice Hoppe, Helen Huntington, Eva Jacques, Jan-ice Klein, Betty McGee, Della Miller-Kenny, Ellie Neilsen, Willa Olivolo, Elizabeth Rosensweig, Paula Ross, Barbara Salinas, Pat Salyer, Pat Smallwood, Kay Tallman, Hope Vandeventer, Dottie Ward, and Theresa Williams. Mr. Speaker, these 28 women courageously served our country through one of the most challenging and pivotal wars in American his-tory. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor them here today. f 
CELEBRATING THE 30TH ANNIVER-SARY OF GRACE COUNSELING CENTER 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 30th anniversary of Grace Counseling Center located in Madison, Morris County, New Jersey. Grace Counseling Center is devoted to pro-viding guidance to those who need to improve their way of handling life’s challenges. The Center also provides service to couples and families who wish to better understand each other’s needs and feelings. Established in 1984, the Center is an inde-pendent, nonprofit, interfaith facility where they tend to the needs of their patients. Originally founded by members of the Grace Episcopal Church, they have since become an inde-pendent, non-profit counseling center which serves the entire community. Their staff con-sists of pastoral counselors, psychiatrists and psychologists, all of whom are professionally trained and certified in their respective dis-ciplines. Additionally, they are supportive of commu-nity education programs and administer lec-tures and workshops during the year. On re-quest, unique programs can be arranged for local churches, synagogues, schools and com-munity and service organizations. One upcom-ing event, Technology, Social Media, and our Kids, is designed to help parents understand the technology their children are using and have a discussion on the challenges we face with communication due to technology. This goal of this event is to help parents under-stand their children more, so that they can strengthen their close interpersonal relation-ship. As concerns or needs develop, the Center offers programs which address individual issues such as bereavement, unemployment, separation and divorce. These services are usually free or minimally priced and offered to the community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the members and supporters of the Grace Coun-seling Center of Madison, New Jersey for all of their service to the community, and in con-gratulating them on their 30th Anniversary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.020 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE441 April 13, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO JOSH EHLEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Josh Ehlen for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. Josh serves as an account executive at the Des Moines based insurance company Rey-nolds & Reynolds. He has displayed a dedica-tion and passion for providing high quality cus-tomer service each and every day. Josh’s dedication at the office has also spilled over to his life outside of work. He has volunteered his time to organizations like Variety—The Children’s Charity, Big Brothers and Big Sis-ters, Booster Pak, and the Des Moines Am-bassadors Club to name a few. Josh is an ex-cellent example of all things that make Iowa such a great place to build a career and a family. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Josh in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Josh on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING TEAM BROADCASTING WGNL–WGNG FM—104.3–FM—106.3 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Team Broadcasting, Inc. WGNL 104.3 FM. WGNL is a 50,000 watts FM Station, which is located in Greenwood, Mississippi. It is in the heart of the Mississippi Delta. The Delta is one of the areas that is popular for the birth of the Blues. WGNL 104.3 FM broadcasts a vast variety of music. It is Urban Adult Con-temporary mixed with Oldies and Blues. One of the highest rated shows on WGNL is the 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. all day Saturday Blues. This show includes a mixture of traditional Blues. For example, some of the artists featured in-clude: Muddy Waters and Howlin Wolf. There are many more contemporary Blues artist such as: Tyrone Davis, Johnnie Taylor, and many more. With the diverse format, this is what makes WGNL 104.3 FM number one in the Mississippi Delta. The sister station WGNG 106.3 FM is 25,000 watts. WGNG has attracted listeners because of its ability to reach ages from 12– 54. This is due to the blend of R&B HIP HOP. WGNG has come into holding its own and it reaches a number of people in the Mississippi Delta. WGNL–WGNG gets a great response from their advertisers. They should not be over-looked by sponsors. WGNL and WGNG com-bined covers over one-third of thirty counties in the Mississippi Counties in Northern Mis-sissippi. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the number one radio station in the Mississippi Delta, WGNL–WGNG for its dedication in serving the Mississippi Delta and giving back to the African American commu-nity. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE RED ROSE TRANSIT AUTHORITY (RRTA) 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 40th anniversary of the Red Rose Transit Authority (RRTA), a public transit organization in Lancaster County, Pennsyl-vania. On April 1, 1976, RRTA began operations to provide public transportation services in Lan-caster City and County. The mission of RRTA is to provide high quality transportation serv-ices. RRTA operates nearly 20 bus and trolley routes throughout the city and county. The transit agency operates Red Rose Access, a door to door transportation rideshare program for seniors and people with disabilities at a discounted fare. Transit systems like this one provide an in-valuable service to our communities, helping middle class families commute to and from work every day and helping seniors visit their doctors, grocery stores and other services. Mr. Speaker, the Red Rose Transit Authority is an important public transportation system for the residents of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and we are grateful for the serv-ice of its employees. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF TERRY O’SULLIVAN 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Terence J. O’Sullivan, 86, who passed away on Thursday March 31, 2016 after a courageous battle with cancer. Terry was born in 1930 in Colma, California to Irish immigrant parents. He enlisted in the U.S. Marines and served in the Korean War, from where he was honor-ably discharged in 1952. During the conflict, he participated in the Inchon Landing and the Battle of the Chosin Reservoir, one of the bloodiest engagements of the war. Terry worked in the Laborers International Union of North America (LIUNA) Local Union 261 in San Francisco in 1947, at the age of 17. He quickly rose through the ranks, taking on many leadership roles before being ap-pointed LIUNA General Secretary-Treasurer, the second-highest elected office in the union, in 1968. For more than six decades, Terry was a major force in his union, which rep-resents nearly half a million workers in con-struction, health care, the public sector, and the federal government. He dedicated his life to fighting for workers’ rights, and for social and economic justice. Terry was a lifelong ad-vocate of training, retirement security, and health benefits for the proud men and women of LIUNA. Through his entire career, he worked passionately and tirelessly on behalf of LIUNA, its members, and their families. Terry will be deeply missed by his family. He leaves behind his loving wife, Lenora, of 62 years. They raised three children, Kevin, Kathleen Finnerty (Shawn), and Terry, who is the current general president of LIUNA. He leaves one brother, Brendan (Diane); five grandchildren; and many other family mem-bers. Losses like these are never easy, but we can all take solace in the fact that Terry led a long and fulfilling life. He will live on in the memory of his beautiful family. f 
RECOGNIZING DON KNABE 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a colleague and friend, Los Angeles County Supervisor for the Fourth District Don Knabe, who is retiring after over thirty-four years of service to the county. Mr. Knabe has worked tirelessly for our com-munity and he is finishing his career with a long list of accomplishments. While it would be impossible to list them all, I would like to high-light just a few successes that will continue to benefit our county for years to come. Over his time as Supervisor, Mr. Knabe has become a national leader in protecting chil-dren. He established a Safe Surrender Pro-gram to care for surrendered infants in Los Angeles County while also championing a scholarship fund to help these children as they grow up. He launched a campaign to spread awareness about child sex trafficking, making it become a County priority, and testified on the matter before Congress. Supervisor Knabe is also passionate about the arts. His enthusiasm led to the establish-ment of several youth programs that bring vis-ual art, dance, music, and theater programs to children across the district. Thanks to his ef-forts, Los Angeles County children are able to experience the rich benefit of exposure to the fine arts from a young age. Beyond those projects, the Supervisor con-tinues to lead the fight to protect our precious Southern California environment. Mr. Knabe led 19 separate projects to lower pollution and improve water quality. He also supported the development of innovative technologies to turn trash into energy and fuel instead of dumping 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.025 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE442 April 13, 2016 
it into landfills. The air we breathe and the water we drink in Los Angeles County has lit-erally improved thanks to his efforts. I have had the pleasure of working with Su-pervisor Knabe on several occasions through-out my time in Congress. A navy veteran, Mr. Knabe has been a strong supporter for Vet-erans Resource fairs and Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day events. I have always been able to rely on his support, whether it was for the Congressional Art Competition or for an Annual Senior Fair in my district. Supervisor Knabe will leave an indelible mark on Los Angeles County when he retires at the end of this term. I am forever thankful for the work Mr. Knabe accomplished, and I thank him for his tireless efforts on behalf of the people of Los Angeles County. He will truly be missed. 
f 
HONORING JIM RIDLEY 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, the city of Nashville lost one of its finest citizens last week. Nashville Scene editor and Middle Ten-nessee native Jim Ridley was a true talent— an exceptionally gifted journalist and critic, a gracious and humble leader and a champion for our great city. Just as much as he was known in Music City and beyond for his matchless wit and intelligence, he was known for his generous spirit, his earnestness and his enormous heart. Jim was widely respected for his work with the Scene, where he was a writer and editor for well over two decades—nearly since the publication’s inception—and that respect brought him accolades and offers alike. But he never wanted to leave his beloved alt-weekly newspaper, or his beloved town. Jim’s passion for music and film is what drove our arts community to greater heights. His honesty and diligence shone a light for his fellow journalists and the city’s leaders. His kindness, patience, guidance and love for his friends and family continue to set an example for what it means to be a truly good person, a truly good Nashvillian. Jim Ridley made our city better, and it will not be the same without him. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAYME FRY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jayme Fry for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As First Vice President of West Bank, Jayme works tirelessly to build relationships with clients that will lead to continued business and growth within the company. She has been dedicated to improving her skills within the banking industry so that one day she can achieve the goals she has set for herself. Not only is Jayme a dedicated employee but she is also passionate about creating awareness for the ever increasing need for mental health services among young people in our state. Specifically, she dedicates her time and tal-ents to Orchard Place, a Des Moines based non-profit that specializes in mental health services for children. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Jayme in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jayme on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. f 
HONORING MILDRETTE N. WHITE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Ms. Mildrette White, who is a remarkable Educator and Public Servant. Born July 15, 1948, the second oldest of five children born to J. W. and Cora V. Netter in the small Delta town of Rosedale, MS. Mildrette attended elementary, junior high and high school in the West Bolivar County School District where her extracurricular activities in-cluded basketball, band, track and cheerleading. Because of her successful per-formance in track and the efforts of her high school coach, Willie McCoy, she was invited by the track coach at Tennessee State Univer-sity in Nashville, TN, to participate in his sum-mer training camp for high school girls during the summer of her junior and senior year of high school in hopes of getting a track schol-arship. At that time, Tennessee State was the nearest University to her that had a women track program. None of the Colleges and Uni-versities in Mississippi had women track pro-grams. After she was rejected, basically be-cause of her height and being from Mis-sissippi, she thought her track career and her chance to go to college was over. The coach preferred taller girls and didn’t particularly care for girls from Mississippi because of previous unpleasant experiences. Mildrette later realized that being turned down by the coach was a blessing in disguise. The disappointment of not getting the scholar-ship she thought she deserved made her more determined to go to college because she did not want to spend the rest of her life chop-ping and picking cotton. Mildrette was also able to take the skills and knowledge gained and come back to Mississippi and open the doors for other young girls to get a track scholarship to go to college, and still be blessed with what God had for her. Little did she know then, that she would become the first and only African American to represent the state of Mississippi in the Olympics, who attended a Historical Black College or Univer-sity. After graduating from high school in May, 1967, because of her faith in God, a positive attitude and help from a few people who be-lieved in her, Mildrette entered Alcorn State University in the fall as a freshman on a Work Study Program where she was assigned to work in the gym. Growing up in the Mississippi Delta in the sixties wasn’t easy and she was determined to get an education to make a bet-ter life for herself, her family and become a productive citizen in society. Alcorn’s men track coach took a chance and gave Mildrette the opportunity to prove herself. She finally earned a track scholarship by train-ing and traveling with the men’s track team to other states and competing in individual events only. During the process she qualified for the 1968 Nationals and Olympic trials. That was the beginning of a long and successful collegiate track career. She received numer-ous accolades, honors and awards to include: three time All-SWAC and All NAIA; AAU Inter-national Track Team that competed in Norway and Poland; U.S. Olympic Track and Field team (68,72); Gold medal winner, 4X100 meter relay, Mexico City Summer Olympics (68); U.S. European Track and Field Tour; Held the third best 100-meter time in the world (68) and selected Female of the year, 100% Wrong Club of Atlanta (69). The experience, education, exposure and extensive travel, (nationally and internationally) received while attending Alcorn, prepared Mildrette to be successful in her careers as an athlete, classroom teacher, track coach and athletic director. After graduating from Alcorn in May, 1972 with honors and a Bachelor of Science degree in Health and Physical Edu-cation, Mildrette began a twenty-eight year teaching and coaching career in the state of Mississippi. Some of the honors and accom-plishments achieved were: Delta Valley Con-ference Coach of the year five times; U.S. Southeast Region High School Coach of the year (79); Six District Titles; two South State Titles; Two Big Eight Eastern Zone Titles; and District Five Coach of the Year (88). During her coaching career, a number of Mildrette athletes were able to earn track scholarships to go to college. Other educational accomplishments include: Master of Science-Health Physical Education, Athletic Administration/Coaching and Biologi-cal Science Alcorn State University (1981), Continuing Education and Secondary Adminis-tration/Supervision courses (1997–2000) Delta State University. During her Athletic, Teaching and Coaching careers, other honors received include: Alcorn State Hall of Honors (1992), SWAC Hall of Fame (1995), Alcorn State Athletic Hall of Fame (1996), Rosedale-West Bolivar High School Hall of Fame (1998), Bob Hayes Track Hall of Fame (2001), Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame (2003), and Clarksdale/Coahoma Sports Hall of Fame (2013). After retiring from teaching and coaching in 2002, Mildrette served as Athletic Director of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.028 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE443 April 13, 2016 
the Tutwiler Community Education Center for six years. A key part of the mission was to make a difference in the community in which they served. Some of the organizations and community involvements she currently partici-pates in are: President of the Mass Choir and Hospitality Ministry of the Greater Pleasant Grove Church, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., Alcorn State University National Alumni, ASU Athletic Club, Montgomery-Carroll-Gre-nada County ASU Alumni Chapter, Grenada Smile Team, Grenada Area Chamber of Com-merce Leadership Committee member and the Finch-Henry Job Corps Center Community Relations Council. Mildrette is the mother of two children and is the grandmother of two. She is currently married to her college sweetheart, Willie White. After thirty-eight years of separation, they reconnected in 2006 and married in 2008. In addition to enjoying their retirement, traveling and spending time with the grand-children, Mildrette and husband are still busy giving back to the community in their current hometown of Grenada, Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing an Educator and Public Serv-ant, Ms. Mildrette White, for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 80TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE DENVILLE VOLUN-TEER FIRE DEPARTMENT LA-DIES AUXILIARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 80th Anniversary of the Denville Volunteer Fire Department Ladies Auxiliary located in Morris County, New Jer-sey. The Ladies Auxiliary emerged in 1936 as the result of the continued expansion of the Denville Volunteer Fire Department, which was originally conceived and founded in 1926. Since its creation, the Ladies Auxiliary has served a crucial role in assisting the Denville Volunteer Fire Department in its mission to protect and serve citizens of Denville and sur-rounding communities. The original role of the women was to pro-vide refreshments to firefighters at the scene. However, one of the Ladies Auxiliary’s most important contributions to the developing de-partment was their dedication to fundraising. The women hosted raffles, parties, and even canvassed door-to-door in an effort to help the department pay for equipment and improve-ments. A particular incident in the 1980s is a testa-ment to the importance of the Ladies Auxiliary in serving not just the department, but the citi-zens they swore to protect. The department had recently rescued several dozen motorists trapped on the highway during a vicious snow-storm, and opted to house them at one of the department member’s houses. The Ladies Auxiliary fed and cared for these individuals over the two-day period where they were housed, and nursed back to health. The Ladies Auxiliary is a critical facet of the central department, and the time and dedica-tion of these women is an invaluable resource to Denville’s ability to serve the entire town-ship. The department undoubtedly appreciates the energy female members of the community have invested in the Ladies Auxiliary and the department itself. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Denville Fire Department Ladies Auxiliary as they celebrate 80 years of unwavering and unselfish service. f 
RECOGNIZING ROGER RAICHE 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Roger Raiche for his distinguished envi-ronmental stewardship. Since 1981, Mr. Raiche has dedicated his time to researching and preserving the unique ecological zone and natural landscape of The Cedars in Sonoma County. In the 1980s, Mr. Raiche was the first sci-entist to bring the importance of The Cedars to the attention of the Bureau of Land Man-agement. His research and documentation of the rare plants and ecology of the site were an important step in establishing it as an Area of Critical Environmental Concern and led to the discovery of several new plant species found nowhere else on Earth. Many institutions have been provided access to these important lands through his hospitality and volunteer work. Over the last 35 years, Mr. Raiche has led efforts to preserve additional parts of The Ce-dars. He has invested his personal resources to protecting the 500-acre Main Canyon parcel and volunteered his time to build trails, guide tours, and work towards public acquisition. Mr. Raiche personally reactivated a science pro-gram on these lands that had been inacces-sible for 30 years and which had been the site of some very early and important work on ge-ology and plate tectonics. During his involvement at The Cedars, Roger Raiche has made an invaluable con-tribution to the natural history of California and the preservation of the unique environment of The Cedars, and it is fitting to recognize this legacy. 
f 
HONORING CLACKAMAS COMMU-NITY COLLEGE’S 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. KURT SCHRADER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Clackamas Community College (CCC) as it celebrates its 50th anniversary this year. Founded in 1966, with 93 part-time stu-dents taking classes at Gladstone High School and 600 more added by the end of the first school year, CCC has since grown to serving over 35,000 students across three distinct campuses and two extension sites. Through-out its development, CCC has remained com-mitted to its values, a student-centered focus, and a collective decision-making process that drives its mission. Since 1966, students have become accus-tomed to a dedicated faculty and a friendly at-mosphere focused on their personal growth. CCC provides a unique learning experience whether a student attends to complete a trans-fer degree to a four-year public university at an affordable cost, wants to take Community Education classes, is seeking an Adult High School Diploma, or is at the school to pursue a degree or certificate in one of the more than 80 career and technical programs offered. These include the expanding fields of renew-able energy, medical assistance and digital multimedia communication. For the past 50 years, the college has prided itself on equip-ping students with the relevant job training and skills to apply toward real world, high-demand careers and family wage jobs. In the last 50 years, thanks to the strong leadership of its current and past presidents and Boards of Education and an open, col-laborative spirit behind its decisions, CCC has thrived. In preparation for ringing in 50 years of service, the Board launched the Imagine Clackamas project, a two-year community en-gagement process designed to identify what the community valued and needed from the college in the present and into the future. The resulting bond measure is enabling CCC to make great strides toward meeting those needs by updating and expanding classrooms and labs and by modernizing equipment. With this energy and momentum at 50 years, I am excited to discover what goals and heights the college will reach in the next half century. I am honored to be the representative of Clackamas Community College and I con-gratulate the college on its 50th anniversary. f 
IN MEMORY OF MR. DON WARKENTIN 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and accomplishments of Don Warkentin, former President of West Hills Col-lege Lemoore, who sadly passed away on February 1, 2016. Mr. Warkentin was born in Reedley, Cali-fornia on November 15, 1946 to Vern and Doris Warkentin. After his graduation from Reedley High School, he went on to study at Reedley College and later California State University, Chico. At the outbreak of the Viet-nam War, Mr. Warkentin enlisted as a Lieuten-ant in the United States Army and eventually rose to the rank of Captain, receiving two Pur-ple Hearts in the process. After his service to our country, he married the love of his life Betty. Together, they had two children, Brooke and Steven. Mr. Warkentin’s long career in education began in 1973 when he accepted a position as a biology teacher for Lemoore High School. Mr. Warkentin also served as a football and baseball coach, athletic director, and principal of the continuation school for adults wishing to complete their education. In 1986, he began work as an Associate Dean at West Hills Col-lege Kings County Center, known today as West Hills College Lemoore, and his commit-ment to the institution continued until his re-tirement, just months prior to his passing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.031 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE444 April 13, 2016 
Under his stewardship, West Hills College Lemoore moved to its own campus in 2002 and saw student enrollment grow from 700 to more than 4,500 students. Additionally, Mr. Warkentin was responsible for several expan-sion projects including the new student center and the Golden Eagle Arena. In 2004, Mr. Warkentin’s career culminated with his promotion to President of West Hills College Lemoore, a position which he held until December 2015. Mr. Warkentin’s dedica-tion to the field of education was without ques-tion and West Hills College Lemoore stands today as a memorial to his strength of char-acter and work ethic. Mr. Warkentin’s commitment to our commu-nity was not exclusive to West Hills College Lemoore, but included his active membership in the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce, Kiwanis Club, and the Kings County Economic Development Corporation. With his passing our community has lost a great leader and his dedication to the Central Valley deserves our recognition and gratitude. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life and achievements of President Emeritus Don Warkentin. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Betty and their two children, Brooke and Steven dur-ing this difficult time. 
f 
GRAND OPENING OF THE CON-SUMERS ENERGY INNOVATION CENTER 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the grand opening of the Con-sumers Energy Innovation Center. Located in downtown Jackson, Michigan, the center will be home to Consumers Energy employees, CP Federal Credit Union, the Heat and Warmth Fund and the Anchor Initiative headquarters. This initiative is an effort to promote Jack-son’s downtown area as a vibrant place to live, work, and innovate. Consumers Energy and CP Federal Credit Union are among the more than 20 area employers that have com-mitted to the revitalization program. The building will feature a floor that is dedi-cated to community growth and will serve as a collaborative space available to the build-ing’s tenants. This will allow further collabora-tion between Consumers Energy and The Heat and Warmth Fund on the development of energy assistance options for Michigan resi-dents in need. Consumers Energy—headquartered in Jack-son—has demonstrated a commitment to its hometown by investing resources into the positive transformation of the city. On April 15, this innovative hub will open its doors for the first time. The building, which had previously stood vacant for over 10 years, will now serve as a center filled with new ideas and state-of-the-art tools to support eco-nomic expansion. I applaud Consumers Energy for its contin-ued commitment to our community and con-gratulate them on the opening of the new In-novation Center. I look forward to the solu-tions, discoveries, and positive impact that will undoubtedly result from this investment. f 
TRIBUTE TO JAN GLENDENING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jan Glendening for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As the Iowa state director for the Nature Conservancy, Jan has been dedicated to find-ing solutions for some of Iowa’s most impor-tant issues revolving around land and water preservation. She is dedicated to educating Iowans on the importance of taking care of our lands as well as finding solutions to the issues we face today. Jan also dedicates her time and talents to Iowa’s Water and Land Legacy Executive Committee that works to build re-sources for the Natural Resources and Out-door Recreation Trust Fund. Her commitment to preserving our lands and leaving them bet-ter off for our future generations is a true tes-tament to her Iowa values. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Jan in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jan on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING KALEIDOSCOPE OF LEARNING PRESCHOOL AND AFTER SCHOOL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable school, Kaleidoscope of Learning Preschool and After School of Byram, Mississippi, and the great leadership it is under. Patrina Robinson Dace is a native of Georgetown, Mississippi. She is the seventh of eighth children (four girls and four boys) born to Mr. L.J. and Mrs. Lula Lewis Robin-son. She attended: Brushy Creek Headstart; Crystal Springs Elementary; Crystal Springs Junior High; and Crystal Springs High School. She graduated from Crystal Springs High School in May of 1984 with honors. Patrina participated in numerous activities and re-ceived numerous accolades while in high school which included: Student Council Re-porter, Vice-President of Student Council, Beta Club Member, Yearbook Staff and Editor, Jun-ior Homecoming Maid, Captain of the Cheerleading Team, Honor Student, and Most Beautiful. Patrina received her Bachelor of Science Degree from Jackson State University in 1991 with Magna Cum Laude. She completed a Master of Science in Teaching from Jackson State University in 1994 in General Science Education. In 2008, Patrina received her CDA from the Child Development Associate Na-tional Credentialing Program with endorse-ments in Infants and Toddlers and Preschool Education. Patrina is married to Dr. Glen W. Dace, II of Meridian, Mississippi. They are the proud par-ents of three daughters: Racolesha (30), Ramanda (22), Glendolyn (17); a son-in-law, Frederick; and two grandchildren: Kennedy and Kyler. The Dace family resides in Terry, Mississippi, and attends New Horizon Inter-national Church in Jackson, Mississippi. Patrina has served her church family for sev-enteen years and has been a deaconess for eleven years. Patrina’s faith in Christ and desire to know Him has created a passion for serving others. She is active in the community and is a mem-ber of: Jackson Chamber of Commerce, Mi-nority Business Owner, Byram Business Asso-ciation, Mississippi Early Childhood Associa-tion and Southern Early Childhood. In August of 2003, Glen and Patrina opened Kaleidoscope of Learning Preschool and After School in Byram, Mississippi with a license ca-pacity of 49. Four years later, they decided to build a new facility to accommodate the in-creasing demand for childcare in the Byram area. The vision was clear, but much work was still to be done. They worked full time professional jobs with a desire to open a new center. In June 2007 Glen and Patrina’s hard work and diligence paid off, and a brand new facility was built with a license capacity of 150. This business adventure was a major accom-plishment for them. Prior to becoming a fulltime employee at Kaleidoscope of Learning in April 2008, Patrina served as Director of Environmental Microbiology for the Mississippi State Depart-ment of Public Health Laboratory. She worked as a Laboratory Technologist for 11 years and a Division Director for 4 years. Patina’s certifi-cations included: Laboratory Evaluation Officer by FDA and Laboratory Certification Officer by EPA. She worked fifteen years for the Mis-sissippi Department of Health and eight years in the Jackson Public School System. On De-cember 31, 2013, after serving 25 years in the Public Employee Retirement System of the State of Mississippi, she retired at the age of forty-six. Patrina is currently a full time owner, oper-ator, and director at Kaleidoscope of Learning Preschool and After School. She provides many years of business development and management experience to the Kaleidoscope of Learning family. Patrina is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations, account management, hiring, budgeting, payroll, inven-tory, classroom management, and administra-tive duties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.034 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE445 April 13, 2016 
Patrina is an advocate for childcare in Mis-sissippi. She feels that every community should have affordable full-childcare service for any social or ethnic groups. Patrina’s strong investment in Kaleidoscope initially began because she had to transport her own children from the suburbs to the city every day. Patrina, one day, decided that instead of making the families in her community drive for quality care, she would be the one to step up and provide it. It made good business sense as it also opened up many doors to be able to minister to families, by providing a loving, caring, and Christian environment to children, while their parents are away at work. Since opening in 2003, many of our students have shown to perform at the top of their class. The first children to start at Kaleidoscope are in high school now and are expected to graduate high school in 2019. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Kaleidoscope of Learning and After School for its dedication to serving our great state of Mississippi. 
f 
HONORING COMMONWEAL 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Commonweal, a nonprofit in Marin County, California, in honor of their 40th anniversary. By serving our community in in-numerable ways, from offering a healing space for people living with illnesses to pro-viding educational opportunities to advocating for juvenile justice reform, Commonweal has had a unique and far-reaching influence across many issues and areas for a genera-tion. Founded in 1976 by Michael Lerner, Caro-lyn Brown, and Burr Heneman, Commonweal was envisioned as a healing space to serve people and the planet. From the beginning, their partnership with the National Park Serv-ice has helped supply an appropriate back-drop—a scenic 60-acre site just south of the Point Reyes National Seashore—for the com-passionate, attentive work done by the dedi-cated staff and Commonweal community over the years. Commonweal’s efforts have touched count-less lives within three broad areas of focus. Their health and healing programing includes week-long retreats for people with cancer and yoga therapy classes. Their efforts to support the arts and education include classes for teachers and students to better integrate cre-ative thinking into school curriculum. Finally, their advocacy for the environment and justice incorporates work on health effects of environ-mental factors and research on juvenile justice laws. Their work is multifaceted and extensive, and has left a lasting, positive impact that can be felt throughout our community. For four decades, Commonweal has been a beloved, wide-reaching organization, and they have contributed significantly to West Marin’s culture and character. It is therefore appro-priate that we honor them today for their ongo-ing work and congratulate them on their anni-versary celebration. CELEBRATING THE ACHIEVE-MENTS OF THE LEE COLLEGE DEBATE TEAM HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-ebrate the achievements of the Mendoza De-bate Society at Lee College, in Baytown, Texas. On April 4, 2016, the Debate Team won their third consecutive Community Col-lege National Championship in the Inter-national Public Debate Association (IPDA) Na-tional Championship Tournament. Led by Director of Forensics, Joe Ganakos, the Mendoza Debate Society has become the top-ranked IPDA debate program in Texas for 2015–2016. The debaters achieved this in-credible success through their unmatched work ethic and countless hours of practice. I extend my congratulations to all the members of the Mendoza Debate Society, captained by Kyle Diamond and Rigo Ruiz—and I wish them all continued success in their future en-deavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ANDREW JONES ON BECOMING A M
CDONALD’S ALL AMERICAN 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Andrew Jones of Irving, Texas, on being named to the 2016 McDonald’s All American basketball roster. This is a tremen-dous honor from the basketball community as it pits the best high school players in the coun-try against one another in an exhibition game. Mr. Jones also participated in the three-point competition and Legends and Stars Shootout as the players display their shooting ability and point guard play. The requirements to become a McDonald’s All American are extensive as you must con-sistently be a consensus Top 20 player in the national rankings, and earn enough votes from the selection committee. Andrew was one of 24 high school senior basketball players se-lected to join this elite group of young men as the best in the country from over 100,000 players nationwide. Andrew has been consist-ently rated as one of the best guards in the 2016 class with his ability to create plays and soft touch around the rim. Mr. Jones’ following has only grown as his tremendous improve-ment has been highlighted over the past year in his spring and summer performances in the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU). He brings great pride to the basketball community of Texas. Andrew has a natural gift for the game of basketball as his court vision and slashing ca-pabilities creates scoring opportunities and proves to be a nightmare for opposing teams. Andrew will only improve at the collegiate level as his basketball gift continues to attract ad-mirers and people who look up to him includ-ing young fans that need positive role models in their lives. While Andrew continues to receive praise from scouts and people close to him, he has kept his roots in mind as he has committed to playing college basketball at home for the Uni-versity of Texas (UT). At UT he will continue to display his exemplary skills and pride for the great state of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Andrew Jones on his hard work and ath-letic accomplishments. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 139, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
HONORING THE 250TH BIRTHDAY OF COLLIN M
CKINNEY 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 250th birthday of Collin McKin-ney, a Texas patriot, statesman, and hero. Mr. McKinney was a drafter and signer of the Texas Constitution and is the namesake of Collin County and the city of McKinney. His courage of conviction and love of Texas fun-damentally shaped our state’s history and our nation. Mr. McKinney was born to Scottish im-migrant parents on April 17, 1766, in New Jer-sey. Years later he moved to Kentucky before settling in our great state of Texas. Mr. McKin-ney was a man of faith and boldly preached the gospel message of love and redemption. Mr. McKinney and four other individuals were drafted by Judge Richard Ellis at the convention meeting at Old Washington-on-the- Brazos to write a declaration of separation from Mexico. Today, we know this document bearing Collin McKinney’s signature as the Texas Declaration of Independence. He later went on to serve the Red River District in the First, Second, and Fourth Congresses of the Republic of Texas. Author Samuel Houston Dixon wrote in his book ‘‘The Men Who Made Texas Free’’ that ‘‘Mr. McKinney was a man of most admirable character. He possessed a spirit of progres-siveness which dominated his life. No one of that group of pioneers exercised a more wholesome influence over those with whom he came in contact than Mr. McKinney. He lived a life worthy of emulation and was held in high esteem.’’ In 1846 he settled near the Grayson-Collin county line which would become his final rest-ing place and later bear his name. In 1936 the Texas Centennial Commission had his house moved to Finch Park in McKinney. Mr. McKin-ney lived under eight different governments in his life. He was born a subject of King George III, became a citizen of the Colonial Govern-ment of the 13 Colonies, then the United States, Mexico, the Provisional Government established by the Texans in 1835, the Texas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.037 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE446 April 13, 2016 
Republic until annexation, the United States again, and then the Southern Confederacy. Mr. McKinney’s life of public service and dedication to the cause of freedom should in-spire each of us. I am proud to honor this statesman and encourage every Texan to study his life so that we may continue his leg-acy. 
f 
HONORING DR. ROLANDO D. HERTS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable Black Professional, Dr. Rolando D. Herts, a resident of Cleveland, Mississippi. Dr. Rolando D. Herts is the Director of the Delta Center for Culture and Learning at Delta State University in Cleveland, Mississippi. The Delta Center serves as the management entity for the Mississippi Delta National Heritage Area, a partnership between the people of the Mississippi Delta and the National Park Serv-ice designed to promote understanding of the Delta’s cultural heritage through education, tourism, and economic development. The Delta Center also oversees the International Delta Blues Project, a three-tiered initiative featuring an International Conference on the Blues, the development of an academic blues studies program, and a Blues Leadership In-cubator for entrepreneurship and economic development, which aligns with Delta State University’s goal of becoming a destination for blues education with GRAMMY Museum Mis-sissippi. Previously, Dr. Herts was Associate Director with the Office of University-Community Part-nerships (OUCP) at Rutgers, the State Univer-sity of New Jersey. In this capacity, he helped to advance a learning organization model that integrates university-community partnership development, campus and community event planning and management, and campus and visitor information functions. During his tenure with Office of University-Community Partner-ships, Dr. Herts collaborated with an array of local, regional, and state entities—including the Greater Newark Convention and Visitors Bureau, Brick City Development Corporation, New Jersey Department of Travel and Tour-ism, the City of Newark, the Rutgers Center for Latino Arts and Culture, WBGO 88.3 Jazz FM radio, and the Newark Literacy Cam-paign—to help promote the university and the surrounding community and region as distinc-tive educational destinations. As a Leadership Newark Fellow, he was presented the Berkowitz Distinguished Service Award for his commitment to the Greater Newark commu-nity. Prior to working at Rutgers, Dr. Herts was a faculty member with the Fanning Institute, a public service unit at the University of Georgia where he was selected to participate in the Emerging Engagement Scholars Workshop of the Engagement Scholarship Consortium. He also served as program director of INSPIRE/ TRIO Student Support Services, a top-funded federal retention and graduation program for first-generation college students at the Univer-sity of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. In addition, he completed a two-year teaching commitment with Teach For America in the Mississippi Delta region where he taught second grade at Carver Elementary School. He was awarded a ‘‘Certificate of Appreciation for Excellence in Teaching’’ from the Indianola Association of Educators. Dr. Herts holds a Ph.D. Degree in Planning and Public Policy from Rutgers Graduate School-New Brunswick and the Edward J. Bloustein School of Planning and Public Pol-icy. His dissertation From Outreach to En-gaged Placemaking: Understanding Public Land-Grant University Involvement with Tour-ism Planning and Development examines uni-versity-community tourism engagement as a destination promotion and economic develop-ment strategy. His reflective essay, ‘‘Sacred Ground, Traveling Light: Personal Reflections on University-Community Tourism Engage-ment,’’ won the prize for Best Treatise in Im-pressions, Ruminations, Treatises: Essays on Intersectionality, Praxis, and the Educational Arena, a collection published by the Institute For Recruitment of Teachers, Phillips Acad-emy, Andover, Massachusetts. Dr. Herts also holds a M.Phil. Degree in Planning and Public Policy from Rutgers, an M.A. Degree in Social Science from the University of Chicago, and a B.A. Degree in English from Morehouse Col-lege. His interests include university-commu-nity engagement and partnership develop-ment, community-based tourism planning, place branding/marketing, community and re-gional development, and interorganizational collaboration. He is a member of the Rotary Club of Cleveland, Mississippi, which is an af-filiate of Rotary International, a worldwide net-work of business and professional leaders dedicated to humanitarian service. Education, community engagement, public service and cultural heritage development have been prominent themes in Dr. Herts’ family. His father, Dr. George E. Herts, earned a Doctorate in Educational Administration from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champagne, became the first African-American Super-intendent of schools in the Arkansas Delta community of Eudora, and subsequently com-pleted 30 years of service at the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff in various leadership capacities, including Dean of the School of Education and Dean of Graduate and Con-tinuing Studies. His mother, Dr. Ruth Sim-mons-Herts, earned a doctorate in Educational Administration at the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville, and served for several years as a public school central office administrator in Lit-tle Rock, Arkansas, and as Assistant Dean of the School of Education and the Director of Performance Based Education at Langston University in Oklahoma. For over 25 years, she has served in local, regional, and national leadership roles as a member of The Links, Incorporated, an international service organi-zation of African-American women. She also was a member of the Rotary Club of Little Rock, the oldest and largest civic organization in Arkansas, and served on several commu-nity boards including the Arkansas Arts Center and Black Community Developers, Inc., which brought the internationally-renowned More-house College Glee Club to Little Rock for the first time in the singing organization’s history during the younger Dr. Herts’ tenure as tour manager of the Glee Club and as baritone member of the Morehouse College Quartet. Dr. Herts is dedicated to building upon the exemplary legacy of service established by his predecessors. His great uncle, Harrison Doug-lass, was a contemporary of Booker T. Wash-ington during his undergraduate years at Tuskegee University during the early 20th cen-tury, and studied and worked in agricultural extension at Iowa State University. He taught at Tuskegee, Grambling, and Southern univer-sities and established Douglass High School for African Americans in his northern Lou-isiana hometown. Dr. Herts acknowledges Harrison Douglass, as well as his grand-parents Mr. Archie and Leola Simmons and Mr. Hermon and Shelley Herts, as key sources of inspiration for his parents and him-self as they completed higher levels of edu-cation and committed their lives to serving communities of diversity. Dr. Herts is pro-moting and preserving this family tradition by encouraging the next generation to learn about and celebrate their heritage. In par-ticular, he is dedicated to sharing heritage- based educational opportunities with his sis-ters, nieces, and nephew. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing an amazing black professional and community landscape innovator. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NUTLEY HIGH SCHOOL CREW PROGRAM 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the Nutley High School Crew Program. The Nutley High School Crew team first began rowing on the Passaic River in 1942. Founded by Coach Bill Bennet, the crew pro-gram has provided a productive and competi-tive outlet for Nutley students for the past 75 years. Although the program initially was avail-able only to male students, the early 1980s saw the introduction of a women’s crew pro-gram. Since then, both the men’s and wom-en’s teams have been dominant forces in high school crew, with athletes competing against some of the best teams in the United States and Canada. Graduates of the Nutley program have gone on to have successful athletic and academic careers, with many continuing to row at some of the top college programs in the country. The industrious nature and sense of teamwork fostered by the Nutley program in its athletes are easily translatable in a variety of settings. These athletes utilize the skills developed within the program throughout their post-high school careers. Nutley rowers are notable for the high aca-demic performance levels they have main-tained alongside their athletic achievements. The intensity of training and racing schedules in no way impedes academic performance, but rather assists in forming well-rounded, athletic students. Nutley High School Crew alumni and their children often return to the program to con-tinue its tradition of cultivating strong rowers and even stronger leaders. Whether coaching or rowing, these individuals are important community figures and contribute substantially to the Township of Nutley. Over the years, both the Nutley Board of Education and the Nutley Crew Boosters have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.041 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE447 April 13, 2016 
been incredibly supportive of the program. Without their contributions, the program would be unable to maintain its strength. For 75 years, the Nutley High School Crew team has been a staple of the Nutley commu-nity, allowing student athletes to compete and contribute. Their contributions are invaluable in making Nutley a dynamic, involved township. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in hon-oring the Nutley High School Crew program as they celebrate their 75th Anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RYAN JENSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ryan Jensen for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As Vice President of CBRE/Hubbell Com-mercial, Ryan continuously works hard to be one of the best, most recognized leaders with-in the real estate investment industry. He works tirelessly to provide accurate, high qual-ity investment information for his clients and will take that expertise to start a new real es-tate investment platform later this year. Ryan is also passionate about giving back to his community and serves on the board of direc-tors for Variety—The Children’s Charity. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Ryan in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Ryan on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PROFESSOR DONNA J. BON OF PENN STATE AL-TOONA FOR HER ENTREPRE-NEURIAL SPIRIT 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Professor Donna J. Bon, of Penn State Altoona, for her commitment to bol-stering the entrepreneurial spirit within Penn State Altoona and the Sheetz Fellows Pro-gram. Founded by Steve and Nancy Sheetz to in-still leadership and an entrepreneurial mindset in students studying business at Penn State Altoona, the Sheetz Fellows Program con-tinues to make a positive impact in the lives of the committed Penn State Altoona student participants. While the generosity of the Sheetz family is worth highlighting, I believe Professor Bon also deserves appreciation for her role in making the program a continued success. As the Executive Director of the Sheetz Center for Entrepreneurial Excellence, Professor Bon has been instrumental in exe-cuting the program’s important mission of teaching and mentoring students to be tomor-row’s key decision-makers and to impart in them a strong sense of servant leadership. On behalf of the 9th Congressional District of Pennsylvania, I want to thank Professor Bon for her commitment to these high ideals and recognize her success in pursuing them. Thanks to her and her colleagues at Penn State Altoona, our community will continue to benefit from the actions and ideas of an ambi-tious student body. f 
STATEMENTS GIVEN AT ‘‘RE-STORE THE VOTE: A CONGRES-SIONAL FORUM ON THE CUR-RENT STATE OF VOTING RIGHTS IN AMERICA’’ 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, the statements found below were given during an event titled—Restore the Vote: A Congres-sional Forum on the Current State of Voting Rights in America. The forum was held on Saturday, March 5, 2016 in the Birmingham City Council Chambers located at Birmingham City Hall. The forum provided elected officials, community leaders, scholars, and the general public the opportunity to examine modern-day voting rights as well as discuss the current challenges and barriers facing equal access to the ballot box. Discussions also focused on how community leaders and average Amer-ican citizens can galvanize support around en-suring every American is able to exercise their constitutionally protected right to vote. The forum was hosted by Congresswoman T
ERRI A. S EWELL , and included special guests Rep. J
OHN LEWIS, Rep. J IMCLYBURN , Rep. G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , Rep. S HEILA JACKSON LEE, Rep. B
ARBARA LEE, Rep. H ANKJOHNSON , Rep. K
AREN BASS, Rep. M ARC VEASEY , and Rep. S
TACEY PLASKETT , Birmingham Mayor William Bell, and Birmingham City Council President Johnathan Austin. The panelists included Jef-ferson County Clerk of Court Anne Marie Adams, President of Southern Poverty Law Center Richard Cohen, Metro Birmingham Branch NAACP President Hezekiah Jackson the IV, Calera, Alabama City Councilman Er-nest Montgomery, and President of the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies Spencer Overton. 
STATEMENT OF COUNCILMAN ERNEST MONT -
GOMERY , THE CITY OF CALERA ’S 2008 MUNIC -
IPAL ELECTION  My name is Ernest Montgomery and I am a City Councilman, representing District 2 in the City of Calera Alabama. Our City is a beautiful small city, strategically located in the south-central part of Shelby County. We had a population of 11,800 residents according to the 2010 census, but I believe thousands more today. Between the 2000 to 2010 census, our city was title as being the fastest grow-ing city (percentage wise), in the State of Alabama. This rapid growth is what led our City Leaders to have our district lines redrawn. The results of these new lines eliminated the sole minority-majority district in the city. Changing it’s minority voting percentages from about 69 percent down to about 28 per-cent. After submitting these changes to the De-partment Of Justice for pre-clearance, they were rejected because the DOJ said it clearly disadvantage the African American Commu-nity. The City was in an election year and was order not to hold it election with these new changes by the DOJ. Yet the City Mayor chose to continue on with the municipal election. In this election I lost my seat in my dis-trict, but learned two days later that the De-partment of Justice had filed a lawsuit against the city. Outrage was mounting be-cause the African American Community said they had no chance of electing a candidate of their choice. Changes were made to the city’s plans after meeting in Washington, DC with the DOJ and pre-clearance were granted. A new municipal election was held in 2009, resulting in me winning my seat again. I know with-out a doubt this would not have happened if the VRA, (especially the pre-clearance sec-tion), didn’t protect the most vulnerable. STATEMENT OF J . RICHARD COHEN , PRESIDENT , 
SOUTHERN POVERTY LAW CENTER  Good afternoon. The fact that we must be here talking about voting rights 51 years after Congress passed the Voting Rights Act is a national disgrace, one that dishonors the many who fought for the precious right to vote and the millions who were disenfranchised for decades in our country because of their race. It particularly dis-honors the brave Americans who sacrificed their lives so that everyone, regardless of race, creed or color, could have a voice in our democracy—people like Jimmie Lee Jack-son, Viola Liuzzo, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner. A year ago at this time, we were cele-brating the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sun-day. And, of course, we will observe the 51 anniversary in two days. We all know that the events of that fateful day and the subse-quent completion of the march to Mont-gomery led to passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, perhaps the crowning achieve-ment of the civil rights movement—one that drove the final nail into the coffin of Jim Crow. Forty-one years later, in 2006, when it re-authorized Section 4, Congress remarked on the tremendous progress that had been made under the Act to address first-generation barriers to voting—like literacy tests and poll taxes—that kept many minority voters from casting ballots. At the same time, Congress noted that vestiges of discrimination continued in the states covered by the original Act in the form of second-generation barriers that di-luted the voting strength of African Ameri-cans and other minorities. These included such practices as gerrymandering, at-large voting and the use of multimember legisla-tive districts. Today, 10 years later, we still have those second-generation barriers. For example, the Alabama legislature in 2012 passed a redis-tricting plan that packed black voters into legislative districts, thereby reducing their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.043 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE448 April 13, 2016 
influence in other districts. In 2015, the United States Supreme Court ruled that there was strong evidence the lawmakers had engaged in racial gerrymandering and that the state had used the wrong legal standard to draw the districts. The case is pending before the district court. But second-generation barriers are not the only problem today. Tragically, we’re once again fighting the battle to remove first-gen-eration barriers that suppress the votes of minorities—a battle that was fought 50 years ago. Many have been implemented since the U.S. Supreme Court gutted the preclearance requirement of the Voting Rights Act in its Shelby decision. The passage of the laws re-stricting voting rights has, in fact, acceler-ated since Shelby. Here in Alabama, the legislature passed a law in 2011 that requires voters to produce one of seven kinds of photo IDs. But, even though preclearance by the Justice Depart-ment was still required under the Voting Rights Act at the time, the state did not sub-mit it for review. Instead, it waited two years. Then, on June 26, 2013, the very next day after the Supreme Court relieved Alabama and other states of their preclearance obliga-tions, the state announced it would begin to enforce the law. The Alabama Secretary of State’s office has estimated that at least 280,000 registered voters—disproportionately minority voters—lack the type of photo IDs required to vote. It’s questionable whether Alabama’s photo ID law would have been precleared by the Justice Department under the Voting Rights Act. It can, of course, still be challenged in federal court—and, indeed, it is being chal-lenged. But blocking the law is much more difficult in a lawsuit, because the burden of proof is on the plaintiffs to show discrimina-tory intent or effect. Prior to Shelby, the burden of proof was on states like Alabama— which have long histories of discrimination against African Americans—to show that any new law would not have a retrogressive or racially discriminatory impact. To add insult to injury, Alabama Gov. Rob-ert Bentley last year reduced the operating hours of the state offices in 27 largely poor, rural counties where residents can obtain the IDs they need to meet the requirements of the photo ID law. African Americans make up a larger share of the population in those counties than in other parts of the state, where the office hours were not cur-tailed. Rather than move toward same-day reg-istration, the Alabama Legislature has moved further from it since Shelby. Despite the fact that for many years voters were al-lowed to register 10 days in advance of an election—and despite technological ad-vances—in 2014 the legislature extended the period to 14 days. Since then, there have been legislative attempts to extend it even further—to 30 days. Alabama, of course, is not alone in enact-ing racially discriminatory voting laws. Ac-cording to the National Conference of State Legislatures, 33 states now have some form of voter ID law in effect. And, according to the Brennan Center for Justice, 21 states have enacted new restrictions since the 2010 mid-term elections. Sixteen have new voting restrictions in place for the first time in a presidential election. In addition, 27 states have attempted to purge their voting rolls since Shelby, leading to numerous lawsuits claiming these purges targeted minority vot-ers. Also, some states are now pushing to make voters prove their citizenship when reg-istering. A recent decision by the federal Election Assistance Commission has allowed Alabama, Georgia and Kansas to require doc-umentation of citizenship for anyone reg-istering to vote. This creates an undue bur-den for many—particularly minorities, young people, the elderly and the poor—who may lack easy access to their birth certifi-cate, passport, naturalization certificate or other proof. At the center of these efforts is Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who doubles as counsel for a nativist extremist organiza-tion called the Federation for American Im-migration Reform. Kobach was the architect of the notorious anti-immigrant law in Ari-zona known as SB 1070—a discriminatory law that was struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court. Kobach was also behind an even more draconian, anti-immigrant law in Alabama, HB 57, which was also dismantled by the courts. The cumulative impact of all of these ef-forts to suppress the vote is that millions of Americans—minorities, the elderly, the dis-abled and others—will be disenfranchised, their voices silenced. And that is, of course, the goal of these laws. The movement to restrict the vote, as we all know, has nothing to do with com-bating ‘‘voter fraud,’’ which is, essentially, nonexistent in our country. Here in Alabama, our secretary of state, John Merrill, has characterized voting as a ‘‘privilege.’’ And I think that statement, in some ways, reveals a certain mindset that we are facing. We would never call our First Amendment freedoms of speech and religion privileges. We would never call our right to bear arms a privilege. We would certainly never call it a privilege to be free from un-reasonable searches and seizures. Privileges are something to be earned or granted. They can be taken away. The rights guaranteed under our Constitution cannot. We firmly support Congressional efforts to restore the federal preclearance requirement that was stripped from the Voting Rights Act in Shelby. But we know that restoring the Vot-ing Rights Act will not resolve all of the problems. Our country’s needs broader re-form. We need a new vision for voting to bring the system into the 21st century. The election process in the United States is a relic of the 18th and 19th centuries—an era when only white male property owners were allowed to vote and when Congress was more concerned about the time it took to travel to polling stations on horse than two- hour lines at the polls. The current system makes sense in the context of the 1850s, but it ignores the technology and the complex-ities of life and work in today’s world. The reason we vote on Tuesday illustrates the point. In 1845, Congress determined that Tuesday was the best day to hold elections because Saturday was a workday for farmers, Sunday the Sabbath, and Wednesday was a market day. Tuesday gave voters a full day to travel by horse to the county polling station. Not only are Tuesdays now a workday for most Americans, but having only a 12–hour window to vote completely ignores today’s work schedules, childcare needs, and other features of modern life. This system particu-larly disadvantages lower-income people who are more likely to work for hourly wages, who often cannot afford to miss work, or who may not be allowed to leave their job. For a country that prides itself on our de-mocracy—a country that has sacrificed thou-sands of our brave young men and women in the fields of war in defense of our democratic values—this is simply not acceptable. We can and must do better. For starters, we must restore the preclearance requirement that was shredded in Shelby. The political machinations of the last few years have laid bare the unfortunate reality that certain powerful forces will use whatever means are at their disposal—how-ever anti-democratic—to retain power. We also must roll back the many new state laws that silence the voices of millions of el-igible voters. And, we must modernize our antiquated elections system in ways that make sense for the world we live in today— in ways that will bring many more people, not fewer, to the ballot box and result in government that is truly of the people, by the people and for the people. As the Declaration of Independence says, governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. It does not say ‘‘some’’ of the governed. We must ensure that everyone has a voice. The future of our great democracy depends on it. 
STATEMENT OF SPENCER OVERTON , PRESIDENT , 
JOINT CENTER FOR POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC  
STUDIES , PROFESSOR OF LAW , THE GEORGE  
WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY LAW SCHOOL  I am President of the Joint Center for Po-litical and Economic Studies, an organiza-tion that was created due to the events of Bloody Sunday and the Voting Rights Act that followed. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 enfranchised hundreds of thousands of black voters, these black voters elected hundreds of new black elected officials, and in 1970 the Joint Center was founded to support these black elected officials. Today, the Joint Cen-ter focuses on providing innovative research, ideas, and support to leading elected officials of color nationwide. I am also a tenured Pro-fessor of Law at The George Washington Uni-versity Law School. I regularly teach a vot-ing law course, and in previous years I have taught courses on civil rights and the law of democracy generally. I. Background: Shelby County and Congressional Efforts To Update the Act A. Shelby County v. Holder In Shelby County, the Court held unconsti-tutional the Section 4(b) coverage formula that determined which jurisdictions must comply with the preclearance requirements of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Sec-tion 5 requires federal preclearance of changes affecting voting in ‘‘covered’’ juris-dictions before the changes are implemented. Section 4(b) as originally adopted and up-dated provided formulas that identified as ‘‘covered’’ jurisdictions with a voting test or device and less than 50 percent voter reg-istration or turnout in the 1964, 1968, or 1972 general Presidential elections. In Shelby County, the Court stated ‘‘a de-parture from the fundamental principle of equal sovereignty requires a showing that a statute’s disparate geographic coverage is sufficiently related to the problem that it targets,’’ and that ‘‘current burdens . . . must be justified by current needs.’’ The Court believed that in the past the 4(b) cov-erage formula based on tests and low turnout from 1964, 1968, and 1972 elections was ‘‘suffi-ciently related to the problem,’’—that it was ‘‘rational in both practice and theory,’’ ‘‘re-flected those jurisdictions uniquely charac-terized by voting discrimination,’’ and ‘‘link[ed] coverage to the devices used to ef-fectuate discrimination.’’ The Court ob-served that ‘‘[t]he formula looked to cause (discriminatory tests) and effect (low voter registration and turnout), and tailored the remedy (preclearance) to those jurisdictions exhibiting both.’’ In contrast, the Court believed that the coverage formula based on 1964, 1968, and 1972 turnout and tests was not tailored to address discrimination today. The Court noted that Congress altered the coverage formula in 1970 (adding counties in California, New Hampshire, and New York), and 1975 (adding the States of Alaska, Arizona, and Texas, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.045 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE449 April 13, 2016 
and several counties in six other states), but not in 1982 or 2006. Specifically, the Court stated: ‘‘Coverage today is based on decades-old data and eradicated practices. The formula captures States by reference to literacy tests and low voter registration and turnout in the 1960s and early 1970s. But such tests have been banned nationwide for over 40 years. And voter registration and turnout numbers in the covered States have risen dramati-cally in the years since.’’ The Court did not believe that the record Congress amassed in 2006 establishing vote dilution and other discriminatory practices was tied to text of a coverage formula based on turnout, registration rates, and tests from the 1960s and 1970s. The Court explicitly limited its holding to the 4(b) coverage formula based on election data from the 1960s and 70s, and stated that ‘‘Congress may draft another formula based on current conditions.’’ While the Court ob-served that states generally regulate state and local elections and that federal preclearance is ‘‘extraordinary,’’ the Court did not find the Section 5 preclearance proc-ess unconstitutional. Instead, it explicitly recognized that ‘‘voting discrimination still exists,’’ that ‘‘any racial discrimination in voting is too much,’’ and that Congress has the power to enforce the Fifteenth Amend-ment to prevent voting discrimination. B. 2014 and 2015 Congressional Efforts To Update the Voting Rights Act Since Shelby County, legislation has been submitted to update the Voting Rights Act— the Voting Rights Amendment Act of 2014 and the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. Both bills: 1) tie preclearance to recent instances of discrimination; 2) allow judges to order ‘‘bail in’’ preclearance coverage as a remedy for a voting rights violation even in the absence of intentional discrimination; 3) attempt to deter bad activity by requiring that jurisdictions nationwide provide notice of certain election changes; and 4) make it easier for plaintiffs to obtain a preliminary injunction to block potentially discrimina-tory election rules before they are used in an election and harm voters. There are, however, significant differences. Generally, the 2014 Amendment Act basis preclearance coverage on jurisdictions with significant voting rights violations over the prior 15 years, while the 2015 Amendment Act focuses on violations over the prior 25 years. Thus, while the 2014 Amendment Act subjected only Georgia, Louisiana, Mis-sissippi, and Texas to preclearance when in-troduced, the 2015 Advancement Act applied preclearance to those states plus Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Florida, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia. The 2014 Amendment Act exempts voter identification from violations that jus-tify the expansion of preclearance, whereas the 2015 Advancement Act provides no such voter identification exemptions. The 2015 Advancement Act also contains provisions that do not appear in the 2014 Amendment Act. For example, the 2015 Ad-vancement Act requires preclearance nation-wide for ‘‘known practices’’ historically used to discriminate against voters of color, such as: 1) voter qualifications that make it more difficult to register or vote (e.g., ID or proof of citizenship documentation); 2) redis-tricting, annexations, polling place changes, and other changes to methods of elections (e.g., moving to at-large elections) in areas that are racially, ethnically, or linguis-tically diverse; and 3) reductions in language assistance. The 2015 Advancement Act also includes Native American and Alaska Native voting protections that ensure ballot trans-lation, registration opportunities on and off Indian reservations, and annual consultation with the Department of Justice. II. The Need To Update the Voting Rights Act A. Litigation Inadequate Substitute for Loss of Preclearance While the holding in Shelby County was limited to invalidating the coverage for-mula, the decision has a significant impact. It effectively suspends Section 5 preclearance in all jurisdictions other than the handful currently subject to a Section 3(c) ‘‘bail in’’ court order, Litigation Not Comprehensive: Preclearance was comprehensive—it deterred jurisdictions from adopting many unfair election rules because officials knew every decision would be reviewed. In contrast, liti-gation requires that plaintiffs have the infor-mation and resources to bring a claim, and therefore litigation misses a lot of under- the-radar manipulation. Litigation More Expensive: Preclearance also put the burden to show a change was fair on jurisdictions—which enhanced effi-ciencies because jurisdictions generally have better access to information about the pur-pose and effect of their proposed election law changes. Litigation shifts the burden to af-fected citizens—who must employ experts and lawyers who fish for information during drawn-out discovery processes. Significant Voting Discrimination Per-sists: Too many political operatives in pre-viously covered jurisdictions continue to maintain power by unfairly manipulating voting rules based on how voters look or speak. Congress determined as much during the last reauthorization, and such discrimi-nation has occurred since that time in var-ious jurisdictions like Nueces County, Texas, While the Court in Shelby County invali-dated the coverage formula because it was based on data from the 1960s and 1970s, the Court acknowledged that ‘‘voting discrimi-nation still exists’’ and that ‘‘any racial dis-crimination in voting is too much.’’ B. Joint Center Report: 50 Years of the Voting Rights Act In 2015, the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies published 50 Years of the Voting Rights Act: The State of Race in Politics. The 46-page report established that while the Voting Rights Act increased turnout by voters of color, citizen voting age population turnout rates among Latinos and Asian Americans trail African-American turnout by 10–15 per-centage points and white turnout by 15–20 points. The report also found that racially polarized voting persists, and in some con-texts is growing. Race is the most significant factor in urban local elections, and more de-cisive than income, education, religion, sex-ual orientation, age, gender, and political ideology. The 38 point racial gap exceeds even the 33 point gap between Democratic and Republican voters. III. Conclusion In the last 51 years the United States has made significant progress on voting rights. Unfortunately, after Shelby County v. Hold-er political operatives have more oppor-tunity to unfairly manipulate election rules based on race. The Court in Shelby County stated that the purpose of the Fifteenth Amendment is ‘‘to ensure a better future,’’ but the future will be worse if Congress fails to act. Fortunately, Congress has the power to prevent discrimination and update the Vot-ing Rights Act. An updated Voting Rights Act will help not just voters of color, but our nation as a whole. Protecting voting rights provides legitimacy to our nation’s efforts to promote democracy and prevent corruption around the world. We all agree that racial discrimination in voting is wrong, and Con-gress should update the Voting Rights Act to ensure voting is free, fair, and accessible for all Americans. f 
RECOGNIZING COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR LANCE LEHR 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Command Ser-geant Major Lance Lehr on his retirement from the United States Army after 30 years of serv-ice to our country. An esteemed and re-spected member of the Armor and Cavalry community, Command Sergeant Major Lehr most recently served as the Command Ser-geant Major of the 1st Armored Division and Fort Bliss. In this role, he served a community of over 30,000 active duty servicemembers and 47,000 family members. He also played an integral role in strengthening the relation-ship between Fort Bliss and the El Paso com-munity. Command Sergeant Major Lehr’s distin-guished career includes assignments across the United States, Germany, and Bosnia- Herzegovina. He has served as a Scout driv-er, gunner, and Vehicle Commander; Scout Platoon Sergeant; Operations Sergeant; First Sergeant; and Operations Sergeant Major at the battalion and brigade level. He also had the extremely rare privilege of serving as a Command Sergeant Major for three different battalions; the 1st Brigade Combat Team of the 1st Cavalry Division; and the National Training Center and Fort Irwin. His deploy-ments include Bosnia-Herzegovina, as part of Operation Joint Guard, and Iraq, as part of Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm, Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation New Dawn, and Operation Spartan Shield. As Command Sergeant Major Lehr embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that he may recall, with a deep sense of pride and ac-complishment, the outstanding contributions he has made to the Fort Bliss and El Paso communities and to the United States Army. I would like to send him my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF TEMPLE EMANU-EL OF WEST ESSEX 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Temple Emanu-El of West Essex, located in Livingston, Essex County, New Jersey as it celebrates its 60th Anniver-sary. The Temple Emanu-El of West Essex was established in 1955 in response to growing demand for a Reform Jewish service within Livingston. Originally composed of eleven fam-ilies, the congregation quickly expanded after the first year to include fifty-six families and has continued to grow throughout the years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.046 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE450 April 13, 2016 
By 1962, the congregation completed work on the physical sanctuary, replacing an old hot-dog stand off of Northfield Road with the Tem-ple Emanu-El of West Essex. The building is an architectural landmark within Livingston. The design reflects an artistic interpretation of the Israelites’ Tent of Meeting in the desert wilderness. Since its creation, the Temple Emanu-El of West Essex has been an active participant in both the local and global community. The con-gregation established the Social Action Com-mittee in 1964, and with the pioneering efforts of Rabbi Peter Kasdan, often stood at the forefront of many social justice campaigns. Beginning with the Temple Emanu-El of West Essex, Rabbi Kasdan organized a nationwide Jewish Reform boycott of grapes in support of United Farm Workers. Other issues of focus included Soviet Jewry, Ethiopian Jewry, and Vietnamese Boat People. More recently, the organization has focused on reform rights in Israel, Darfur, LGBT rights, and raising aware-ness for Jewish genetic diseases. The Temple Emanu-El of West Essex has expanded to include an Early Childhood Cen-ter, as well as a Holocaust Remembrance Center opened in 2004. Currently, Rabbi Greg Litcofsky leads the congregation. The Temple Emanu-El promotes inclusivity within the Jew-ish faith by welcoming not only Jews of all backgrounds, but also those of interfaith fami-lies and Jews-by-Choice. This community pro-vides a strong support network for members, working to fulfill religious, cultural and social needs. From a religious school to a softball league, the Temple of Emanu-El of West Essex is more than just a religious institution, but a powerful, multi-faceted spiritual commu-nity within Livingston. In 2007, the Union for Reform Jews Con-gregation recognized the Temple of Emanu-El with an Honorable Mention for the Learner’s Award for Adult Education. Many individual members of the Temple have gone on to re-ceive the Union for Reform Jew’s Keva Award for at least one hundred hours of Jewish study. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and celebrating the Temple of Emanu-El of West Essex for its sixty years of serving as a com-munity staple, paving the way on many social justice reform issues, and providing a religious and cultural sanctuary for its active members. 
f 
HONORING MRS. SARAH DAILEY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, this month and all this month I rise to give honor to a member of my district whom most people don’t know but need to know. So today, I rise to honor Mrs. Sarah Dailey of Charleston, Mississippi located in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi. Humble and Challenging Beginnings: Sarah was born a couple of years before the Great Depression and has to her credit the skill of survival and the will to give and gain in all as-pects of human life. Her mother passed away when she and her siblings were still too young to care for themselves, so all of them to some degree had to grow up sooner than expected. Her oldest brother was the first to grow up fast by assisting their father by helping provide for the family. The family relocated from the Val-ley Road, which is south of the town of Charleston to North Creek Road. There Sarah would not only grow up but it became the place where she reared her own family. ‘‘It takes a village to raise a family’’ was the code of the old days. Since the family was being led by Sarah’s father and brother, the older women in the community took Sarah and her sisters under their wings, teaching them those things that women must know and do like managing the home, cleaning the house, protecting each other as mothers do and per-sonal care as a woman. She was very intelligent and therefore school work came easy. She excelled in all her subjects, with many awards, plaques, and certificates of recognition to support. Edu-cation was not a giving back during her day of growing up so when the opportunity came along it was treasured because it was seen as the way to a better future. By the time she was old enough to be on her own, her father remarried and moved to St. Louis, MO, taking her younger sibling with him. But Sarah and the older sibling stayed on in Charleston to chart their own future using what they had learned from those around them about adult responsibilities. A Woman: Sarah met and married Mr. Wal-ter Luther Dailey to become Mrs. Sarah Dailey. The couple made their home and raised their children on the family land, owned by her father and mother. Her motherly in-stincts and caring not only provided for her family but she became the caring provider for other family members. Mrs. Dailey, remem-bering her own personal feelings about grow-ing up without her mother, put her personal goals on hold to be a mother to many. Mrs. Dailey eventually went to work after her children began school. She worked for the Charleston Clinic in Charleston, MS where she remained employed for twenty years until an accident forced her to stop working. Mrs. Dailey also became active in the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s. She was a quiet, but a strong woman who was steadfast on making a difference. She supported her children when the East Tallahatchie School District was inte-grated. It was during this same time that her children along with other children involved in the movement were bused off to Parchman where some of the children were kept for al-most a month. A historian by hobby and interest: Mrs. Daily became the go to person when someone wanted to know something about civil rights activities in Tallahatchie County in the 1960s. She has been interviewed by people as far away as London, England and has traveled with college professors and authors as they gathered information for books they were pub-lishing. Mrs. Dailey continues to participate in com-munity related activities and is always eager to support efforts that enhance Tallahatchie County, Mississippi. She is still an active member of the NAACP, having joined in the 1960s, nearly fifty years ago. Tallahatchie County and her children can be proud to be connected to this historian and unsung hero. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring, Mrs. Sarah Dailey, of the Mis-sissippi Second Congressional District. TRIBUTE TO CLINT DUDLEY HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Clint Dud-ley for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As Owner of Shade Tree Auto LLC and Snowtel Mowtel Inc. Clint has worked hard to make a positive impact on his community and become a successful small business owner. His work ethic, drive, and dedication to civic duty have made him a leader within his com-munity. As a member of the Grimes Home Base Iowa Committee, Clint is dedicated to making Grimes a city where veterans can turn for employment and a place to build their fami-lies. He also hopes to start a program that teaches young people the values of skilled labor and how to pursue a career they can be proud of. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Clint in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Clint on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING THE SIERRA CLUB, REDWOOD CHAPTER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor the Redwood Chapter of the Sierra Club for its great contribution to the designa-tion of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.048 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE451 April 13, 2016 
pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with the Redwood Chapter of the Sierra Club to further our mutual goal of pre-serving our Nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JIM CUNNINGHAM FOR BEING IN-DUCTED INTO THE MINOR PRO FOOTBALL HALL OF FAME 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Jim Cunningham, of Con-nellsville, PA, on being inducted into the Minor Pro Football Hall of Fame. Born in Connellsville, PA, Jim grew up ex-celling in athletics. In fact, during his time at Connellsville High School, he managed to win 10 varsity letters, competing in Track and Field, Basketball, Swimming, and Football. As a result of his outstanding performance, Jim was selected all-county in Basketball and Football two years in a row, and received many offers from colleges and universities to play football. As a means of encouraging Jim to attend the University of Pittsburgh, the school ar-ranged to help his mother out with a heart op-eration she desperately needed. Thanks to this kind gesture and Jim’s talent and dedica-tion, he went on to a successful collegiate football career at Pitt that subsequently got him drafted by the Washington Redskins in the 3rd round in 1961. Following three sea-sons with the Redskins, Jim eventually re-turned home to pursue his dream of teaching. However, it wasn’t long until Jim returned to the gridiron, this time playing for the Wheeling Ironmen, of the Continental Football League, for five seasons. Jim eventually retired from teaching in 1997. In addition to his athletic accomplishments, Jim remains grateful for his three children and six grandchildren, as well as his wife, Norma. It is my pleasure to highlight Jim’s impres-sive football career and also the hardworking approach his multiple careers illustrate. I wish him and his family the best going forward. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES M. COATES 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of James M. Coates, 86, who passed away with his family by his side on Monday, April 11, 2016. He was reunited on this day with his wife Velma on what would have been their 63rd wedding anniversary. James was born on February 5, 1930 in Niles, Ohio, a son of James and Isabella Brutz Coates. James was a 1949 graduate of Niles McKin-ley High School, a member of Our Lady of Mount Carmel Parish in Niles, and a United States Army Veteran of The Korean War. James was married to Velma D’Annunzio on April 11th, 1953. He enjoyed spending time with his family and attending his children’s and grandchildren’s sporting events. During his lifetime, James started 1-Minute Car Wash in 1959; now Coates Car Care, Inc. James ex-celled in customer service. James was one of the founders of The Mahoning Valley Chapter of The National Sports Hall of Fame and was named Man of The Year in 2001. He was ac-tively involved with The Oblate Sisters of The Sacred Heart, The Ohio Car Wash Associa-tion, The Private Industry Council, The Warren General Hospital Foundation, The Elks, and The Loyal Order of Moose. He will be deeply missed by his children; his son James Coates Jr. and his wife and their five daughters, Roselyn Cera and her husband Robin, Isabelle Santisi, Angela Stabile and her husband Robert, Amy Limongi and her hus-band Richard, and Jamie Williams, two broth-ers, Michael Coates and Marty Coates, two sisters, Anna Mae Massullo and Marian Mitolo, and fifteen grandchildren. He is preceded in death by his parents, his wife, a daughter Linda Livi, and a sister Isa-belle Marcovecchio. James will be honored for his military serv-ice by The Girard Veterans Council Honor Guard. James led a fulfilling life as a soldier, a husband and father, and beyond. He will live in the memory of both his loving family but also his wonderful community. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 90TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE DENVILLE VOLUN-TEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 90th Anniversary of the Denville Volunteer Fire Department located in the Township of Denville in Morris County, New Jersey. The Denville Volunteer Fire Department first emerged in June 6, 1926 in response to a dire need in Denville for a fire-fighting organization. The Department is a result of the tireless ef-forts and generous donations of its founding members, most notably Robert G. Ellsworth. The organization fought its first fire on August 11, 1926, responding to and successfully stop-ping a roof fire. In March of 1927, volunteer laborers fin-ished work on Denville’s first firehouse, trans-forming the garage of one of its members into an operational department home. By 1935 and following a gift of land by the Denville Board of Education, the Denville Fire Department was able to establish its own building outside of the garage. Construction of the Union Hill Firehouse was completed in early 1958, and following another gift of land by the Denville Board of Education, the department was able to construct the Valley View Firehouse. After a decade and a half of successful growth, the Denville Volunteer Fire Depart-ment established a First Aid Department in 1940. Over the following years, the Depart-ment would evolve and expand to meet the ever increasing needs of the Denville commu-nity. Private donations and government fund-ing have been crucial in financing these projects. By the 1970s, the department boasted a membership of more than 100 with five fire engines in service at three firehouses. With their ever-growing group, new construction began on a new facility for the Main Street Fire Station in 1973. By the fall of 1974, their completed home was open, and is their cur-rent home today. Continuing in their growth, the department established the Junior Fire Auxiliary in 1983. Over the last twenty years, the fire depart-ment has continued to expand. Every year, they answer approximately 500 fire and 1,000 first aid calls and assist nearby departments as they respond to calls in neighboring com-munities. In the summer, they hold the annual Denville Firemen’s Carnival which brings Denville and surrounding communities to-gether for lots of food and fun. Other events the department is involved in include the Hal-loween Parade, Santa Run, Rotary Street Fes-tival, and St. Francis Fall Festival. The Denville Volunteer Fire Department is a con-sistent supporter of community activities and forging strong neighborhood networks. The past and present members of the Denville Volunteer Fire Department have gone above and beyond their call of duty. From their dedication to the safety of their commu-nity, to raising funds to maintain each fire house, their unwavering and resilient efforts are truly commendable. Without the sacrifices of these men and women, the safety and qual-ity of life within the Denville community would easily deteriorate. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in honoring Denville Fire Depart-ment for its 90th celebration of service to the township and surrounding communities. f 
HONORING MR. ROGER GIVENS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mr. Roger Givens. Roger Givens was born and raised in the Sunflower County town, Rome, Mississippi. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.051 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE452 April 13, 2016 
is the seventh of eight children of the late Freddie and Lillie Davis Givens, Sr. Mr. Givens is 67 years old. He is currently em-ployed with MINACT, Inc. as the Business & Community Liaison at the Finch-Henry Job Corps Center in Batesville, Mississippi, par-tially named after one of his mentors, the late civil rights leader, Dr. Aaron E. Henry and Governor Cliff Finch. Givens accepted his current position after a distinguished career with the Mississippi Em-ployment Security Commission (now Mis-sissippi Department of Employment Security). He retired from the Commission in 2004 as the first African-American State Director of the Employment Service Division. Givens is currently serving in numerous local, state and regional organization posi-tions, continuing his life long practice of serv-ing his community. He is recognized amongst his family, his colleagues, and his community as a man of service and passion to help those in need and improve his community. Givens and his wife of ten years are now residents of Grenada, Mississippi. He is the father of three daughters and grandfather of seven. He is a member and Deacon of the Greater Pleasant Grove Baptist Church in Gore Springs, Mis-sissippi. Givens attended and graduated from Hunter High School in Drew, Mississippi. After high school he attended and graduated from Coahoma Community College in Clarksdale, Mississippi. He continued his education at Jackson State University receiving his Bach-elor of Science degree in 1969. Immediately after receiving his degree, Givens assisted his parents in accomplishing a long time goal of moving off a Sunflower County plantation to Clarksdale, Mississippi. Because of the Coahoma Community Col-lege president’s knowledge of Givens and three other siblings, Givens’ father was given a job at Coahoma Community College by the president upon a request by Givens and his older brother. While assisting his parents com-plete the move, Givens was hired as a Coun-selor by the Mississippi Employment Security Commission in Clarksdale. Being married to his hometown girlfriend while in college, Givens also assisted his mother-in-law and five in-laws move off the same Sunflower County plantation to Clarksdale. Givens left the Mississippi Employment Se-curity Commission after four months to teach in the Clarksdale Public School system. Since the school district was desegregated in the middle of the year, Givens was not imme-diately offered a contract for the next year be-cause the school district was required to seek a balance of white-black teachers. He returned to the Employment Commission for the sum-mer and committed to stay after a full time po-sition was offered. After only one year in Clarksdale, Givens mother-in-law passed and he and wife accept-ed the responsibility of caring for the five in- laws left without parents. The in-laws, along with Givens three daughters, remained in the household together until each completed high school or moved on to join the workforce or military. After three years in Clarksdale, Givens lost his father to a heart attack. Givens committed to remaining in Clarksdale to be near his mother. Also, his work in the community, to in-clude the Head Start program and the local chapter of the National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People, was well under way and close ties had been developed with many local officials. The community involve-ment and encouragement from local officials, including Dr. Aaron Henry, resulted in Givens becoming active in state, regional and national advocacy groups for Head Start. He served several terms as President of the Mississippi Head Start Parents Association and was a founding member and two terms President of the National Head Start Parents Association. After working in a non-status position with the Employment Security Commission for ap-proximately three (3) years, in 1972 Givens became the first African-American to receive a permanent status position in the Clarksdale of-fice. In 1975 he was selected to enter the agency’s Counseling Masters Program at Mis-sissippi State University. The same year he was promoted and selected to start and be Coordinator of the Employment Security Com-mission’s Ex-Offender Placement Program based at the Mississippi State Penitentiary. He received his Masters degree in Counseling from Mississippi State University in 1978. In 1980, Givens became the first African- American to be appointed the State MonitorAdvocate/Complaint Specialist. He re-located his family to Jackson to work in the Employment Security Commission’s head-quarters. In 1986, Givens was appointed the Manager of the Greenwood Employment Office, the first African-American to manage an office in the Mississippi delta. Within months of relocating his family from Jackson to Greenwood, Givens’ family started receiving telephone threats from callers identified as the KKK ad-vising him to leave the city because the posi-tion of manager was for whites. Acts of vio-lence and damage to his home were com-mitted in the following weeks. The threats and violence ended after an investigation by the local law enforcement and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. During the same year Givens’ co-workers elected him the first African-Amer-ican to be president of the Mississippi Chapter of the International Association of Workforce Professionals (IAWP). During his term as president, the Chapter improved in employee participation and service to members, obtain-ing an international ranking of number 6, the highest in Chapter history. During his five years as the Greenwood Employment Office Manager, Givens was deeply involved in com-munity organizations as the Chamber of Com-merce and the Greenwood Voters League. In 1991, Givens was appointed the Employ-ment Security Commission Area Supervisor for the Mississippi delta, the first African-Amer-ican in the state to hold an Area Supervisor position. Partially, because of Givens commit-ment to staff development and equal oppor-tunity, the minority office managers in the delta increased from 0 out of 9 to 6 out of 9 during his tenure as Area Supervisor. After a reorganization of the Employment Service Di-vision in 1996, Givens supervisory responsi-bility was expanded to include all of north Mis-sissippi. Givens was appointed State Director of the Mississippi Employment Security Commission Employment Service Division in 2001. During his tenure in the position, he continued his commitment to staff development, teamwork, customer service and equal opportunity. This resulted in broad support within the Employ-ment Service Division and a noticeable in-crease in minorities in management positions throughout the state. In 2005, after retiring from the state, Givens was hired by MINACT, INC., a minority owned company based in Jackson, Mississippi, upon the recommendation of a senior MINACT offi-cial, who was a former Head Start employee aware of Givens years of community involve-ment and career with the state. Givens consid-ered it a blessing to be in a position to use the experience and knowledge from his life long career and community service to help the Finch-Henry Job Corps Center accomplish the mission of preparing youth and young adults for the workforce and life in general. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Roger Givens for his dedi-cation to this great state. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIANNE FITZGERALD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Brianne Fitzgerald for being named a 2016 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2016 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 640 business leaders and growing. As the marketing and communication direc-tor at Big Brothers Big Sisters of Central Iowa Brianne has utilized her expertise in the mar-keting field to raise awareness of the message Big Brother and Big Sisters is trying to bring to the community. She works tirelessly to pro-vide resources to those who need them most, so that they too have the opportunity to be-come successful. Her dedication and passion for serving others and strengthening the Des Moines community is a true testament to her character and it has not gone unnoticed. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Brianne in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Brianne on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2016 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.054 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE453 April 13, 2016 
This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, April 14, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 19 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of General Vincent K. Brooks, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine under-standing the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine challenges and opportunities for oil and gas development in different price environments. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017 for the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine preventing drug trafficking through international mail. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine ensuring ac-countability for crime survivors, focus-ing on assessing the Crime Victims Fund after three decades. SD–226 1 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine anticipating and preventing deadly attacks on Euro-pean Jewish communities. CHOB–210 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold closed hearings to examine cy-bersecurity and United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram. SVC–217 APRIL 20 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Environmental Protection Agency. SD–124 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security To hold hearings to examine the state of the United States maritime industry, focusing on stakeholder perspectives. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine new ap-proaches and innovative technologies to improve water supply. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the admin-istrative state, focusing on an exam-ination of Federal rulemaking. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Inga S. Bernstein, to be United States District Judge for the District of Massachusetts, Stephanie A. Galla-gher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, Su-zanne Mitchell, and Scott L. Palk, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, and Ronald G. Russell, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for Defense innovation and research. SD–192 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine restoring stability to government operations. SD–608 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–232A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Rules and Administration To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Carla D. Hayden, of Maryland, to be Librarian of Congress. SR–301 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine the current state of research, diagnosis, and treat-ment for post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. SR–222 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine our complex tax code and the economy. SD–562 APRIL 21 9:15 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. SD–342 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States European Command and Su-preme Allied Commander, Europe. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety To hold hearings to examine enabling ad-vanced reactors, including S. 2795, to modernize the regulation of nuclear en-ergy. SD–406 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine S. 1167, to modify the boundaries of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wilderness and to authorize the continued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho, S. 1423, to designate certain Federal lands in California as wilderness, S. 1510, to designate and ex-pand wilderness areas in Olympic Na-tional Forest in the State of Wash-ington, and to designate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olym-pic National Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 1699, to designate certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wil-derness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Or-egon, S. 1777, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to authorize the Sec-retary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and struc-tures for commercial recreation serv-ices at Smith Gulch in Idaho, S. 2018, to convey, without consideration, the reversionary interests of the United States in and to certain non-Federal land in Glennallen, Alaska, S. 2223, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Manage-ment land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, S. 2379, to provide for the unencumbering of title to non- Federal land owned by the city of Tuc-son, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Fed-eral reversionary interest to the City, and S. 2383, to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appro-priation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13AP8.000 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE454 April 13, 2016 
the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land. SD–366 APRIL 27 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office report on ‘‘Telecommunications: Addi-tional Coordination and Performance Measurement Needed for High-Speed Internet Access Programs on Tribal Lands.’’ SD–628 MAY 9 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–232A MAY 10 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–232A 11 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SD–G50 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SD–G50 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SD–G50 5:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–232A MAY 11 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 MAY 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 MAY 13 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13AP8.000 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D359 Wednesday, April 13, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1983–S2065 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and seven res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2786–2798, S.J. Res. 32, and S. Res. 419–424.
                  Page S2024 
Measures Passed: Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act: Senate passed H.R. 1493, to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S2062–63 
Inhofe (for Casey/Corker) Amendment No. 3788, relative to emergency protection for Syrian cultural property.
                                                                         Page S2063 
International Women’s Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 388, supporting the goals of International Women’s Day, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
     Page S2063 
Congratulating University of North Dakota Men’s Hockey Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 419, congratulating the University of North Dakota men’s hockey team for winning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association division I men’s hockey championship.
                                             Page S2064 
Congratulating Augustana Men’s Basketball Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 420, congratulating the 2016 national champion Augustana Vikings for their win in the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II Men’s Basketball Tour-nament.
                                                                           Page S2064 
Congratulating University of Connecticut Wom-en’s Basketball Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 421, congratulating the University of Connecticut Wom-en’s Basketball Team for winning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I title. 
                                                                                            Page S2064 
National Crime Victims’ Rights Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 422, supporting the mission and goals of 2016 ‘‘National Crime Victims’ Rights Week’’, which include increasing public awareness of the rights, needs, concerns of, and services available to assist victims and survivors of crime in the United States.                                                              Page S2064 
Congratulating University of Minnesota Wom-en’s Ice Hockey Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 423, congratulating the University of Minnesota Women’s Ice Hockey Team on winning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Association Women’s Ice Hockey Championship.
                                                            Page S2064 
Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 424, supporting the goals and ideals of Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day.
                                                                    Page S2064 
Authorizing Use of Emancipation Hall: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 115, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kameha-meha I.
                                                                    Pages S2064–65 
Authorizing Use of Capitol Grounds: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 117, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition.
                           Pages S2064–65 
Authorizing Use of Capitol Grounds: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 120, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 3rd Annual Fallen Fire-fighters Congressional Flag Presentation Ceremony. 
                                                                                    Pages S2064–65 
Measures Considered: America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act— Agreement: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                         Pages S1985–S2019 
Pending: McConnell (for Thune/Nelson) Amendment No. 3679, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S1985 
Thune Amendment No. 3680 (to Amendment No. 3679), of a perfecting nature.
                    Page S1985 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that amendments submitted to the previous substitute, McConnell (for Thune/Nelson) Amend-ment No. 3464, be considered to be submitted to the new substitute, McConnell (for Thune/Nelson) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD360 April 13, 2016 
Amendment No. 3679 (listed above), as long as the instructions to the Clerk are drafted properly. 
                                                                                            Page S2065 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, April 14, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S2065 
Energy Policy Modernization Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached pro-viding that at a time to be determined by the Ma-jority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, Senate resume consideration of S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States; that it be in order to call up the following amendments en bloc, and that the amendments be called up and reported by number: Cantwell Amendment No. 3276; Klobuchar Modi-fied Amendment No. 3302; Flake Amendment No. 3055; Flake Amendment No. 3050; Hatch Amend-ment No. 3237; Murkowski Amendment No. 3308; Heller Modified Amendment No. 3286; Vitter Amendment No. 3075; Portman/Shaheen Amend-ment No. 3168; Shaheen Modified Amendment No. 3292; Heinrich Amendment No. 3155; Manchin Amendment No. 3270; Cantwell Modified Amend-ment No. 3313; Cantwell Amendment No. 3214; Vitter Amendment No. 3266; Sullivan Amendment No. 3310; Heinrich Amendment No. 3317; Vitter Modified Amendment No. 3265; Kaine Amendment No. 3012; Alexander/Merkley Amendment No. 3290; Gillibrand/Cassidy Amendment No. 3004; Warner Modified Amendment No. 3233; Thune Amendment No. 3239; Udall/Portman Amendment No. 3221; Coons Amendment No. 3203; Portman Modified Amendment No. 3309; Flake Amendment No. 3229; and Inhofe Amendment No. 3251; that immediately following the reporting of the amend-ments, it be in order for the Senate to vote on or in relation to these amendments en bloc, as well as Murkowski Amendment No. 2963, with no inter-vening action or debate; that it be in order to call up the following amendments en bloc, and that the amendments be called up and reported by number: Murkowski/Cantwell Modified Amendment No. 3234; Isakson/Bennet Amendment No. 3202; Burr Amendment No. 3175; Lankford Amendment No. 3210; Boozman Amendment No. 3311; Udall Amendment No. 3312; and Paul Amendment No. 3787; that there be two hours of debate, equally di-vided in the usual form, on the amendments concur-rently, that no further amendments to these amend-ments be in order, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on or in relation to the amendments in the order listed, with a 60 af-firmative vote threshold for adoption of each of the amendments, with no intervening action or debate; that following the disposition of Paul Amendment No. 3787, Senate vote on or in relation to Cassidy Amendment No. 2954, with a 60 vote affirmative threshold for adoption; that following disposition of Cassidy Amendment No. 2954, the substitute, Mur-kowski Amendment No. 2953, as amended, be agreed to, and that notwithstanding rule XXII, Sen-ate vote on the motion to invoke cloture, upon re-consideration, on the bill, as amended, that if cloture is invoked, all post-cloture time be yielded back, and Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended; and that budget points of order not be barred by virtue of this agreement.
                                              Pages S2016–19 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2023 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2023 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2023 
Executive Communications:                             Page S2023 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S2024 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2024–26 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2026–29 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2022–23 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2029–61 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2061–62 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2062 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:30 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, April 14, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on Page S2065.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017’’. APPROPRIATIONS: MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Missile Defense Agency, after re-ceiving testimony from Vice Admiral J.D. Syring, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D361 April 13, 2016 
USN, Director, Missile Defense Agency, Department of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act, 2017’’. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower concluded a hearing to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Thomas P. Dee, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Expeditionary Programs and Logistics Management, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition, and Lieutenant General Robert S. Walsh, USMC, Deputy Commandant for Combat Development and Integration, Commanding General, Marine Corps Combat Development Command, both of the Department of Defense. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Brian P. McKeon, Prin-cipal Deputy Under Secretary for Policy, Admiral William E. Gortney, USN, Commander, United States Northern Command and Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command, Vice Admi-ral J.D. Syring, USN, Director, Missile Defense Agency, and Lieutenant General David L. Mann, USA, Commanding General, Army Space and Mis-sile Defense Command/Army Forces Strategic Com-mand and Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile Defense, all of the Department of Defense. BUDGETING TO MAXIMIZE TAXPAYER VALUE Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-ing to examine budgeting for outcomes to maximize taxpayer value, after receiving testimony from Paul L. Posner, George Mason University School of Pol-icy, Government and International Affairs, and Mau-rice P. McTigue, George Mason University Mercatus Center, both of Arlington, Virginia; and Roy T. Meyers, University of Maryland, Baltimore County, Baltimore. ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the role of environmental policies on access to energy and eco-nomic opportunity, after receiving testimony from Alex Epstein, The Moral Case for Fossil Fuels, Laguna Beach, California; Reverend Robert A. Sirico, Acton Institute, Grand Rapids, Michigan; and Michael Breen, Truman Project and Truman Center, Rev-erend J. Herbert Nelson II, Presbyterian Church Of-fice of Public Witness, and Major General (Ret.), Robert Scales, all of Washington, D.C. ENDING SEXUAL ABUSE IN U.N. PEACEKEEPING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine ending sexual abuse in United Nations peacekeeping, after receiving testimony from Isobel Coleman, Representative to the United Na-tions for U.N. Management and Reform, Tracey Jacobson, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for International Organization Affairs, and Major Gen-eral Michael Rothstein, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Plans, Programs, and Operations, Bureau of Po-litical-Military Affairs, all of the Department of State; Peter Yeo, Better World Campaign, Wash-ington, D.C.; and Miranda Brown, Geneva, Switzer-land. AMERICA’S DEMAND FOR DRUGS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine America’s insatiable demand for drugs, after receiv-ing testimony from General John F. Kelly, USMC (Ret.), former Combatant Commander, United States Southern Command, Department of Defense, Woodbridge, Virginia; Jonathan P. Caulkins, Car-negie Mellon University’s Heinz College, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; Cheryl G. Healton, New York Univer-sity College of Global Public Health, New York, New York; Tony Sgro, EdVenture Partners, Orinda, California; and Robert J. Budsock, Integrity House, Newark, New Jersey. INDIAN AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 2205, to establish a grant pro-gram to assist tribal governments in establishing tribal healing to wellness courts, S. 2421, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation located in Dillingham, Alaska, S. 2564, to modernize prior leg-islation relating to Dine College, S. 2643, to im-prove the implementation of the settlement agree-ment reached between the Pueblo de Cochiti of New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD362 April 13, 2016 
Mexico and the Corps of Engineers, and S. 2717, to improve the safety and address the deferred mainte-nance needs of Indian dams to prevent flooding on Indian reservations, after receiving testimony from Michael Black, Director, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Nicholas Garcia, Pueblo de Cochiti, Cochiti Pueblo, New Mexico; Paul Day, Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, Cass Lake, Minnesota; Martn Miguel Ahumada, Din, College, Tsaile, Ari-zona; Julie Roberts-Hyslop, Tanana Tribal Council, Tanana, Alaska; and Robert J. Clark, Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation, Dillingham, Alaska. EB–5 TARGETED EMPLOYMENT AREAS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine EB–5 targeted employment areas, after receiving testimony from Representatives Goodlatte, Conyers, and Amodei; Daniel J. Healy, Civitas Capital Group, Dallas, Texas; Timothy J. Whipple, Iowa Economic Development Authority, Des Moines; Peter D. Joseph, Invest In the USA, Washington, D.C.; and Gary Friedland, New York University Stern School of Business, New York, New York. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4921–4935; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 677–679 were introduced.
                         Page H1679 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1680–81 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4509, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify membership of State planning committees or urban area working groups for the Homeland Security Grant Program, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–491); H.R. 4482, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a southwest border threat anal-ysis, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–492); and H.R. 4549, to require the Transportation Security Administration to conduct security screening at cer-tain airports, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–493).
                           Pages H1678–79 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Jolly to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H1639 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:34 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H1643 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Steve Thomlison, St. Ste-phen’s Catholic Church, Exeter, Nebraska. 
                                                                                            Page H1643 
No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Ac-cess Act—Rule for consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 672, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2666) to prohibit the Federal Com-munications Commission from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service, by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 142, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 141.                                                       Pages H1645–48, H1652–53 
Financial Stability Oversight Council Reform Act and Raising the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement—Rule for consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 671, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3340) to place the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research under the regular appropriations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Financial Research, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3791) to raise the consolidated as-sets threshold under the small bank holding com-pany policy statement, by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 144, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 143. 
                                                                Pages H1648–52, H1653–55 
Recess: The House recessed at 1:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 1:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1652 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Border and Maritime Coordination Improve-ment Act: H.R. 3586, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve border and maritime security coordination in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security;
                        Pages H1655–63 
Southwest Border Security Threat Assessment Act of 2016: H.R. 4482, amended, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a south-west border threat analysis;
                          Pages H1663–65 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D363 April 13, 2016 
State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act: H.R. 4509, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify member-ship of State planning committees or urban area working groups for the Homeland Security Grant Program;
                                                                Pages H1665–67 
Treating Small Airports with Fairness Act of 2016: H.R. 4549, amended, to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to conduct security screening at certain airports; and
              Pages H1667–70 
Enhancing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act: H.R. 4403, amended, to authorize the development of open-source software based on certain systems of the Department of Homeland Security and the Depart-ment of State to facilitate the vetting of travelers against terrorist watchlists and law enforcement databases, enhance border management, and improve targeting and analysis.
                                    Pages H1670–72 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H1645. Senate Referral: S. 2133 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H1645 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1652, H1653, H1653–54, H1654. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 4:29 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ENERGY AND THE RURAL ECONOMY: THE IMPACTS OF OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Energy and the Rural Economy: The Impacts of Oil and Gas Production’’. Testimony was heard from Martin T. Causer, Majority Chairman, Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee, Pennsyl-vania House of Representatives; and public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, and Interim Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017. The Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, was or-dered reported, as amended. The Interim Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017 passed. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development held a markup on the En-ergy and Water Development Appropriations Bill, FY 2017. The Energy and Water Development Ap-propriations Bill, FY 2017, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a markup on the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, FY 2017. The Agriculture, Rural Devel-opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, was forwarded to the full committee, without amend-ment. BUILDING THE NAVY OF THE FUTURE: A LOOK AT NAVY FORCE STRUCTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Building the Navy of the Future: A Look at Navy Force Structure’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. FLINT WATER CRISIS: IMPACTS AND LESSONS LEARNED Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy; and Subcommittee on Health, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Flint Water Crisis: Impacts and Lessons Learned’’. Testi-mony was heard from Joel Beauvais, Deputy Assist-ant Administrator, Office of Water, Environmental Protection Agency; Keith Creagh, Director, Michi-gan Department of Environmental Quality; Nicole Lurie, Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Re-sponse, Department of Health and Human Services; Nick Lyon, Director, Michigan Department of Health and Human Services; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing on seven communications bills. Testimony was heard from Detective Sergeant B.A. Finley, Criminal Inves-tigations Division, Johns Creek Police Department, Johns Creek, Georgia; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 1486, the ‘‘Taking Account of Bureaucrats’ Spending Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 4894, to repeal title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD364 April 13, 2016 
other purposes. H.R. 1486 was ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 4894 was ordered reported, without amendment. ASSESSING PRESIDENT OBAMA’S MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA FY 2017 BUDGET REQUEST Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Assessing President Obama’s Middle East and North Africa FY 2017 Budget Request’’. Testimony was heard from Anne W. Patterson, Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State; and Paige Alexander, Assistant Adminis-trator, Bureau for the Middle East, U.S. Agency for International Development. COUNTERING EXTREMISM AND THE THREAT OF ISIS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Countering Extremism and the Threat of ISIS in Southeast Asia’’. Testimony was heard from W. Patrick Mur-phy, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asia and the Pacific, Department of State; Marie Rich-ards, Deputy Counterterrorism Coordinator for Re-gional and Multilateral Affairs, Bureau of Counter-terrorism, Department of State; and Gloria Steele, Senior Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International Development. PEACEKEEPERS: ALLEGATIONS OF ABUSE AND ABSENCE OF ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE UNITED NATIONS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Peacekeepers: Allegations of Abuse and Absence of Accountability at the United Nations’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 699, the ‘‘Email Privacy Act’’. H.R. 699 was ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a hearing on a discussion draft of the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’. Testimony was heard from Antonio Weiss, Counselor to the Secretary, Department of the Treas-ury; and public witnesses. EMPOWERING STATES AND WESTERN WATER USERS THROUGH REGULATORY AND ADMINISTRATIVE REFORMS Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering States and Western Water Users Through Regulatory and Administrative Reforms’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 4900, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Over-sight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA)’’. WASTE AND INEFFICIENCY IN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT: GAO’S 2016 DUPLICATION REPORT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Waste and Inef-ficiency in the Federal Government: GAO’s 2016 Duplication Report’’. Testimony was heard from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General of the United States, Government Accountability Office; John Dalrymple, Deputy Commissioner, Services and En-forcement, Internal Revenue Service, Department of Treasury; David Tillotson, Deputy Director, Defense Chief Management Officer, Department of Defense; and Patrick H. Conway, Acting Principal Deputy Administrator, Deputy Administrator for Innovation and Quality, and Chief Medical Officer, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services. EXAMINING THE SAFETY AND SERVICE OF D.C. METRO Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Transportation and Public Assets; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Safety and Service of D.C. Metro’’. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Flowers, Senior Advisor, Federal Transit Ad-ministration; Christopher Hart, Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board; and public witnesses. KEEP IT SIMPLE: SMALL BUSINESS TAX SIMPLIFICATION AND REFORM, MAIN STREET SPEAKS Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Keep It Simple: Small Business Tax Simplification and Reform, Main Street Speaks’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D365 April 13, 2016 
KEEP IT SIMPLE: SMALL BUSINESS TAX SIMPLIFICATION AND REFORM, THE COMMISSIONER RESPONDS Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Keep It Simple: Small Business Tax Simplification and Reform, the Commissioner Responds’’. Testimony was heard from John Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 3936, the ‘‘VET Act’’; H.R. 4087, the ‘‘Fair Treatment for Families of Veterans Act’’; H.R. 4757, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ex-pand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and me-dallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries; H.R. 4758, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the award of the Presidential Memorial Certificate to certain deceased members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces and certain deceased members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; H.R. 4759, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay costs relating to the transportation of certain deceased veterans to veterans’ cemeteries owned by a State or tribal organization; H.R. 4782, the ‘‘Vet-erans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2016’’; H.R. 3715, the ‘‘Final Farewell Act of 2015’’; a draft of the ‘‘Medal of Honor Legacy Act’’; a draft of the ‘‘Love Lives On Act of 2016’’; a draft bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the consideration of evidence by Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals; and a draft bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to pay special compensation to certain veterans with the loss or loss of use of cre-ative organs. Testimony was heard from Chairman Miller of Florida; and Representatives Brown of Flor-ida; Costello; and Love; and David R. McLenachen, Deputy Under Secretary for Disability Assistance, Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; Patrick K. Hallinan, Executive Di-rector, Army National Military Cemeteries, Depart-ment of the Army; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3724, the ‘‘Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4890, to im-pose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and implements a comprehen-sive customer service strategy; H.R. 4885, the ‘‘IRS Oversight While Eliminating Spending (OWES) Act of 2016’’; H.R. 1206, the ‘‘No Hires for the Delin-quent IRS Act’’. H.R. 3724, H.R. 4890, H.R. 4885, and H.R. 1206 were ordered reported, as amended. MEMBER PROPOSALS RELATING TO FUNDAMENTAL REFORM OF THE INCOME TAX SYSTEM Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Tax Policy held a hearing on Member proposals relating to fundamental reform of the income tax system. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte; Representative Williams; and Thomas Barthold, Staff Director, Joint Committee on Taxation. ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activities’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
BUSINESS MEETING Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies— 2016: Committee announced the following member-ship: Senator Blunt (Chairman), Senator McConnell, Senator Schumer, Representative Paul Ryan, Rep-resentative McCarthy, and Representative Pelosi. Also, Committee approved its budget. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider proposed legislation authorizing funds for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup proposed legislation making appropriations for energy and water development for fiscal year 2017, proposed legisla-tion making appropriations for military construction, Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for fiscal year 2017, and 302(b) subcommittee allocations, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub- committee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment, with the Subcommittee on Economic Policy, to hold joint hearings to examine current trends and changes in the fixed-income markets, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine options for addressing the continuing lack of reliable emergency medical transpor-tation for the isolated community of King Cove, Alaska, 9 a.m., SD–366. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD366 April 13, 2016 Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Bureau of Land Management’s proposed rule, entitled ‘‘Waste Pre-vention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resources Conservation,’’ published in the Federal Register on Feb-ruary 8, 2016, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Federal perspective on the state of our nation’s biodefense, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 2390, to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, S. 2613, to reau-thorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, S. 2614, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with au-tism, and the nomination of Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Focus on the Farm Economy: Growing Farm Finan-cial Pressure’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hearing on United States Pacific Command, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘The Missile Defeat Posture and Strategy of the United States—the FY17 President’s Budget Request’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘Innovations in Health Care: Exploring Free-Mar-ket Solutions for a Healthy Workforce’’, 10:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘NHTSA Oversight’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘The JOBS Act at Four: Examining Its Impact and Proposals to Further Enhance Capital Formation’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Courts, In-tellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘International Trade Commission Patent Litigation’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing on the ‘‘Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act (PRENDA) of 2016’’, 3 p.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4900, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA)’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4901, the ‘‘Scholarships for Op-portunity and Results Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 4902, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law en-forcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations; H.R. 4906, to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of employees of a land management agency in a time-limited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Federal agency, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 4921, the ‘‘Ditto Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4904, the ‘‘Making Electronic Government Accountable By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4465, the ‘‘Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016’’; H.R. 433, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memo-rial Post Office’’; H.R. 2607, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Av-enue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4425, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Min-nesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’; H.R. 4761, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’; H.R. 4777, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building’’; and H.R. 4877, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Connecting Veterans with PTSD with Service Dogs’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Subcommittee on Rules and Organi-zation of the House, hearing on proposed reforms to Rule XXI and the modern authorization and appropriations process, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Can the IRS Protect Taxpayers’ Personal Information?’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Regulation: The Hidden Small Business Tax’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Maritime Transportation Safety and Stewardship Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D367 April 13, 2016 Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Blackout! Are We Prepared to Manage the Aftermath of a Cyber-Attack or Other Failure of the Electrical Grid?’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health; and Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating VA IT: Scheduling Mod-ernization and Choice Consolidation’’, 10 a.m., 334 Can-non. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing on H.R. 748, the ‘‘GI Bill STEM Extension Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2551, the ‘‘Veterans’ Entry to Apprenticeship Act’’; H.R. 3286, the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’; H.R. 3419, the ‘‘Sup-port for Student Veterans with Families Act’’; H.R. 4138, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup relocation expenses paid to or on behalf of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; a draft bill to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to educational assist-ance, and for other purposes; a draft of the ‘‘Veterans Suc-cess on Campus Act of 2016’’; a draft of the ‘‘GI Bill Oversight Act of 2016’’; and a draft bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a research program to evaluate the effectiveness of Transition Assistance Pro-gram in addressing needs of certain minority veterans, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Tax Treatment of Health Care’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Trade, organizational meeting; and hearing entitled ‘‘Miscellaneous Tariff Bill: Helping U.S. Manufacturers through Tax Cuts’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Long-worth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘General Defense Intelligence Program Budget Hearing’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hear-ing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD368 April 13, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, April 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act (the legislative vehicle for the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration Reauthorization Act). At approximately 10:30 a.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on McConnell (for Thune/Nelson) Amendment No. 3679 to the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, April 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 3340— Financial Stability Oversight Council Reform Act and H.R. 3791—To Raise the Consolidated Assets Threshold Under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy State-ment. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E445 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E436 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E438 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E440 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E442 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E435, E437, E439, E440, E443, E446, E449, E451 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E435 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E436 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E443, E445 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E445 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E439, E441 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E436, E449 Perry, Scott, Pa., E438 Ribble, Reid J. E440 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E440 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E445 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E437, E441, E451 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E441 Schrader, Kurt, Ore., E443 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E445 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E447 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E447, E451 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E435, E436, E437, E438, E441, E442, E444, E446, E450, E451 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E438, E440, E450 Valadao, David G., Calif., E443 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E444 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E437 Young, David, Iowa, E435, E436, E438, E439, E441, E442, E444, E447, E450, E452 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13AP6.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST