Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 2016 No. 2 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, January 11, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
TUESDAY , JANUARY 5, 2016 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 5, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable A
DRIAN  S
MITH to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another year. We give You thanks also for the first session of the 114th Congress, and Your sustaining us with Your presence, wis-dom, patience, and love. We ask that the efforts of the first session might prove fruitful in the benefits redounding to our Nation and its peo-ple. We ask as well Your forgiveness for the smallness of actions on some occa-sions and the inability to work to-gether when so many were adversely affected. We know that this is not what You wish for us, not what the Amer-ican people wish for our Nation, and not what the Members of this people’s House have been elected for. Lord, have mercy. We ask Your blessing now on each Member of Congress, that they might be their best selves in representing not only their constituents, but also the entire American citizenry. They have taken oaths to do so. Give them the strength and the wisdom to fulfill those oaths. We thank You as well for this mar-velous forum, where the important business of this Nation has been done in the past and will be done in the up-coming second session. May the work to be done be inspired by the wisdom of prophets and the love of saintly people. May all that we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 5, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Under clause 2(g) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, I herewith designate Mr. Rob-ert Reeves, Deputy Clerk, to sign any and all papers and do all other acts for me under the name of the Clerk of the House which they would be authorized to do by virtue of this designation, except such as are provided by statute, in case of my temporary absence or disability.  This designation shall remain in effect for the 114th Congress or until modified by me. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS, Clerk of the House. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
CALL OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER. The Clerk will use the electronic system to ascertain the presence of a quorum. Members will record their presence by electronic device. The call was taken by electronic de-vice, and the following Members re-sponded to their names: 
[Roll No. 1] ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—397 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.000 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4 January 5, 2016 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—37 
Bass Becerra Brady (PA) Cole DeLauro Fincher Fudge Grijalva Harris Higgins Hinojosa Issa Jackson Lee Kennedy Kind King (IA) Labrador Larsen (WA) Lipinski Maloney, Sean Marchant Miller (MI) Nugent Pingree Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Stutzman Titus Wagner Webster (FL) Whitfield 
b1857 The SPEAKER. On this roll call, 397 Members have recorded their presence. A quorum is present. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the proceedings of January 4, 2016, and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Alle-giance. Mr. POE of Texas led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PROVIDING FOR A COMMITTEE TO NOTIFY THE PRESIDENT OF THE ASSEMBLY OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 576 Resolved, That a committee of two Mem-bers be appointed by the Speaker to notify the President of the United States that a quorum of the House has assembled and that the House is ready to receive any commu-nication that he may be pleased to make. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
APPOINTMENT AS MEMBERS OF COMMITTEE TO NOTIFY THE PRESIDENT, PURSUANT TO HOUSE RESOLUTION 576 The SPEAKER. Pursuant to House Resolution 576, the Chair appoints the following Members to the committee to notify the President of the United States that a quorum of the House has assembled and that the House is ready to receive any communication that he may be pleased to make: the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ). 
f 
b1900 TO INFORM THE SENATE THAT A QUORUM OF THE HOUSE HAS AS-SEMBLED Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 577 Resolved, That the Clerk of the House in-form the Senate that a quorum of the House is present and that the House is ready to pro-ceed with business. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE HOUR OF MEETING OF THE HOUSE Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 578 Resolved, That unless otherwise ordered, the hour of daily meeting of the House shall be 2 p.m. on Mondays; noon on Tuesdays (or 2 p.m. if no legislative business was con-ducted on the preceding Monday); noon on Wednesdays and Thursdays; and 9 a.m. on all other days of the week. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAKING IN ORDER MORNING-HOUR DEBATE Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, providing for morning-hour debate be extended for the remainder of the 114th Con-gress, except that House Resolution 578 shall supplant House Resolution 9. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.006 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5 January 5, 2016 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN HONOR OF THE LATE SENATOR DALE BUMPERS (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today our Arkansas delegation rises to pay trib-ute to a dedicated public servant, an exceptional orator, and a distinguished son of Arkansas. Former Arkansas Governor and four- term United States Senator Dale Leon Bumpers passed away on Friday, Janu-ary 1, at the age of 90. Hailing from the small town of Charleston, Arkansas, Senator Bump-ers graduated from the University of Arkansas with a degree in political science and followed that with service in the United States Marine Corps dur-ing World War II. After earning his law degree from Northwestern University, Bumpers and his wife, Betty, returned to their home-town of Charleston, where he practiced law. In the wake of the 1954 Supreme Court decision on Brown v. Board of Education, Bumpers advised the Charleston School Board to imme-diately desegregate its school system. Listed as his proudest achievement, the Charleston School District was the first school district in the former Con-federacy to desegregate. Nicknamed by The New York Times as the ‘‘giant killer,’’ Senator Bumpers emerged as a dark horse candidate to defeat long-time Governor Orval Faubus in 1970. In his two terms as Governor, he continued and expanded Governor Rockefeller’s era of expan-sive governmental reform. In 1974, he defeated five-term U.S. Senator J. William Fulbright in the Democratic primary with 65 percent of the vote to win the Senate seat and serve for 24 years. When I was a young Senate staffer, it was a pleasure to work with Senator Bumpers and my Second District pred-ecessor, Congressman Ed Bethune, on the completion of the landmark Arkan-sas Wilderness Act of 1984. Mr. Speaker, on Sunday, January 10, Dale Bumpers will be laid to rest. Those of us in the delegation, as we prepare to make our final good-byes, would ask for a moment of silence to honor this Arkansas leader, public servant, and elder statesman. 
f 
BACKGROUND CHECKS FOR GUN OWNERSHIP (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of President Obama’s an-nouncement today to fight the growing epidemic of gun violence in America and make our families more secure and communities safer. It is just common sense that back-ground checks should be required be-fore an individual is allowed to buy a firearm, yet Congress refuses to pass legislation to close loopholes that allow gun sales to proceed before back-ground checks are completed. Under the so-called Charleston loop-hole that contributed to the mass mur-der of nine of my constituents, sales can proceed after 3 days, even when the background check is not complete. That is just wrong. My bill, the Back-ground Check Completion Act, will en-sure that background checks are com-pleted before sales take place. I thank the President for his leader-ship today, and I call on my colleagues, many of whom seem to default to ‘‘no,’’ no matter how reasonable the proposed legislation may be, when all else fails, employ common sense. f 
VISITING WITH CONSTITUENTS OF SOUTH CAROLINA’S SECOND CON-GRESSIONAL DISTRICT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I traveled across the Second Congressional District of South Carolina, visiting communities in Columbia, West Columbia, Aiken, North Augusta, Barnwell, Orangeburg, and Lexington to present my 2016 legis-lative agenda. At each stop, I was grateful to share my priorities with constituents and answer questions from the media. In this new legislative year, I will ad-vance legislation to create jobs for American families and reduce harmful regulations that destroy jobs. We also must protect the economic future for our children and grandchildren by pass-ing balanced budgets and reining in Washington’s out-of-control spending, which is a crushing debt on future gen-erations. As chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am also fo-cusing on promoting peace through strength to support our troops and keep our families safe from Islamic ex-tremists in the global war on ter-rorism. I will also strive to strengthen our Nation’s cyber capabilities and pro-tect our citizens against cyber attacks by enemies. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF STAFF SERGEANT PETER TAUB (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Staff Sergeant Peter Taub, one of six victims of a suicide bombing attack in Afghanistan on December 21. Peter was a remarkable young man. He was raised in Wyncote, Montgomery County, which I am proud to represent. He served 8 honorable years in the Air Force, assigned to the Office of Special Investigations, and stationed at the Ellsworth Air Force Base in South Da-kota. At just 30 years old, Peter was a de-vout father, husband, and son, an ex-emplary soldier and public servant, an American hero. I offer my sincere condolences to the family and friends Peter left behind and my greatest thanks for his service to our Nation. He gave us all the ulti-mate sacrifice. My heart especially goes out to Peter’s family: his 3-year-old daughter, Penelope; his wife, Christina, expecting another child; his mother, Arlene; his father, Joel; and his brother, Jonathan. No parent should be predeceased by a child, and no child should have to grow up without a parent. These tragic losses are a reminder of the gravity of our foreign policy deci-sions and military engagement over-seas. We must never take these respon-sibilities lightly. We must never forget the sacrifice that Staff Sergeant Peter Taub and his family have made to pro-tect our freedoms. May God bless Peter’s family. f 
THE HAMMOND SENTENCE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week a father and son reported to serve again an additional up to 4 years in Federal prison. Their crime? Setting preventative fires on their own prop-erty that accidentally spread to Fed-eral lands. The Hammonds, family farmers from Oregon, had already served time in Federal prison: Dwight 3 months, Ste-ven a year. However, that wasn’t good enough for U.S. Attorney Billy Wil-liams, who used taxpayer dollars to ap-peal the Hammonds’ original sentence and urged the Ninth Circuit to impose harsher penalties, over the judge’s ob-jection, who had recommended in his vision much less harsh penalties for the crime in question. Mr. Speaker, the question isn’t whether or not the Hammonds started these fires. They admit they did. The question is whether the U.S. attorney and his administration are prosecuting real criminals or pursuing a political agenda. Mr. Speaker, when a 74-year- old man and a 45-year-old father of three are forced to return to prison when they have already served time and paid hundreds of thousands of dol-lars in fines for a nonviolent, uninten-tional crime, the answer couldn’t be more clear whether this is political or not. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CLIFF KOROLL (Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.009 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6 January 5, 2016 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Cliff Koroll, a Chicago Blackhawks legend. After signing with the Blackhawks in 1969, Cliff enjoyed 11 seasons as their right winger, where he reached the 50- point mark during four different sea-sons. He also helped lead the Blackhawks to the Stanley Cup finals twice and later served six seasons as their assistant coach. His talent led him to be inducted into multiple sports halls of fame, but his greatest accomplishment is leading the Chicago Blackhawks Alumni Associa-tion. This group of retired players con-tinually gives back to the Chicago community and has given over $1 mil-lion in scholarships to the most deserv-ing high school players in Illinois. Cliff is also a supporter of the Chi-cago Legal Clinic, which provides legal services for immigrants, the disabled, victims of domestic violence, con-sumers with serious debt issues, and more. Today I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring and celebrating Cliff’s work and accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING KEVIN KLINE AND THE SNOWDROP FOUNDATION (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, in the movie ‘‘Forrest Gump,’’ Tom Hanks runs for over 3 years. A good friend of mine is like Forrest Gump. His name is Kevin Kline. He is a DJ on the 93Q morning radio show. His partners, Erica Rico and Tim Tuttle, call him Kevin Gump or Forrest Kline. Why? Because for 55 hours over New Year’s, Kevin and others ran, walked, or crawled to save kids with cancer. With his wife, Trish, Kevin started the Snowdrop Foundation because can-cer touched a 16-year-old, who lost her life, named Chelsey Campbell. Snowdrop has raised over $1 million in just 9 short years. They did this to en-sure no child or parent hears those three awful words, ‘‘You have cancer.’’ All Texans are proud of Kevin and Trish and Snowdrop. To quote Kevin’s idol: ‘‘That’s all I have to say about that.’’ 
f 
A CRITICAL STEP FORWARD (Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, for too long, calls for Congress to pass com-monsense gun control measures— heartfelt appeals from concerned Americans of all ages and ideologies, including gun owners—have fallen on deaf ears. Despite the mounting death toll, the Republican leadership has refused to consider any new measures to address the devastating impact of gun violence in America. We cannot continue to wait for Re-publicans to come to their senses. The price of delay for our children, for our families, and for our communities is simply too steep. That is why I applaud President Obama for putting American lives above partisan politics. The President’s executive actions will require more gun sellers to be li-censed and to conduct background checks, narrowing the dangerous loop-holes that allow guns to fall into the hands of criminals or the mentally ill. The new rules will also make it easi-er for us to hold irresponsible dealers accountable and to track guns that are lost or stolen. This is a critical step forward, but it is not enough. I call on my colleagues to join the President in taking real action to pre-vent gun tragedies and keep the Amer-ican people safe. f 
b1915 PRESIDENT OBAMA’S EXECUTIVE OVERREACH ON GUNS (Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, President Obama is up to it again with his pen and phone. This time he is under-mining the Second Amendment rights of American citizens through executive order. President Obama’s disdain for gun owners has been clear from the begin-ning. This is another sad chapter in his Presidency. It is a shame the President would exploit the latest act of ter-rorism in this manner. The murders of Americans in San Bernardino were due to a radical Is-lamic ideology, an ideology that this President will not even acknowledge, though these people have declared war upon us, and nothing this President is doing through his unilateral action will address that. It will only serve to hurt law-abiding American citizens. President Obama is shooting at the wrong target. We are a constitutional republic. The President cannot simply bypass Con-gress when his ill-advised initiatives are rejected. The President should join Congress in focusing on the growing threat of terrorism rather than making it easier to disarm law-abiding Amer-ican citizens. We should do all in our power to stop this unconstitutional ex-ecutive action and overreach. 
f 
MAKING AMERICA SAFER (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege to be a Mem-ber of this House and to be elected in a wonderful, beautiful economy in the greatest Nation on the Earth. The year 2015 has expired. We have just begun this session in 2016. But the question, ladies and gentlemen, is: What are we going to do to serve the public? What are the things that we are going to focus on to make sure that our constituents are safer so that we continue to provide a democracy that is an example for other countries? We have heard just in the first few minutes of these speeches about how we need to make America safer. Well, one way that we can do that is to do our job so that the executive of our country doesn’t have to try to do what-ever he can to extend his responsibil-ities because we are not doing enough. There are too many moments of si-lence, ladies and gentlemen, where 9, 10, 20, 30, 40, or 50 Americans are killed through senseless violence, and we have done almost nothing about it as a Congress. f 
REVOKE PASSPORTS OF MEMBERS OF FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGA-NIZATIONS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ISIS fighters hail from nations all over the world, including the United States. Americans who go to fight the jihadists overseas are able to freely travel back to the United States with their U.S. passports. These homegrown jihadists are not coming back home to open up coffee shops. They are coming home to harm Americans. We have to stop them by keeping them from coming back at all. That is why the United States House passed the Foreign Terrorist Organiza-tion Passport Revocation Act, which I introduced. The legislation is simple: revoke or deny passports of Benedict Arnold Americans who have assisted des-ignated foreign terrorist organizations. Not only will the bill help law enforce-ment locate these individuals, it will prevent them from entering the United States at all. While my bill languishes down the hall in the Senate, Congress did pass a law allowing for the revocation of pass-ports for Americans who are delinquent on their taxes. Mr. Speaker, what is a bigger threat to America and our na-tional security? Tax offenders or ter-rorists? Congress must get its priorities straight. It is time for the Senate to pass the House bill and revoke pass-ports of members of foreign terrorist organizations who may or may not be tax cheats. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
IRAQI JEWISH ARCHIVES (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.010 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7 January 5, 2016 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this morning I toured an exhibit at Florida International University’s Jew-ish Museum of Florida, located in Miami Beach, which details the dis-covery and recovery of artifacts depict-ing Jewish life in Iraq over the cen-turies. I was privileged to be joined by mem-bers of the Iraqi Jewish community, in-cluding Hillel Shohet and his brother, Maurice Shohet, who played key roles in ensuring that these artifacts remain with the Jewish community. I was also proud to lead the effort here in Congress to keep the artifacts in the U.S. I led that effort along with my colleague, the gentleman from New York, S
TEVE ISRAEL , and other con-gressional colleagues. These treasures, Mr. Speaker, were confiscated from the Jewish commu-nity by Saddam Hussein’s intelligence service and were discarded until they were discovered in a flooded basement by our American servicemembers in the year 2003. They were then brought back to our National Archives where they were painstakingly recovered and preserved. Mr. Speaker, this exhibit is an impor-tant piece of the Jewish community’s collective memory and must continue to be preserved and shared for genera-tions to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WALNUT HILLS HIGH SCHOOL MARCHING BAND (Mr. CHABOT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, this evening I rise to recognize the Walnut Hills High School Marching Band. They traveled to Paris last week to partici-pate in La Grande Parade, which runs along the Champs-Elysees. La Grande Parade is the showcase event in Paris on New Year’s Day and attracts hundreds of thousands of spec-tators from all over the world. So it was a great opportunity to show the world just how talented our students in Cincinnati are. Only four bands from the United States—two high schools and two colleges—were selected to par-ticipate in this prestigious event. It is fitting that Walnut Hills was one of those four bands, as the March-ing Blue and Gold have been rated su-perior for 13 straight years by the Ohio Music Education Association. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the students, parents, teachers, and supporters of Walnut Hills High School, one of the best high schools in Cincinnati, on this well-deserved honor. I know the students in the band put in a lot of hard work for this once- in-a lifetime opportunity. They have truly made our community proud. Go Eagles. 
f 
E-FREE ACT (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to tell the story of Aman-da Dykeman of Illinois, one of the tens of thousands of women permanently harmed by the sterilization device known as Essure. After Amanda had the device im-planted in 2010 at the age of 28, her hair began to fall out, she felt great fatigue, continuously fought urinary tract and kidney infections, and would suffer from severe abdominal and joint pain. She suffered with so much pain that she would contemplate suicide. Her symptoms subsided after a total hysterectomy in 2013, but, physically, she knows that the device left her per-manently damaged. I rise as a voice for the Essure Sis-ters, who number in the thousands, to tell this Chamber that their stories are real, their pain is real, and their fight is real. Mr. Speaker, my bill, the E-Free Act, can halt this tragedy by removing this dangerous device from the market. I urge my colleagues to join in this fight because stories like Amanda’s are too important to ignore. f 
HARNEY COUNTY, OREGON The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I am sure my colleagues are aware of the situation in Harney County, Oregon, where a group of armed protesters have overtaken a Federal facility in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. This group is led largely by people who are not necessarily from Oregon, although they obviously have sup-porters from Oregon. They were origi-nally there to protest the sentencing of Dwight and Steve Hammond. I know the Hammonds. I have known them for probably close to 20 years. They are longtime, responsible ranch-ers in Harney County. They have been sentenced to prison not once, but now twice. I will get into that in a moment. The point I want to make at the out-set is for people in this Chamber to un-derstand what drives people to do what is happening tonight in Harney Coun-ty. I have had the great honor and privi-lege to represent Harney County for a number of years. I have seen the im-pact of Federal policies from the Clin-ton administration to the Obama ad-ministration. I have seen what happens when overzealous bureaucrats and agencies go beyond the law and clamp down on people. I have seen what courts have done. I have seen the time for Congress to act and then it has not. I want to put this area in perspective because I think it is really important to understand how big this region is. By size, my congressional district in Oregon is something like the seventh or eighth biggest in the Congress. If you overlaid it over the east coast, it would start in the Atlantic and end in Ohio. The county where this occupation is taking place—Harney County—is over 10,000 square miles. There are 7,000 souls inhabiting it. If my math is right, that is one person for every 1.4 miles. One person for every 1.4 miles. Just this one county is 10 times the size of Rhode Island. It is larger than the State of Maryland. And 72 percent of it is under the command and control of the Federal Government. It is the public’s land. That is true. But what people don’t understand is the culture, the lifestyle, of the great American West and how much these ranchers care about the environment, about the future, about their children, about America, and how much they be-lieve in the Constitution. Now we see the extent they will go to in order to defend what they view as their con-stitutional rights. Now, I am not defending armed take-overs. I do not think that is appro-priate. I think the time has come for those to consider that they have made their case in the public about what is happening in the West, and perhaps it is time for them to realize they have made their case and to go home. But I want to talk about what hap-pened with the Hammonds. I want to put in perspective what happens almost every year in my district. That is these enormous wildfires. b1930 The Miller Homestead Wildfire in 2012 burned 160,000 acres, mostly in this county, if not all; 250 square miles, a quarter of the size of the State of Rhode Island. That was just in 2012. The Barry Point Fire that year, in Lake County, next door, burned 93,000 acres. Last summer alone, we burned 799,974 acres across Oregon; that is both forest and high desert. In 2012, 3.4 mil-lion acres burned in Oregon. There was another fire in Malheur County. The Long Draw Fire, in 2012, burned 557,000 acres, five times the size of Rhode Island. So 93,000 acres, 557,000 acres, 160,000 acres, all burning. The Hammonds are in prison tonight for setting a backfire that they admit to, that burned 139 acres, and they will sit in prison, time served and time going forward, 5 years, under a law that I would argue was never intended to mete out that kind of punishment, and I will get to that in a moment. I have told you I worked with the Hammonds and many ranchers in Har-ney County. In the last years of the Clinton administration, despite their own agency’s reviews and analysis, Bill Clinton threatened to create a giant monument on Steens Mountain. When Secretary Babbitt, the Interior Secretary at the time, came before the House Resources Committee, of which I was a member, I said: Mr. Secretary, your own resource advisory commit-tees in the area just reported that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.012 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8 January 5, 2016 
there was no need for additional pro-tection on Steens Mountain, and yet, you and the President are threatening to create this national monument. Why do you waste the time of the citizens to go through a process to determine if additional protections are needed and then ignore what they came up with? To Bruce Babbitt’s credit, he agreed when I told him: I think you would be surprised about what the local ranch-ers and citizens of Harney County would be willing to do if you give them a chance. To his credit, he said: All right, I will give them that chance. And he did. We went to work on legislation. It took a full year. I worked with the Hammonds. I worked with Stacy Da-vies, I worked with all kinds of folks, put a staffer on it full-time, multiple staffs, and we worked with the environ-mental community and others. And we created the Steens Mountain Coopera-tive Management and Protection Act, model legislation, never been done be-fore, because I said: We don’t have to live by past laws, we write laws. So we wrote a new law to create a co-operative spirit of management in Har-ney County. The Hammonds were part of that discussion. We saved a running camp, Harlan Priority Runs. We pro-tected inholder. We tried to do all the right things and create the kind of partnership and cooperation that the Federal Government and the citizens should have. Fast forward on that particular law. Not long after that became law, and it was heralded as this monumental law of great significance and new era in co-operation and spirit of cooperation, some of those involved on the other side and some of the agencies decided to reinterpret it. The first thing they tried to do is shut down this kids’ run-ning camp because they said: Well, too many, maybe more than 20, run down this canyon and back up, as they had for many, many years. They wanted to shut it down. So we had to fight them back and said: No, the law says histor-ical standards. Then the bureaucrats, because we said: You should have your historical access to your private property, if you are up on Steens Mountain, you should maintain that access like you have al-ways had it. Do you know what the bu-reaucrats said? They began to solicit from the inholders in this area: How many times did you go up there last year? You see, they wanted to put a noose around the neck of those who were inside. That was a total violation of what we intended, and we had to back them off. See, the bureaucracy wants to inter-pret the laws we write in ways they want, and in this case they were wrong, not once, but twice. Then, a couple of years ago, I learned that, despite the fact we created the first cow-free wilderness in the United States under this law, and said clearly in this law that it would be the respon-sibility of the government to put up fencing to keep the cows out, as part of the agreement, the Bureau of Land Management said: No, we are not going to follow that law. And they told the ranchers they had to build the fence. I networked with my Democrat col-league from Oregon, Mr. D
EFAZIO, who was part of writing this law. I said: Peter, you remember that, right? He said: Yeah, I didn’t like it, but that was the case. BLM still wouldn’t listen. So we continued to push it and they ar-gued back. Well, it turns out there had been a second rancher who brought this to my attention who they were telling had to do the same thing, build a fence, when the government was supposed to under the law I wrote. The arrogance of the agency was such that they said: We don’t agree with you. Now, there aren’t many times, Mr. Speaker, in this job when you can say I know what the intent of the law was, but in this case I could because I wrote the law, I knew the intent. Oh, that wasn’t good enough. No, no, no. No, no, no. The arrogance of these agency people was such that we had to go to the archives and drag out the boxes from 2000, 1999–2000, when we wrote this law, from the hearings that had all the records for the hearings and the floor discussions to talk about the intent. And our retired Member, George Miller, actually we used some of his information where he said the government would provide the fencing. They were still reluctant to follow it. So I put language in the appropriations bill that restated the Federal law. Do you understand how frustrated I am at this? Can you imagine how the people on the ground feel? Can you imagine? If you are not there, you can’t. If you are not there, you can’t. You ridicule them. The Portland Ore-gonian is running a thing, what do you send? Meals for militia. Let’s have fun with this. This is not a laughing matter from any consequence. Nobody is going to win out of this thing. This is a government that has gone too far for too long. Now, I am not condoning this takeover in any way. I want to make that clear. I don’t think it is appropriate. There is a right to protest. I think they have gone too far. But I understand and hear their anger. Right now, this administration, se-cretly, but not so much, is threatening, in the next county over, that looks a lot like this one, Malheur County, to force a monument of 2.5 million acres, we believe. I think this is outrageous. It flies in the face of the people and the way of life and the public access. There is a company, Keen Shoes, that already has a big marketing campaign. This is about selling shoes, for God’s sake. I call on the President, if he wants to help reduce the tension that is out there, to walk away from this. And if he doesn’t want to walk away and say, no, we are not going to do that, to help us bring down this level of frustration and anger, then at least be honest, or his Secretary of the Interior needs to be honest with us and tell us they are going to do it. Either they are or they aren’t. But all they are is being coy. That feeds into this. It feeds into the anger that I feel. It feeds into the anger out there. So the President should say: I am not going to do a national monument. I am not going to add more fuel on this fire in the West. We have fought other issues. More than half of my district is under Fed-eral management, or lack thereof. They have come out with these pro-posals to close roads into the forests. They have ignored public input. They often claim to have all these open meetings and listen to the public, and then, in the case of Wallowa-Whitman, the forest supervisor who was eventu-ally relieved because of this, I believe, completely ignored all the meetings, all the input, all the work of the coun-ties and the local people, and said: For-get it, I am going my own direction. There were 900 people that turned out at the National Guard Armory where they had a public hearing, standing room only and beyond, furious. You see, how do you have faith in a government that doesn’t ever listen to you? How do you have faith in a gov-ernment that, when elected Represent-atives write a law, those charged with the responsibility of implementing it choose to go the other direction and not do so? That is what is breaking faith between the American people and their government, and that is what has to change. The other thing that has to change, the law under which the Hammonds were sentenced. Now, they probably did some things that weren’t legal. I have given you the size of the acreages that burned naturally. I haven’t gotten into the discussion about how these fires are often fought and how the Federal Government frequently will go on pri-vate land and set a fire without permis-sion to backburn. That happens all the time. In fact, in the Barry Point Fire down in Lake County, they set fire on pri-vate timber land as a backburn while the owners of the property were put-ting out spot fires down in the canyon. I drove down there afterwards. They are darn lucky to have come out alive. There was nobody sentenced under the terrorism act there. Oh, heck no. It is the government. They weren’t sen-tenced. Nobody was charged. Oh, it just happened. Now, fires are tough to fight. I have great respect for firefighters. There are always two sides on how these fires get fought. But I can tell you, a few years back in Harney County, because I went and held a meeting out there right as the fire was being put out, that the fire crews came in, went on private ground, lit a backfire on private ground, behind a fence line, that then burned out the farmer’s fence, the rancher’s fence, and burned all the way over and down into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.013 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9 January 5, 2016 
a canyon where there was a wetland, which would have been the natural break to stop the fire from the other side. You see, they never needed to burn that land. These things happen in the course of fighting fire. It doesn’t mean they are right. But rare is it that somebody ends up 5 years in prison. Let me tell you what the senior judge said when he sentenced the Hammonds the first time, Judge Michael Hogan, senior Federal judge, highly respected in Oregon. He sentenced Dwight Ham-mond to 3 months and Steve to a year. There were different offenses here. He said: ‘‘I am not going to apply the mandatory minimum because, to me, to do so, under the Eighth Amendment, would result in a sentence which is grossly disproportionate to the sever-ity of the offenses here.’’ The Judge went on to say: ‘‘And with regard to the Antiterrorism and Effec-tive Death Penalty Act of 1996, this sort of conduct would not have been conduct intended under the statute. ‘‘When you ask, you know, what if you burn sagebrush in the suburbs of Los Angeles, and there are homes up the ravines, it might apply. Out in the wilderness here, I don’t think that is what the Congress intended. ‘‘In addition, it just would not meet any idea I have of justice proportion-ality. It would be a sentence which would shock the conscience, to me.’’ Senior Judge Mike Hogan, when he did the original sentencing. But, you see, under this 1996 law under which they were charged and convicted, it turns out he had no judi-cial leeway. He could not mete out a sentence that was proportionate to what the crime was. So yesterday, Dwight and Steve went to prison again. Dwight will be 73 when he gets out. Steve will be about 50. Meanwhile, in Harney County, on the ranch, Susie will continue to try and survive; 6,000-acre ranch, she needs grazing permits to make this happen. It would be a cruel and unjust act, by the way, if access to those grazing per-mits that allow that ranch to work were not extended. What possible good could come out of bankrupting a grand-mother that was trying to keep a ranch together, while the husband sits in prison, her son sits in prison? What possible good? They will serve their sentences. There is nothing, short of clemency that only the President can offer, that we can do. But we can change that law, and we should, so that nobody ever is locked in like that for a situation like this, where a senior judge, literally, on his final day on the bench, says this goes too far, it goes too far. They ap-pealed that, by the way, and lost. But I believe that the judge was right. We have to listen to the people. We have to understand why events like this are taking place in our commu-nities. They are taking place in cities. We have witnessed that, and we try and get our heads around it. There are more people from the cit-ies, so there are more Members from the cities. There aren’t many of us that represent these vast, wide-open, incred-ibly beautiful, harsh districts like the one I do. The people there love the land. It was the ranchers who came up with the concept of the cooperative manage-ment. It was the ranchers who loved Steens Mountain that know that for them to survive they have to take care of the range. b1945 They are good people. Their sons and daughters, by a higher proportion, fight in our wars and die, and I have been to their funerals. So to my friends across eastern Oregon, I will always fight for you. But we have to under-stand there is a time and a way. Hope-fully the country through this under-stands we have a real problem in Amer-ica: how we manage our lands and how we are losing them. It is not like we haven’t tried here, Mr. Speaker. Year after year we pass bipartisan legislation to provide more active management on our forests so we don’t lose them all to fire, and we are losing them all to fire. We are los-ing firefighters’ lives, homes, and wa-tersheds—great resources of the West. Teddy Roosevelt would role over in his grave. He created this wildlife refuge in 1908. There were some bad actors there in the 1980s, by the way. They were very aggressive running the refuge, basi-cally threatening eminent domain and other things that took ranches. It was bad. That lasted for at least a decade or more. It has gotten better though. It is not perfect. There is a much better relationship, and the refuge and the ranchers work closer together. In fact, during this fire in 2012, the refuge actu-ally opened itself up to the ranchers for hay and feed because theirs was burned out because of this big fire. So there was a better spirit there. But there are still these problems: the threat of waters of the U.S. shut-ting down stock ponds and irrigation canals and a way of life, the threat of fire every year that seems to not be battled right and just gets away, and no one is really held accountable; the continued restriction on the lives of the men and women who, for genera-tions, have worked hard in a tough en-vironment. It has just gone too far. It is hurtful. I hope people understand how serious this is felt and how heartfelt this is by those who pay their taxes and try and live by the law and do the right things and how oppressed they feel by the gov-ernment that they elect and the gov-ernment they certainly don’t elect, and how much they will always defend the flag and the country, and their sons and daughters would go to war, some will not come back—and they have not from this area. There is a better solution here. The President needs to back off on the monument. The BLM needs to make sure Susie Hammond isn’t pushed into bankruptcy and has her ranch taken by the government and added to those that have been. We need to be better at hearing people from all walks of life and all regions of our country and un-derstanding this anger that is out there and what we can do to bring about correct change and peaceful reso-lution. It is not too late. We can do this. It is a great country. We have the proc-esses to do it right. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CRIMINALIZATION BY REGULATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I do ap-preciate the words of my friend from Oregon. These are difficult times, and it is even more difficult when unfair-ness comes from the United States Government with all its power, with all its resources, when it begins to pick on American citizens, when it uses its re-sources to snoop on Americans, espe-cially when it uses resources to spy on Americans in order to help maintain power of the government over the peo-ple. One of the problems with ObamaCare is it provides every American’s medical records to the Federal Government—as if the Federal Government didn’t have enough personal information. The Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau is in the process of gathering people’s credit card and debit card information supposedly to protect individuals. What we have seen in our Judiciary Committee as we have had hearings on the abuses by Federal Government bu-reaucrats is there seems to be this de-sire among different agencies and de-partments: They have no business hav-ing a SWAT team, but they want one. They want military power to go out and take people down whenever they get ready. For many years, Congress has not done an appropriate job of keeping in check criminal laws. There are far too many criminal laws, the number of which we don’t know exactly, but which allow a violation of a regulation to be a crime, which allows the full power of the Federal Government to go after individuals. We heard the horror story about the fellow from the Northwest trying the create a better battery. He gets run off the road by three black Suburbans, hauled out of his little gas-efficient car, thrown down on his chest, boot in the back, handcuffs on, and no idea what he had done. He never even had a traffic ticket. It turns out that he hadn’t violated any law necessarily, but he had mailed a package to Alaska 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.014 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10 January 5, 2016 
that he knew needed to go by ground only, so he checked the box ‘‘ground only.’’ He didn’t know that he needed a lit-tle sticker with an airplane with a line through it. So he didn’t put that on. The result was he was run off the road, thrown to the ground, handcuffed, dragged to jail, then drug off because the Federal Government gets to pick their venue. And since they knew he didn’t really know people in Alaska, and that is where the package was going, they dragged him to Alaska to prosecute there. When he was finally acquitted— maybe it was jury nullification, they just thought it was too unfair—then the prosecutors, the power of the Fed-eral Government and the vindictive people that control things, decided they couldn’t let him get away with only having done months in jail; so, having ransacked his home under a search warrant because he didn’t put the little sticker on the package he mailed, they went back through all of the accounting of items found, the in-ventory, and found that there were some chemicals that are required not to be abandoned, and a regulation— again, a regulation some bureaucrats put in place, not Congress—that re-quired those substances were never to be left for more than 14 days. Since the prosecutors had had him dragged off to Alaska and put in jail up there, he was involuntarily forced to leave the sub-stances. They were properly stored, but they were successful in prosecuting him for abandoning the substances. Or the retired gentleman down in Houston who wasn’t able to testify be-fore our committee because he had had a stroke while he was incarcerated be-cause of the overaggressive prosecution by the Federal Government. He had a greenhouse and raised orchids. He sold to some local florists. He had gotten a package from South America. Appar-ently, it wasn’t properly packaged ac-cording to some bureaucrat’s regula-tions, and therefore he had his home raided and ransacked. His wife testified she called home and didn’t recognize the voice of the person answering. She asked who it was. He said: Well, who is this? She said: I called my home to talk to my husband, and I have a right to know who you are. Well, it was a Federal agent. He was handcuffed in his own kitchen because somebody sent him a package from South America that didn’t meet some cubicle jockey’s idea of what was prop-erly sending a package. During the year and a half he was imprisoned, he had a stroke and couldn’t commu-nicate. Or the poor guy that had lobster shipped to him. He was arrested, incar-cerated, and charged with violating not American law, but American law that says, if you violate a foreign law, then you can be arrested in America, and they alleged that he violated a Carib-bean island’s laws. That country’s at-torney general said: No, we don’t be-lieve he violated our laws. Nonetheless, he was incarcerated. The stories go on and on of abuse when a government becomes all power-ful the way this one has come close to being. When Congress doesn’t ade-quately rein it in, there doesn’t seem to be a lot of hope for Americans across the country to be able to stand in the face of such an overwhelming power as our Federal Government. So I appreciate my friend from Or-egon talking about the situation with the Bureau of Land Management, Fish and Wildlife Service. It seems that there are people within the Interior De-partment that have an insatiable appe-tite for acquiring more and more and more land, and more and more and more private property taken away from private individuals. It is getting out of control. If any landowner dares to say, ‘‘I want to keep my own private prop-erty,’’ then they can have a right to worry that the Federal Government will come after them, harass them, and make their lives miserable until they finally consent. It is why we should have removed the President’s ability to just name land as a national monu-ment, as President Clinton did, one of the world’s largest deposits of coal in Utah, just put it off limits by calling it a national monument. It was never in-tended for those purposes. That is why we should have ended—well, actually, it had ended the program that allowed billions of dollars to be accumulated and spent buying more and more land for the government to control. b2000 It is very difficult in my district. It is not like the Federal Government owns one big swath of land. It can sur-round private property and make the lives of private property owners miser-able, make it unbearable, being a hor-rible neighbor. Even if the Federal Government doesn’t own the private property, they can make usage of that property very unpleasant. Is it any wonder right now in Amer-ica that Donald Trump is leading in the Republican primary in so many of the polls? T
EDCRUZ is viewed as an outsider, though he is in the Senate, because he stood up against the estab-lishment, the status quo. Americans are tired of the Federal Government being unaccountable and becoming so big that it is out of control. Having prosecuted felony cases early in my career, having been a judge han-dling thousands of felony cases in Texas, I understand crime. I under-stand how it has to be stopped. But I also see when the Federal Government becomes a part of the problem instead of part of the solution. When we had this horrendous shoot-ing in San Bernardino, so many people killed at a Christmas party—or this ad-ministration preferred to call it a ‘‘hol-iday party’’—where Christians and Jews get singled out, of course this ad-ministration won’t prosecute a hate crime against a Christian or a Jew and then continue to warn us that they cer-tainly will protect against any hate crime against a Muslim. Nonetheless, we find out there was a straw buyer who broke the gun laws to buy a weap-on for the killers. We don’t need a new gun law. The man violated the gun laws. And then we found out that actu-ally this administration has been pros-ecuting fewer gun violations than the Bush administration, and in recent years continues to prosecute fewer and fewer and fewer gun violations. If one were cynical—especially in view of the Washington adage that no matter how cynical you get in this town, it is never enough to catch up— you might say: Wait a minute. This ad-ministration, for example, compared to the Bush administration—in ’04, the Bush administration prosecuted nearly 9,000 gun violation cases brought by the ATF. This administration, in 2013, prosecuted around 5,000, and it has prosecuted fewer each year since. It is almost as if—and I know there wouldn’t be an improper motive. The House rules tell us that. But it is al-most as if you had an administration that is not prosecuting gun violations so they can turn around and demand more laws restricting law-abiding gun rights because, if they really wanted to stop gun violence, they would be pros-ecuting more aggressively. When we think about the losses of lives, all the lives that could be saved if this administration would simply en-force the laws that exist, it is heart-breaking. You think about those fami-lies who lost a loved one because this administration didn’t prosecute the gun violations that could have stopped those losses of lives. It is tragic that this administration will continue to clamber for more laws when the solu-tion should lie first in enforcement of the laws we have before it clambers for more laws. There is an article published January 5, 2016, saying: ‘‘Obama Announces Gun Control Actions, Expands Background Checks’’ on FOX News. The article says: ‘‘The President, speaking at the White House, said background checks ‘make a difference’ and will be expanded so that they can cover purchases online, at gun shows and in other venues.’’ It quotes the President saying: ‘‘Any-body in the business of selling firearms must get a license and conduct back-ground checks or be subject to criminal prosecutions.’’ Mr. Speaker, we have got to get President Obama some good help. The people around him certainly would not be dishonest enough to misrepresent to the President what the law is, but somebody is misrepresenting to the President what is true and what isn’t because we know he would not be dis-honest. He would certainly not inten-tionally misrepresent to the public when he says that you can just go on-line and buy a gun without a back-ground check when that is not true. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.016 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H11 January 5, 2016 
If you are a criminal, I am sure it is true that that could be done. But for law-abiding individuals, the kind that don’t go out and commit crimes, they followed the law. The law requires for gun dealers, whether it is a transaction over the Internet or not, there has to be a background check. But somebody keeps feeding the President false information that he passes on to the United States citi-zenry. We have got to get the President some help so he can get the facts straight that he conveys to the Amer-ican public. I haven’t bought a gun online, but talking to people that have, if you go online to buy a gun, there is going to be a background check. You cannot just have the gun mailed to you. You have to go to a gun store. They don’t really appreciate having you buy a weapon online and then come to the store where they have brick and mor-tar invested in the local economy. They are the ones that have to make sure the law is complied with. But you can’t just go online and buy a gun un-less you are an outlaw already vio-lating the law, in which case more laws won’t make a difference. Only enforce-ment of existing laws would stop that kind of conduct. There is an article from Paul Bedard, January 5: ‘‘Obama’s New Gun Control Force 8X the Size of Pentagon’s ISIS Commando Team.’’ It points out: ‘‘Ac-cording to a White House fact sheet, the President plans to deploy 200 more Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives agents ‘to help enforce our gun laws.’ ‘‘He also plans to add at least 230 new FBI agents to pore over the back-grounds of gun buyers . . . In Iraq, by comparison, the White House is moving to install an estimated 50–200 Special Operations Forces to take down ISIS.’’ Here again, it is not enough to sim-ply add FBI or ATF agents when this administration refuses to prosecute gun violations, gun law violations, even as aggressively as the Bush ad-ministration did. Of course, this ad-ministration seems to think the Bush administration was too lax on gun pol-icy, but yet they won’t even prosecute but a fraction of the cases that the Bush administration did. It is also worth noting that, when this article compares to the actions in Iraq, having been to the command cen-ter there in northern Iraq myself, hav-ing talked to people on the ground there, having talked to people who have done surveys, done studies of what is going on there with ISIS, you find out this administration, yeah, they are sending planes up, but a ma-jority of the ordnances aren’t dropped. Apparently, according to one source, even though they see trucks carrying weapons to ISIS, they are not allowed to take the trucks out. If they see sup-plies going to ISIS, they are not al-lowed to stop them. They are not al-lowed to crater the road they are using. This administration has rules of engagement in place that don’t allow the United States to actually defend ourselves against ISIS. Is it any wonder that it was reported that the radical Islamist terrorists in the Middle East have no fear of this ad-ministration or of America because they see how ridiculous the restric-tions are that we put on ourselves, our fighting people? They fear, more, Israel because Israel will take legitimate ac-tions to win. b2015 There is an article from AWR Haw-kins, 5 January 2016, which reads, ‘‘A January 4 White House executive order fact sheet previews the executive gun controls Obama will announce Tues-day. ‘‘The five most offensive aspects of those controls: ‘‘One, the main policy would not have stopped any recent mass shoot-ings,’’ which would indicate—since that appears to be the fact, that noth-ing he has proposed would change the mass shootings—then, obviously, they are more concerned about either, A, putting on a show or, B, curtailing law- abiding citizens more than actually stopping the mass shootings. ‘‘Two, 225 years of precedent de-stroyed without any legislative due process.’’ Some say, ‘‘Yes. But we already have background checks. So the President is not changing that.’’ The law is very clear as to what a gun dealer is. He is somebody who is in the business of sell-ing guns. This administration is now saying, ‘‘Hey, if you sell one gun, that can mean being in the business,’’ and that has never been the law. This President is unilaterally attempting to change the law so that, if an uncle wants to sell to his nephew, then this President would try to be a wedge there. We are not going to prosecute nearly the gun violations like the Bush ad-ministration did, but, yes, we will come after that uncle and get between the uncle and the nephew. We are going to be as big an impediment to law-abid-ing citizens as possible in the way this administration is approaching this; whereas, we are turning a blind eye to so much of the criminal activity, which is the way it appears. This article from TheBlaze, ‘‘Obama’s Executive Action on Guns Changes Privacy Rules Between Doctor and Patient,’’ talks about how it will push doctors to report patients they believe may have a problem with the proper use of guns. It is putting a wedge between doctors and patients. Another article here is from Stephen Gutowski: ‘‘Obama Executive Order May Require Those Selling Even a Sin-gle Firearm to Become Licensed Deal-ers.’’ That is not the law. This Presi-dent is changing the law without there being the congressional passage of a law that he would sign. Another article is from John Lott, dated January 5. Dr. Lott knows the gun laws and knows the gun facts. This is from the National Review. Dr. Lott points out, if you really want to fix things, don’t charge gun buyers for the background checks. Fix the system so it stops falsely flagging the law-abid-ing people. This article also points out that 99 percent of the flags turn out to be improper flags. Three, stop using background checks as de facto registration, which appears to be what they are actually trying to do. The article from Kelly Riddell, dated July 23, 2014, points out ‘‘Obama’s Empty Tough Talk: Gun Prosecutions Plummet on His Watch,’’ with the numbers and figures to back that up. By failing to prosecute gun viola-tions while pressing for more gun laws, it makes one wonder if that is kind of akin to our servicemembers who are in harm’s way. For example, in Afghani-stan, in the 7
1⁄4years under Com-mander in Chief George W. Bush, I be-lieve the number of precious American military lives lost was just over 500. Under Commander in Chief Obama, I believe it is at least three times that many or more than that. What is different? The war is sup-posed to have basically gone away. We ended it, according to the President. Yet, under his command, people got killed in multiples when the war was supposedly over. Our military members tell me it is the rules of engagement. We can’t de-fend ourselves. We have a motorcyclist terrorist—a radical Jihadist—come blazing up toward a checkpoint, killing people. You realize, wow, we have a lieutenant that this administration, under Commander Obama, sent to Fort Leavenworth—to prison—for, appar-ently, giving the order to shoot an Af-ghan on a motorcycle because he was not slowing down as ordered, he was not yielding to the gunfire over his head. A good way to get Americans killed is to put them in prison if they try to defend themselves or those under their command. So it just leaves you with the ques-tion: Who is this administration really trying to protect? Are we trying to pro-tect our own military members who are in harm’s way? It doesn’t appear so. Not enforcing the laws against crimi-nals for their gun violations and, in-stead, demanding more and more con-trol over law-abiding citizens in their use of weapons. Mr. Speaker, I know a lot of seniors who may not be able to tell you how much money is in their bank accounts; so, they have someone helping them with their bank accounts. But they can sure tell you when somebody is break-ing into their homes and when they need a weapon. We were taught in my 4 years in the Army that a gun is a great equalizer. So if you are 85 years old and somebody is breaking into your home—someone who is strong and powerful and can break your body over his knee—a gun is a great equalizer. But under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.017 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH12 January 5, 2016 
President, if you are not managing your own account, look out. This ad-ministration is going to leave you un-protected against those intruders. It is time America started respond-ing, Mr. Speaker. It is time this year that Americans made clear that we want an administration in America that is more concerned about the law- abiding people than it is with taking away the rights of law-abiding Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 3762, RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. WOODALL (during the Special Order of Mr. G
OHMERT ) from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–387) on the resolution (H. Res. 579) providing for consideration of the Senate amend-ment to the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 712, SUNSHINE FOR REGU-LATORY DECREES AND SETTLE-MENTS ACT OF 2015, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1155, SEARCHING FOR AND CUTTING REGULATIONS THAT ARE UNNECESSARILY BURDEN-SOME ACT OF 2015 Mr. WOODALL (during the Special Order of Mr. G
OHMERT ) from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–388) on the resolution (H. Res. 580) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 712) to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1155) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. RUSH (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of attend-ing to family member’s medical proce-dure. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1893. An act to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and sub-stance use disorders; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 6, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first, second, and fourth quarters of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, EMILY MURRY, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 27 AND APR. 4, 2015* 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Emily Murry .............................................................. 3 /28 4 /4 Burma ...................................... ............. .................... 2,079.00 .................... 15,666.10 .................... .................... ............... ..... 17,745.10 ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ¥190.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,079.00 .................... 15,666.10 .................... .................... ...... .............. 17,555.10 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. * Amended. EMILY MURRY, Dec. 18, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO HONG KONG, TIBET AND BEJING, CHINA, EXPENDED BETWEEN NOV. 5 A ND NOV. 14, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ..................................... ....... .................... 757.42 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 757.42 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................
31553.74 .................... .................... .................... 2382.94 Hon. James McGovern ............................................. 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong .......................................... .. .................... 757.42 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 757.42 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................
31553.74 .................... .................... .................... 2382.94 Hon. Betty McCollum ............................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ........................................ .... .................... 714.84 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 714.84 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................
31553.74 .................... .................... .................... 2382.94 Hon. Tim Walz ......................................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong .................................... ........ .................... 757.42 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 757.42 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................31553.74 .................... .................... .................... 2382.94 Hon. Joyce Beatty .................................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ..................................... ....... .................... 757.42 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 757.42 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................31553.74 .................... .................... .................... 2382.94 Hon. Alan Lowenthal ............................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ........................................ .... .................... 757.42 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 757.42 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................3527.74 .................... .................... .................... 1356.94 Hon. Ted Lieu .......................................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ................................... ......... .................... 757.42 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 757.42 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................3527.74 .................... .................... .................... 1356.94 Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong .................................... ........ .................... 714.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 714.84 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................3527.74 .................... .................... .................... 1356.94 Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ......................................... ... .................... 714.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 714.84 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................3527.74 .................... .................... .................... 1356.94 Emily Berret ............................................................. 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ................................. ........... .................... 714.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 714.84 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................3527.74 .................... .................... .................... 1356.94 Reva Price ............................................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ................................. ........... .................... 714.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 714.84 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................3527.74 .................... .................... .................... 1356.94 Jorge Aguilar ............................................................ 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ................................. ........... .................... 714.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 714.84 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................3527.74 .................... .................... .................... 1356.94 Admiral Brian Monahan .......................................... 11 /7 11 /9 Hong Kong ........................................... . .................... 714.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 714.84 11 /9 11 /13 China .................................................... .................... 829.20 ....................3527.74 .................... .................... .................... 1356.94 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.018 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H13 January 5, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO HONG KONG, TIBET AND BEJING, CHINA, EXPENDED BETWEEN NOV. 5 A ND NOV. 14, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 20,328.00 .................... 11,990.62 .................... .................... ..... ............... 32,318.62 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. NANCY PELOSI, Dec. 7, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3841. A letter from the President of the United States, transmitting Designation of Funding as an Emergency Requirement, in accordance with language in Title IX of Divi-sion K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016 (H. Doc. No. 114—87); to the Com-mittee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed. 3842. A letter from the President of the United States, transmitting Designation of Funding for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism, in accord-ance with Sec. 6 of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act of 2016 (H. Doc. No. 114—88); to the Committee on Appropriations and or-dered to be printed. 3843. A letter from the Acting Associate Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Rates for Interstate Inmate Calling Services [WC Docket No.: 12-375] received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 3844. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting a notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to Lithuania, Trans-mittal No. 16-11, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(b)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(b) (as amended by Public Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 536); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3845. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting a notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Australia, Transmittal No. 16-10, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(b)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(b) (as amended by Public Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 536); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3846. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to terrorists who threat-en to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Executive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3847. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3848. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3849. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report to Congress for April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3850. A letter from the Vice President (Act-ing), Congressional and Public Affairs, Mil-lennium Challenge Corporation, transmit-ting the Corporation’s Agency Financial Re-port for FY 2015, including annual audited fi-nancial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3851. A letter from the President and CEO, National Safety Council, transmitting the Council’s Audit Report, pursuant to Aug. 13, 1953, ch. 429, Sec. 3; (67 Stat. 569); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 3852. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Vidalia, LA [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1389; Air-space Docket No.: 13-ASW-8] received Decem-ber 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3853. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, PHMSA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Hazardous Materials: Car-riage of Battery-Powered Electronic Smok-ing Devices in Passenger Baggage [Docket No.: PHMSA-2015-0165] (RIN: 2137-AF12) re-ceived December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3854. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Changes to Production Certificates and Approvals [Docket No.: FAA-2013-0933; Amdt. Nos.: 21-98, 45-29] (RIN: 2120-AK20) re-ceived December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3855. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-man, FMCSA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Electronic Logging Devices and Hours of Service Supporting Documents [Docket No.: FMCSA-2010-0167] (RIN: 2126- AB20) received December 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3856. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; the Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 4209; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-156-AD; Amendment 39-18302; AD 2015-21-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 28, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3857. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Technify Motors GmbH Reciprocating Engines [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1383; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-15-AD; Amendment 39-18293; AD 2015- 21-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3858. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Pratt & Whitney Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0869; Directorate Identifier 2015- NE-11-AD; Amendment 39-18296; AD 2015-21- 04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3859. A letter from the National Adjutant, Chief Executive Officer, Disabled American Veterans, transmitting the reports and pro-ceedings of the 2015 National Convention of the Disabled American Veterans, held in Denver, Colorado, August 8-11, 2015, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 50308; Public Law 105-225, Sec. 50308; (112 Stat. 1345) (H. Doc. No. 114—89); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and or-dered to be printed. 3860. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Prior Authorization Process for Certain Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics, and Supplies [CMS-6050-F] (RIN: 0938-AR85) received December 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2347. A bill to amend the Federal Advisory Committee Act to increase the transparency of Federal advi-sory committees, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–386, Pt. 1) Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 579. Resolution providing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.003 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH14 January 5, 2016 
for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. (Rept. 114–387). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 580. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 712) to impose certain limitations on consent de-crees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1155) to pro-vide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–388). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 2347 was referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. COOK (for himself, Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. T
IPTON ): H.R. 4313. A bill to establish a procedure for resolving claims to certain rights-of-way; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself, Mr. K
ATKO , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. H URDof Texas, and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 4314. A bill to require a plan to com-bat international travel by terrorists and foreign fighters, accelerate the transfer of certain border security systems to foreign partner governments, establish minimum international border security standards, au-thorize the suspension of foreign assistance to countries not making significant efforts to comply with such minimum standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Homeland Security, and the Judi-ciary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and Ms. B
ASS): H.R. 4315. A bill to authorize funding to in-crease access to mental health care treat-ment to reduce gun violence; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois): H.R. 4316. A bill to provide for the hiring of 200 additional Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives agents and inves-tigators to enforce gun laws; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HANNA (for himself and Mr. T
AKAI): H.R. 4317. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to establish a pilot program pro-viding past performance ratings for other small business subcontractors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4318. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to permit commercial filmmaking and photography on the United States Capitol grounds, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. PERRY (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. C OLE, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, and Mrs. L
OVE): H.R. 4319. A bill to eliminate the authority of the executive branch to further restrict the conduct of individuals in relation to fire-arms or ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 4320. A bill to provide for the report-ing to State and local law enforcement au-thorities of cases in which the national in-stant criminal background check system in-dicates that a firearm has been sought to be acquired by a prohibited person, so that au-thorities may pursue criminal charges under State law, and to ensure that the Depart-ment of Justice reports to Congress on charges brought and prosecutions secured against prohibited persons who attempt to acquire a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H. Res. 575. A resolution expressing dis-approval of the occupation of Malheur Na-tional Wildlife Refuge by a group of armed individuals; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Res. 576. A resolution providing for a committee to notify the President of the as-sembly of the House of Representatives; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Res. 577. A resolution to inform the Sen-ate that a quorum of the House has assem-bled; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Res. 578. A resolution providing for the hour of meeting of the House; considered and agreed to. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COOK: H.R. 4313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 4315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 4316. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. Mr. HANNA: H.R. 4317. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4318. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 4319. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 4320. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
[Submitted January 4, 2016] H.R. 775: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 1197: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1218: Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2849: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2911: Mr. A
LLEN and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3384: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 3539: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 3738: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 3846: Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. V
EASEY . [Submitted January 5, 2016] H.R. 27: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 131: Mr. W
ESTMORELAND . H.R. 244: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 271: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 546: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 815: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 836: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 842: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 973: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 997: Mr. B
RAT and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1002: Mr. D
OLD, Mr. H IMES, and Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1220: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 1258: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1283: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1336: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1401: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 1431: Mr. P
ITTS. H.R. 1432: Mr. P
ITTS. H.R. 1475: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. F
ATTAH , and Mr. R OHRABACHER . H.R. 1552: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 1559: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 1655: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 1671: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 1752: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1769: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Mr. R EED. H.R. 1781: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 1797: Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.009 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H15 January 5, 2016 
H.R. 1818: Mr. M ASSIE . H.R. 1854: Mr. C
ONYERS and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 1859: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2016: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2058: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2066: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 2142: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2156: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2170: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2287: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2296: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2302: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2328: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 2411: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2459: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 2521: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 2536: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2602: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 2648: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2660: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2850: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2858: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2880: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 3046: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3061: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3099: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3136: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 3152: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3222: Mr. G
OWDY and Mr. S MITH of Ne- braska. H.R. 3225: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3229: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 3235: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3250: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3326: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3339: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3351: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3381: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3406: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 3423: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3516: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 3551: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 3634: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 3687: Mr. R
IBBLE . H.R. 3694: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3720: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3722: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 3742: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 3765: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 3830: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3841: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3865: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3870: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 3917: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 3926: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3940: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3954: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3990: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 4017: Mr. H
ARRIS and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 4018: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4041: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 4062: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 4063: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 4073: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 4124: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4137: Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. B ROWN of Flor- ida, Mr. C
ARNEY , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4140: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 4153: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 4171: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 4185: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4199: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4238: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4247: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 4269: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.J. Res. 74: Mr. MILLER of Florida and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H. Res. 54: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Res. 207: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H. Res. 220: Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 221: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 230: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 289: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H. Res. 343: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. P
ALLONE , and Mr. D ENT. H. Res. 394: Mr. M
OULTON . H. Res. 440: Mr. B
RAT. H. Res. 569: Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H. Res. 571: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. L
ANCE , and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative Goodlatte, or a designee, to H.R. 712, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlement Act,’’ does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.012 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE3 January 5, 2016 
CONGRATULATING PEGGY SAMPSON 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Peggy Sampson on her retirement after 37 years of working for the House. She has dedicated her life to public service. She started her career as a Capitol police officer. Later, she became the Repub-lican supervisor of the House page program, a position she held for 25 years. In that time, she was beloved by the pages who worked for her. Today, there are hundreds of former pages all over the world who still keep in touch. I learned a lot from my mentors when I was starting out. I know the meaning they have in young people’s lives. For hundreds of young people, Peggy was that mentor. And for the dozens of people she worked with every day, she was a great friend. In 2011, she became a floor operations clerk and has been there ever since. Ask any of her col-leagues, and they will tell you she was com-pletely reliable. It did not matter if you were a high-ranking member of Congress or a fresh- faced intern, everyone could depend on her for everything you could think of: a piece of candy, band aids, Tylenol. And in a pinch, she could sew a mean button. In short, she was a delight to work with—very kind and generous. We will miss her dearly. And so, on behalf of the entire House, I want to thank Peggy Sampson for reminding us, through her work, of the joy of public service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEIN ERIKSEN 
HON. JASON CHAFFETZ 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an Olympic gold medalist, pioneering athlete and legendary skiing ambassador who had an immeasurable impact on the sport and on the State of Utah. Stein Eriksen passed away December 27 at the age of 88 following a long and storied career. For 35 years, Eriksen served as the Director of Skiing at Utah’s famed Deer Valley Resort, where the renowned Stein Eriksen Lodge was named in his honor. His ski career began in 1947 when the 19- year-old Norwegian athlete won the downhill and combination event at the Holmenkollen Kandahar event. At the 1952 Oslo Olympics in his hometown, Eriksen became the first skier from a non-Alpine country to win an Olympic gold medal in Alpine skiing. Most significantly, Eriksen was the first man to win three gold medals in a single world championship in 1954. Upon his retirement from competitive skiing in 1954, Eriksen continued to shape the sport as a ski instructor and promoter of a new style of skiing. His elegant technique and gymnastic movements were transformative for the skiing world, ushering in a new era of freestyle ski-ing. He was the first well-known skier to do a flip on skis and reportedly did a back flip every day until he reached his 80s. Eriksen was honored with a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Utah Sports Commission in April, where he was lauded as one of the most influential athletes and busi-nessmen in winter sports. Eriksen and his wife Francoise were the parents of 5 children. Today, I ask all Members of Congress to join me as we honor the life and legacy of ski-ing pioneer Stein Eriksen, whose indelible im-pact on winter sports will be felt by many gen-erations to come. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SALVATORE ‘‘SAM’’ TRAFICANTI 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Salvatore ‘‘Sam’’ Traficanti. Born on August 11th, 1928, in Marane, prov-ince de L’Aquila, Abruzzi, Italy, Sam was the son of Panfilo and Incornada (Centofanti) Traficanti. At the age of eight years old, Sam, along with his mother, took the journey from Italy and came to Ellis Island. Upon moving to America Sam and his family settled in Struth-ers and then later moved to Poland, Ohio. Sam attended Struthers High School and en-listed in the U.S. Navy on May 14, 1946, to serve and defend our country aboard Aircraft Carrier, USS Midway. He earned the rank of third class petty officer and during World War II was an interpreter for American forces in Naples, Italy. While aboard the USS Midway, Sam served as an electrician and was a Mo-tion Picture operator. Sam was awarded the World War II Victory Medal and the Good Conduct Medal for his service and then re-ceived an honorable discharge on March 24, 1948. After his discharge from the service, Sam was employed at Youngstown Cartridge. He then owned and operated two city service gas stations in the Struthers area, along with founding one of the largest trucking compa-nies within the industry, which was Traficanti Trucking for many years. As always, with his entrepreneurial spirit, Sam looked to continue to grow and became co-owner and partner of B & T Express Inc. which operates in over 48 states. Sam leaves behind his wife of over 52 years, the former Barbara Ann Jenness, whom he married on May 29, 1963; a son, Commis-sioner Anthony T. Traficanti; and a daughter, Jacqueline Ann Traficanti, both of Poland. Be-sides his parents, Sam was preceded in death by a brother, Tony Traficanti; and his uncles, Atillio (Joann), Serfino and Lorenzo Centofanti. Sam lived the American Dream in every way imaginable. His entrepreneurial spirit and dedication to service not only strengthened Northeast Ohio, but the entire country. Sam will be missed, but I, along with the rest of our community, remain thankful for his many con-tributions. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND DEDI-CATED SERVICE OF WILLIAM EARL ‘‘GATOR’’ FARRINGTON 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is with profound sadness that I rise today to rec-ognize the life and service of my friend, North-west Florida’s beloved William Earl ‘‘Gator’’ Farrington. Throughout his long and distin-guished life, Gator was a devoted family man, a patriotic veteran, committed community lead-er, successful small businessman, and a true friend. The entire Northwest Florida commu-nity mourns the passing of a truly remarkable man. Earl Farrington was born on Tuesday, April 5th, 1927. He and his twin sister, Earline, were the youngest of three children born to James and Laura Farrington. During his form-ative years, Earl was spotted at the tender age of thirteen dragging from a lake a five-foot alligator he had shot. He was dubbed ‘‘Gator’’ on the spot and being somewhat of a come-dian ‘‘Gator’’ has worn his nickname with great joviality, good cheer, and eternal optimism. Gator graduated from Milton High School in 1944 and served in World War II and the Ko-rean War in the U.S. Navy. After 30 years he retired from civil service at NAS Pensacola in 1984. He was one of the founding members of Grace Bible Church of Milton and served on the board of directors of Gospel Projects, Inc. Gator is preceded in death by his wife of 52 years, Voncille (Hobbs) Farrington; his two sis-ters, Louise McLellan and Earline Tompkins; and his parents, James Farrington and Laura (Broxson) Farrington. Gator loved serving his community with his family through his restaurant, Gator’s Seafood in Milton, Florida, which he opened in 1975, with Voncille. The rustic building known as Gator’s was constructed from juniper logs felled by Gator and his then 75-year-old father off their land, floated by the two across the lake, and cut into lumber by a small sawmill. Gator’s quickly became popular for its fresh seafood, family friendly environment, and im-peccable service. The restaurant has become world famous for its fresh and perfectly pre-pared fried mullet, which many in Northwest Florida consider a delicacy. The summer months attracted large crowds to the res-taurant on Friday and Saturday nights, not only for the fried mullet and catfish, crab claws, cheese grits, cole slaw and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.001 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE4 January 5, 2016 
hushpuppies, but for the special brand of humor and entertainment Gator brought to each and every family that walked through the door. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am proud to recognize the life and legacy of William Earl ‘‘Gator’’ Farrington. My wife Vicki and I extend our deepest prayers and condolences to his daughter, Lisa Jeffers; his son, William E. ‘‘Bill’’ Farrington, II; his four grandchildren, Jeffrey Bennett, Brandon Ben-nett, Zachary Farrington, and Abigail Farrington; two great-grandchildren, Allie Jae Bennett and Troy Bennett; and the entire Farrington family. 
f 
COMMENDING THE UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON COUGARS VICTORY IN THE 2015 CHICK-FIL-A PEACH BOWL 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise with great pride to commend the University of Houston’s Cougars momentous 38–24 victory over the Florida State Seminoles in the 2015 Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl on December 31, 2015 at the GeorgiaDome in Atlanta, Georgia. The Cougars were coached by Tom Her-man and led by star quarterback, Greg Ward Jr., who dazzled a national television audience by running for two touchdowns and throwing for another touchdown. Greg Ward Jr. also made history by becom-ing the first player in UH history to run and throw for 1,000 yards in a season. Florida State trailed 21–3 at halftime, tried to rally with two fourth-quarter touchdowns but it was not enough to overcome the mighty Cougars defense, which held the Seminoles’ star running back, Dalvin Cook, to just 33 yards and forced 5 turnovers. The 38 points scored by the Cougar offense was the most points allowed this season by the mighty Seminole defense. Mr. Speaker, the impressive victory in the Chick-fil-A Bowl is a wonderful capstone to a season for the ages and establishes the Uni-versity of Houston as one of the Nation’s great athletic and academic institutions. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $18,922,179,009,420.89. We’ve added $8,295,301,960,507.81 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. NATIONAL COORDINATION OFFICE FOR SPACE-BASED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING CELE-BRATES 10 YEARS OF SERVICE HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the National Coordination Office for Space-Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing which recently celebrated its 10 year anniversary in November 2015. The National Coordination Office, also known as the NCO, was established by a presidential directive under President George W. Bush. That directive provided guidance to government agencies on the management of the Global Positioning System (GPS) and other space-based Positioning, Navigation and Timing (PNT) systems. It also established the National Executive Committee (EXCOM) for Space-Based PNT, which is chaired jointly by the Deputy Secretaries of Defense and Trans-portation and includes their equivalents from the Departments of State, the Interior, Agri-culture, Commerce, and Homeland Security, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration. The NCO is a cadre of senior advisors from the EXCOM member agencies and has be-come a linchpin for national GPS policy infor-mation. Earlier this year I worked with the NCO at a Space Power Caucus event on GPS. As chairman of the caucus, I presided over this event and was impressed by the educational information on how GPS works, how it affects our daily lives and critical infra-structure, and ongoing government efforts to maintain GPS as the ‘‘gold standard’’ for PNT around the world. The transparent operations of the NCO keep track of these vital efforts and inform the EXCOM agencies, Congress, and the public on Space-based PNT. The NCO facilitates the implementation of EXCOM tasks and disseminates information about U.S. space-based PNT programs and policy through the official government GPS website at www.gps.gov. The Department of Commerce and its Office of Space Commerce have hosted the NCO since 2005. This longstanding relationship was recently codified in law through the U.S. Com-mercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act, signed November 25, 2015. In ten years, the NCO evolved from an idea into an essential organization with significant impact within the space-based PNT commu-nity. NCO efforts ensure the EXCOM is an ef-fective body for assisting national leaders in implementing national Space-based PNT pol-icy. In closing Mr. Speaker, I would like to ac-knowledge this organization on this milestone, and congratulate them on ten years of hard work and wish them continued success in the future. 
f 
HONORING MARY C. BLASI 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mary C. Blasi, who is being honored by the Wynmoor Democratic Club for her serv-ice to the community of Coconut Creek. Ms. Blasi has worked for the city of Coconut Creek for twenty years, becoming its first female City Manager in 2013. Ms. Blasi is a graduate of Notre Dame Uni-versity, and has a distinguished record of out-standing service to her community. After start-ing as the city of Coconut Creek’s Director of Finance and Administrative Services in 1996, she served as Assistant City Manager in 2002 and became Deputy City Manager in 2008. The Coconut Creek City Commission unani-mously elected Ms. Blasi as City Manager in 2013. Since then, she has been responsible for the city’s 110 million dollar budget, its 370 full time employees, and its continued day to day operations. Throughout her career in public service, Mary C. Blasi has shown herself to be an out-standing leader in her community. I am pleased to join the Wynmoor Democratic Club in honoring Ms. Blasi for her ongoing commit-ment to excellence and distinguished service to our community. f 
IN MEMORY OF MARILYN COY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on Christmas Day, South Carolina lost one of its most dynamic citizens with the death of Marilyn Coy. Marilyn was symbolic of a polit-ical revolution of people moving as transplants from the Midwest and Northeast to the South, developing a two party system with Repub-licans growing from nonexistence to achieving a super-majority. The following tribute was published in The State newspaper of Colum-bia on December 27, 2015: 
Marilyn Sue Coy, wife of Calvin Coy, left this earth for Heaven while at home on Fri-day, December 25, 2015, on the day we cele-brate our Lord’s birthday, Christmas. She was 83. Viewing and family visitation will be on Tuesday, December 29, 2015, from 6 to 8 pm at Caughman-Harman Funeral Home— Chapin Chapel, 123 Columbia Ave, Chapin, SC 29036. Services will be held on Wednesday, December 30, 2015, at 11 am at Chapin United Methodist Church, 415 Lexington Ave, Chapin, SC 29036. Interment to follow at Fort Jackson National Cemetery, 4170 Percival Rd, Columbia, SC 29229. Born in Lake Cicott, Indiana, on May 11, 1932, to the late Horace and Suzie Julian, Marilyn Coy was preceded by her son Mark, her sister Norma Franzen, and her grandson Gabriel Coy. After 62 years of marriage, Marilyn leaves behind her husband Cal Coy, her daughter Laura Pike of Montauroux, France, and her son Bruce and wife Pamela Coy of Summerville, SC. She also leaves be-hind five grandchildren Jamie Pike, Alexia Pike and Caroline Pike of France, and Julian Coy and Carra and her husband Jesse Beam of South Carolina, and one great grandson, ‘‘baby Jack,’’ son of Alexia Pike and Fabien Scrivo of France. Marilyn was an active member of every community where she lived. Her outspoken personality and drive has had a positive im-pact on every life she touched from imme-diate family, to friends, organizations and even the state of South Carolina which she loved so dearly. Marilyn and her husband Cal moved to Irmo, South Carolina in 1969 and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA8.003 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE5 January 5, 2016 
then to the Chapin community, living on Lake Murray since 1972. Long after moving to South Carolina, Marilyn learned that she was a direct descendant of the St. Julian’s— French Huguenot settlers who came to the coast of South Carolina in the 1690’s, first cousins to the Ravenels. A branch of the St. Julian family moved to Indiana, and dropped the prefix ‘‘St.’’ from which Marilyn is di-rectly descendant, her maiden name being ‘‘Julian.’’ Although this fact was learned by Marilyn late in her life, it validated her im-mense love and connection to the state of South Carolina. Among the many organizations that she freely gave her time and passions to, the fol-lowing were some of her most cherished ac-tivities, in no particular chronology or pref-erence. Marilyn absolutely loved being a Do-cent at the South Carolina Governor’s man-sion. She began doing this during the admin-istration of the late Governor Carroll and Iris Campbell and continued this activity under many governors of both parties. Al-though inactive for several years, Marilyn remained on the Docent rolls until her pass-ing. Marilyn was a member of Clemson Uni-versity Extension’s Town & Country Home-makers. She was a member and former presi-dent of the Evergreen Garden Club. She was a life member of the Eastern Star of Ohio, and a very proud member of the Daughters of the American Revolution. To say Marilyn was an avid reader is an understatement, de-vouring and collecting books of all sorts. She feasted on knowledge, always fresh with the news and sharp on history. From her early South Carolina years as a member of the Dutch Fork Republican Women’s Club, many in the community knew Marilyn as a staunch political operative, with a passion and drive that helped many candidates reach their elected goals. As a testimony to this passion, Marilyn was a founding member of the Joe Wilson for State Senate Committee and a delegate to the State Republican con-vention for nearly 20 years. Marilyn and her sharp wit thoroughly en-joyed an active social life as a member of the Chapin Hat Ladies, and as a charter member of the Carolinian Society where she cher-ished attending the annual ball. As a found-ing organizational member of the Chapin Community Theatre group, Marilyn also en-joyed nurturing and sharing her artistic tal-ents with her paintings and by helping orga-nize the Chapin Arts & Crafts Club. She loved to cook and to entertain, serving as host to many parties and events, including having her Bridge club at her home on many occasions. Whether for fun, or as a political forum for the candidates that she supported, Marilyn helped organize the first Chapin Labor Day Festival and Parade. Her family believes both reasons to be true. Marilyn was a member of the American Legion Auxiliary at Chapin Post 193, and she loved being a member of the Chapin United Methodist Church and was so thankful for all the min-isterial support the Church had extended during her lengthy illness. Marilyn loved and supported her husband, family and friends fiercely and selflessly, as an encouraging force behind others, never taking the spotlight for herself. Her compas-sion for others and charitable sacrifices will never be forgotten, and her faith in Jesus Christ places her in the Glory of Heaven with those that went before her, and with those who will follow. For all of those who knew Marilyn, the birthday party for our Lord Jesus in Heaven must have been a little livelier with Marilyn arriving on the day that we celebrate His birth, Christmas. A gift for Heaven for eternity, and a remem-brance of the gift that she was to all of us who knew her here on this earth. In lieu of flowers, the family requests for donations to made in her honor to the Chapin United Methodist Church building fund, or the American Legion post 193 build-ing fund, or the charity of their choice. f 
MOURNING THE LOSS AND HON-ORING THE UNFORGETTABLE LIFE OF NATALIE COLE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with a deep sadness and a heavy heart that I rise today to pay tribute to Natalie Cole, a woman who touched the hearts of millions of Ameri-cans. Natalie Cole passed away, December 31, 2015 in Los Angeles, California; she was only 65 years old. Natalie Cole’s musical career began in 1975 when her debut album, Inseparable, was re-leased and she became an instant star in the music industry. With hit songs such as ‘‘This Will Be (An Everlasting Love),’’ Natalie Cole exploded onto the music scene, earning the young starlet her first two Grammy Awards—for best new artist and best female R&B performance. In 1976 not long after Inseparable was re-leased Cole married producer Marvin Yancy, with whom she welcomed her son Robert Adam Yancy into the world. Natalie Cole’s career began to climb to new heights throughout the 1970’s, releasing four gold and two platinum records. In 1979, Natalie Cole was honored on the Hollywood walk of fame, with a star of her very own. Although this strong woman struggled with her own personal demons, she was able to face and overcome them and in the mid- 1980’s was back on top of the musical charts with the megahit, ‘‘Pink Cadillac.’’ In 1991, Natalie Cole released her career- defining Unforgettable . . . with Love, which paid tribute to her beloved father, the leg-endary and inimitable Nat King Cole. Unforgettable sold more than 7 million cop-ies and garnered several honors, including the coveted Grammy for Album of the Year. Natalie Cole continued to release many other popular albums, including Snowfall on the Sahara and The Magic of Christmas, an album of holiday standards recorded with the London Symphony Orchestra. Mr. Speaker, truer words were never spo-ken than when Natalie Cole’s family said that ‘‘Natalie fought a fierce, courageous battle, dying how she lived . . . with dignity, strength and honor.’’ Natalie Cole leaves behind a legacy as one of the most celebrated recording artists in his-tory. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of Natalie Cole who will for-ever remain Unforgettable in the hearts of her legions of fans around the world. 
f 
HONORING LORI FLORES 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Dr. Lori Flores, a native of the Rio Grande Valley and a leading researcher in the fields of Latino and labor history. Lori attended Yale University, and she was the first woman in her family to earn a college degree. At Yale, she realized her passion to study Mexican American history, ultimately leading her to earn a PhD from Stanford Uni-versity. Lori’s dissertation explored the political development of Mexican Americans and immi-grants in California’s Salinas Valley during the mid–1900s. Her research on the Latino civil rights movement culminated in the publication of a book which will be released this year. Lori now teaches at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, where she nurtures the thinkers and dreamers of tomorrow. Dr. Flores has received numerous awards, and she continues to be a role model for young people in her community. f 
REITERATING THE NEED TO RESTORE THE VOTE IN 2016 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise on the first Restoration Tuesday of the session to reiterate the ongoing and ur-gent need to protect the voting rights of all Americans. On behalf of the constituents we were sent here to represent, we must leave our inaction on voting rights behind in 2015! Now is the time to Restore the Vote! It is completely unacceptable that this up-coming election in November will be our first presidential election in 50 years without the full protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. This Congress has had over two years to answer the Supreme Court’s call to develop a modern day formula for preclearance. We should be embarrassed by our inaction. It is past time for this body to Restore the Vote! Far too many of our constituents will face new barriers to voting this year. From African American communities in my home state of Alabama, to Native American communities in Alaska, to Asian American communities in California and Latino communities in Texas, thousands of minority communities across America will be met with modern-day barriers to the ballot box due to our inaction. Any at-tempt to restrict a certain portion of our elec-torate is a threat to our democracy, whether that is through voter ID laws, the closure of driver’s license offices, or the scaling back of early voting. While these don’t appear as egregious as literacy tests and poll taxes, they represent modern-day attempts to achieve the same goal—to restrict the vote of a portion of the electorate. This is a very old strategy used by individuals in our democracy who wish to silence the voices of entire groups of people. Because of the Voting Rights Act, approxi-mately 3,000 discriminatory voting changes were blocked from occurring from 1965 to 2013. In 1970, when the law was expanded to abolish literacy tests and lower the voting age to 18, the impact was significant as 9 million new voters were added to the roles. As caretakers of our democracy, it is our shared responsibility to restore the Voting Rights Act of 1965. I urge my colleagues to stand with me and renew our commitment to-wards voter equality. We must pass the Voting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.006 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE6 January 5, 2016 
Rights Advancement Act and help ensure equal access to the ballot box for every Amer-ican. 
f 
CENTRAL WASHINGTON STATE HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL CHAM-PIONSHIPS 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer congratulations to four high school teams that continue to establish Central Washington as the football powerhouse of Washington State. On December 5, (13–1) the Prosser High School Mustangs rolled over the Tumwater Thunderbirds to claim the Washington State 2A High School Football Championship. Led by a stellar defense, the Mustangs amassed four interceptions for the third time in the play-offs. This is Prosser’s fifth state football cham-pionship. Not to be outdone, the (13–1) Okanogan High School Bulldogs pulled off an amazing, nail-bitter win that you usually only see in the movies. Rallying from a 27–14 third quarter deficit, the Bulldogs pulled off a late-fourth quarter touchdown to defeat the Napavine Ti-gers 36–34. This was Okanogan’s second straight Washington State 2B High School Football Championship. Central Washington teams proved very suc-cessful in other divisions as well. In a Knights versus Knights face-off, the Royal High School Knights defeated the Kings’ High School Knights in the Washington State 1A High School Championship. The win secured Royal’s perfect (14–0) season, their first championship since 2007, and the school’s fifth title. Particularly commendable is Royal’s defense, which allowed a mere four and a half points average scored against the team throughout the season. Finally, in another nerve-wracking finale, the (13–1) Almira Coulee Hartline High School Warriors edged out Lummi Nation Blackhawks 46–42 for the Washington State 1B High School Football title. Almira Coulee Hartline entered the fourth quarter down 42–38, but after recovering a Lummi fumble on the one yard line, the Warriors began a 99 yard drive that ended with a three yard touchdown with just a minute and a half left on the clock. This was also Almira Coulee Hartline’s first title since 2007, and the school’s third state cham-pionship. Every one of these teams has proudly rep-resented their school. These teams have dem-onstrated the level of skill, teamwork, and te-nacity that will prepare them well for future seasons and for future success in life. Con-gratulations to Prosser, Okanogan, Royal, and Almira Coulee Hartling on a well-played foot-ball season. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO PETER GOLD 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Mr. Peter Gold—an exceptional young man and Good Samaritan who recently made a remarkably selfless and heroic deci-sion to help another in need, putting his own safety at great risk. While driving through New Orleans’ Lower Garden District following his shift at a local hospital, Peter, a fourth year medical student at Tulane University, without regard for his own safety, rushed to the aid of a woman being attacked. Successfully foiling the crime, Peter was shot once in the abdomen before the perpetrator attempted to shoot him in the head twice with his gun jamming. A surveil-lance camera recorded the harrowing event. Its release, which millions have viewed, has been an inspiration, giving us hope as we face the realities of Edmund Burke’s famous words, ‘‘The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.’’ Coming from a family with a rich history of service in the health care field, Peter chose to follow in the footsteps of his father and grand-father. Like those who have come before him and those who will succeed him, Peter exem-plifies the commitment to service that drives so many toward the health care profession and that was on display in the early morning hours of November 20, 2015 as Peter inter-vened to stop an armed robbery and at-tempted kidnapping. I am honored to share this story with you today because the Gold Family resides in our Seventh Congressional District. Peter grew up in Longwood, Florida and is a graduate of Central Florida’s own Lake Brantley High School. He is an outstanding testament to our community’s and our nation’s youth. Our former President John Quincy Adams said, ‘‘If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.’’ Truly, Peter Gold has in-spired others through his heroic actions. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and thanking Peter for his courageous act for the benefit for another human being. f 
WCJC—SECOND TO NONE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Wharton County Junior College (WCJC) for being named the best community college in Texas. WCJC first opened its doors in 1946 in the small town of Wharton, Texas. Over the last 70 years, WCJC has grown and now boasts a total of four campuses across the Houston area. Today, WCJC strives to empower its over 7,000 students with programs that pre-pare them to succeed in the workforce or tran-sition to a four-year institution. From liberal arts to nursing to business degrees, WCJC is filling a critical education and workforce train-ing role for our communities and employers. I’m grateful that WCJC provides our students with so many opportunities to learn and grow. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations to WCJC for being named the best of the best. We can’t wait to see what the next 70 years brings you. HONORING WALTER HAZLITT FOR SERVICE TO HIS COUNTRY AND COMMUNITY HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the service of Walter Hazlitt. It takes a special type of person to lead a life serving both country and community; Mr. Hazlitt is an example of this type of person. Mr. Hazlitt served as a Sergeant for three years in the U.S. Marine Corps in the Marine theatre in China where he selflessly protected our country during World War II. Following his service in the Marines, Mr. Hazlitt continued to serve his country and community, working dili-gently and tirelessly as both a Suffolk County Legislator and as a member of the Stony Brook Fire Department for fifty-five years, where he served as Chief and continues to serve today as Commissioner. In addition to the aforementioned, Mr. Hazlitt served as a member on the Board of Trustees at Suffolk Community College, dedicating his time to en-sure that local youth on Long Island achieved the best education possible. Mr. Hazlitt currently resides in Stony Brook, NY and is married to Mrs. Elizabeth Hazlitt. His daughter, Elizabeth Emerson, has followed in her father’s footsteps of public service by serving as a New York State Supreme Court Justice. What Mr. Hazlitt has managed to accom-plish during his lifetime and give back to the country cannot be summarized in a few words; and it is my hope that many will follow in the footsteps of Mr. Hazlitt and give back to their country and community as graciously as he did. People like him are a rare breed and they help make our country and world a much safer and better place. Today, I thank Walter for his years of dedi-cation and service to our country and commu-nity, and wish him only the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
THE OCCASION OF MR. JONATHAN H. GARDNER’S RETIREMENT 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to rec-ognize and congratulate Mr. Jonathan H. Gardner on the occasion of his retirement from his position as Director of the Southern Arizona Veterans Affairs Health Care System (SAVAHCS). Mr. Gardner has dedicated over 36 years of serving our nation’s heroes with distinction. Mr. Gardner’s career with the Department of Veterans Affairs began as a Without Com-pensation (WOC) position, followed by pro-gressive leadership assignments within the Department of Veterans Affairs (DVA) and the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) (i.e., VA Central Office (VACO), Network and facility). Mr. Gardner has a record of sustained extraor-dinary accomplishment that is recognized throughout DVA and acknowledged on a na-tional level. As Director of SAVAHCS, his du-ties include the overall organization/operation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.009 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE7 January 5, 2016 
of a highly affiliated, 283-bed, complexity level 1a, teaching medical facility with a budget of $460 million and 2,600 employees. The SAVAHCS includes seven Community Clinics and a $4.9 million research budget. SAVAHCS hosts various regional centers of excellence including: Southwest Blind Rehabilitation Cen-ter; Network 18 Polytrauma Network Site; Re-habilitation and Transitional Care Center; and a Psychosocial Rehabilitation and Recovery Center. SAVAHCS is also the principle teach-ing affiliate with the University of Arizona Col-leges of Medicine, Nursing, and Pharmacy, and 36 other institutions of higher learning. During his tenure, Mr. Gardner created an atmosphere of continuous improvement to en-sure quality of care for Veteran patients. In recognition, the SAVAHCS received the 2012 Arizona Quality Alliance Pioneer Award for Quality, the 2012 Robert W. Carey Perform-ance Excellence Trophy Award and the 2011 Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert W. Carey Award for Performance Excellence in Healthcare Services, all based on the Malcolm Baldrige Award criteria. SAVAHCS was also awarded 2016 U.S. News and World Report listing of Best Hospitals for Achievement of the American Heart Association ‘‘Get with the Guidelines Gold Resuscitation Award,’’ the 2015 U.S. News and World Report listing of Best Hospitals for Achievement of the Amer-ican Heart Association ‘‘Get with the Guide-lines Silver Resuscitation Award,’’ and the 2015/2014 Silver Foundation Award Excel-lence in Quality and Performance Award from the Office of Disability and Medical Assess-ment. His ORYX score from The Joint Com-mission was #1 in the VA nation-wide. Mr. Gardner’s final day was on January 4, 2016. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure and honor to recognize the commitment and dedication to our Veterans and the Southern Arizona com-munity that Mr. Gardner has demonstrated for well over 36 years. 
f 
THE NEED TO TAKE ACTION TO ENSURE THAT ASSETS OF NA-TIONAL BANKS IN CIS COUN-TRIES ARE NOT USED TO BEN-EFIT TERRORIST ORGANIZA-TIONS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to inform the House of an ongoing prob-lem in the former CIS countries involving the banking industry that requires the attention of the Congress and the Administration. In the aftermath of 9/11 the United States took decisive action to implement stronger fi-nancial controls to disrupt, impede, and pre-vent the flow of funds to terrorists around the world. But recent events indicate the need for sus-tained vigilance and additional action. One example of this involves the countries of Moldova and Latvia, two members of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) formed in 1991 upon the dissolution of the former Soviet Union in 1991. In Moldova more than $1 billion was stolen from the Moldovan national treasury and a large portion of that money appears to have ended up in three EU banks in Latvia: ‘‘ABLV, Latvijas Pasta Banka, and Privatbank.’’ Mr. Speaker, these banks appear to be fi-nancial institutions controlled by associates and friends of Russian President Vladimir Putin who have a demonstrated history of plundering the national treasuries of the former CIS countries. I call upon the Administration and the Con-gress to investigate whether assets of the na-tional banks of countries of the former Soviet Union are not being plundered and used, knowingly or unknowingly, to benefit terrorist organizations. f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO PER-MIT COMMERCIAL FILMING AND PHOTOGRAPHY ON THE GROUNDS OF THE U.S. CAPITOL 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce a bill to permit commercial filming and photography on the grounds of the U.S. Cap-itol, east of Union Square, the only area where such filming is currently authorized. This bill would permit commercial photography and filming outside of the Capitol and congres-sional office buildings by permit, so long as both the House and Senate are not in session. In today’s world, where many societies are facing upheavals, our country should be the first to encourage commercial photography and filming of the Capitol, which symbolizes U.S. democracy at work. Hollywood and other commercial filmmakers should not have to go to other or fake capitol buildings for movies and films about the U.S. Capitol. The current policy permitting filming near the United States Botanic Garden shows that the Capitol police can handle filmmaking on Capitol grounds, es-pecially when Congress is not in session. However, filming from that vantage point cap-tures the least familiar view of the Capitol. At a time when the reputation of Congress is par-ticularly low, filming of the Capitol, a building that represents American democracy, could bolster its image. Keeping filmmakers from standing in front of the Capitol is neither busi-ness-friendly nor true to the nation’s demo-cratic traditions. Encouraging commercial pho-tography and filming at the Capitol would help spread the story of our national legislature around the world. The time is overdue to allow to commercial filming and photography of the exterior of the historic 19th century Capitol building. There is no good reason why commercial filming and photography should be confined to Union Square. Specifically, my bill gives the Capitol Police the discretion, depending on the circumstances in and around the Capitol, to issue a permit authorizing commercial filming and photography under the same conditions as those in Union Square. Such areas might include, for example, Independence Avenue on the House side and Constitution Avenue on the Senate side. No policy or security reason exists to justify limiting commercial filming and photography of the Capitol complex to only one location, Union Square, particularly con-sidering that permits are necessary. People are regularly seen on East Capitol Street (east of 2nd Street) taking pictures, where they get a full view of the Capitol building, dem-onstrating how arbitrary it is to limit commer-cial filming to Union Square. Capitol Police would also have authority to charge a fee to cover any costs incurred by the Architect of the Capitol as a result of the issuance of the permit, to be deposited into the Capitol Trust Account. The Capitol Trust Account was established to accept proceeds from any fees collected for commercial filming permits for Union Square. Amounts in the Capitol Trust Account would be available with-out fiscal year limitation for such maintenance, improvements, and projects with respect to the Capitol grounds as the Architect of the Capitol considers appropriate, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate. Views of the U.S. Capitol are among Amer-ica’s most iconic. Limiting commercial filming and photography of the Capitol, an important vehicle for telling the nation’s story, does not serve the American people. Indeed, most of the world knows our country and reveres our system of government largely through com-mercial photography and films of the Capitol, which symbolizes our democracy at work. Commercial films and photographs of the Cap-itol, the seat of our democracy, are perhaps the best modern vehicles for telling the na-tion’s story and showcasing its democratic system of government. My bill would enable appropriate, permitted commercial filming and photography of the Capitol, and would create economic benefits for the nation, the city, and private business. I urge support of this bill. 
f 
SOUPER BOWL CHAMPION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 5, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ap-plaud Sophia George from Missouri City, Texas for being named to this year’s Souper Bowl of Caring National Youth Advisory Board. Sophia is one of only 13 students from around the country selected to serve on the Board. During January, leading up to the NFL’s Super Bowl, Sophia will serve as a spokesperson for Souper Bowl of Caring and organize charity drives in our Houston commu-nity throughout the year. By working with and leading her peers, Sophia will fill an important role ensuring that those in need are cared for. Our community is proud of Sophia’s leader-ship and dedication to helping others. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sophia for being selected to the National Youth Advisory Board. Thank you for serving Houston. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.014 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D6 Tuesday, January 5, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 2 p.m., on Monday, January 11, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 4313–4320; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 575–578 were introduced.
                                        Page H14 
Additional Cosponsors:                                   Pages H14–15 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 579, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3762) to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016 (H. Rept. 114–387); and H. Res. 580, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 712) to impose certain limitations on con-sent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1155) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–388).
            Page H12 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Smith (NE) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                Page H3 
Clerk Designation: Read a letter from the Clerk wherein she designated Robert Reeves, Deputy Clerk, to sign any and all papers and do all other acts in case of her temporary absence or disability. 
                                                                                                  Page H3 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:03 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                         Page H3 Call of the House: The Speaker called the House to order and ascertained the presence of a quorum (397 present, Roll No. 1).
                                               Pages H3–4 
Committee to Notify the President of the As-sembly of the House: The House agreed to H. Res. 576, authorizing the Speaker to appoint a committee on the part of the House to notify the President that a quorum of the House has assembled, and that the House is ready to receive any communication that he may be pleased to make. Subsequently, the Speaker appointed Representatives McCarthy and Pelosi to the committee.
                                                                  Page H4 
Notifying the Senate That a Quorum of the House Has Assembled: The House agreed to H. Res. 577, authorizing the Clerk of the House to in-form the Senate that a quorum of the House is present and that the House is ready to proceed with business.
                                                                               Page H4 
Meeting Hour: The House agreed to H. Res. 578, providing for the hour of meeting of the House. 
                                                                                                  Page H4 
Morning Hour Debate: Agreed by unanimous con-sent that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, providing for Morning Hour Debate, be extended for the remainder of the 114th Congress, except that H. Res. 578 shall supplant H. Res. 9.
                        Page H4 
Senate Referral: S. 1893 was referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce.
                        Page H12 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One quorum call (Roll No. 1) developed during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H3–4. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 8:23 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JA6.REC D05JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D7 January 5, 2016 
Committee Meetings 
SUNSHINE FOR REGULATORY DECREES AND SETTLEMENTS ACT OF 2015; SCRUB ACT OF 2015; AND SENATE AMENDMENT TO RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 712, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1155, the ‘‘SCRUB Act of 2015’’; and Senate amendment to H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a rule that provides for consider-ation of the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on the Budget or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule provides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be con-sidered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Budget or their respective designees. In section 2, the rule extends the staff deposition au-thority provided in H. Res. 5 to the Committees on Energy and Commerce; Financial Services; Science, Space, and Technology; and Ways and Means through the end of the 114th Congress. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a structured rule for H.R. 712. The rule provides one hour of general debate with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 min-utes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the pur-pose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–37 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part A of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. Additionally, the rule grants a structured rule for H.R. 1155. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on the Judiciary and Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Price of Georgia, Chairman Chaffetz, and Represent-atives Yarmuth, Marino, Johnson of Georgia, and Connolly. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Army Fee Assistance Program: Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Subcommittee on Legislative and Budget Process, hearing on H.R. 1610, the ‘‘Biennial Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., H–313 Capitol. Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1927, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Attention Needed: Mismanagement at the SBA—The GAO Findings’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JA6.REC D05JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD8 January 5, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, January 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination, at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, January 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of the Senate Amendment to H.R. 3762—Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 1155—SCRUB Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Chaffetz, Jason, Utah, E3 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E4 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E4 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E6 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E4, E5, E7 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E4 Mica, John L., Fla., E6 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E3 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E6 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E7 Olson, Pete, Tex., E6, E7 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E3 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E3 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E5 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E5 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E4 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E6 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Jan 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05JA6.REC D05JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST